item 1a. risk factors discussion of our business and operations included in this annual report on form 10-k should be read together with the risk factors set forth below. they describe various risks and uncertainties to which we are, or may become, subject. these risks and uncertainties, together with other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the potential to affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies, or prospects in a material and adverse manner.
risks associated with our industry the homebuilding industry is cyclical and a deterioration in industry conditions or downward changes in general economic or other business conditions could adversely affect our business or our financial results.
the residential homebuilding industry is sensitive to changes in economic conditions and other factors, such as the level of employment, consumer confidence, consumer income, product affordability, availability of financing, inflation, and interest rate levels. adverse changes in any of these conditions generally, or in the markets where we operate, could decrease demand and pricing for new homes in these areas or result in customer cancellations of pending contracts, which could adversely affect the number of home deliveries we make or reduce the prices we can charge for homes, either of which could result in a significant decrease in our revenues and earnings that could materially and adversely affect our financial condition.
for example, beginning in 2006 and continuing through 2011, the u.s. housing market was unfavorably impacted by severe weakness in new home sales attributable to, among other factors, weak consumer confidence, tightened mortgage standards, significant foreclosure activity, a more challenging appraisal environment, higher than normal unemployment levels, and significant uncertainty in the global economy. during this period, we incurred significant losses, including impairments of our land inventory and certain other assets, and some aspects of the housing industry have yet to return to pre-2007 production levels.
future increases in interest rates, reductions in mortgage availability, or other increases in the effective costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers from buying our homes and adversely affect our business and financial results.
a large majority of our customers finance their home purchases through mortgage loans, many through pulte mortgage. mortgage interest rates in recent years have been at or near historic lows, thereby making new homes more affordable. increases in interest rates could adversely affect the market for new homes. potential homebuyers may be less willing or able to pay the increased monthly costs resulting from higher interest rates or to obtain mortgage financing. for example, during 2018, we experienced lower than expected conversions of traffic to signups, especially among first-time and move-up buyers, beginning in may 2018 when mortgage rates increased. similarly, the federal reserve has recently announced that it plans to increase the federal borrowing interest rate multiple times in 2022, which could negatively impact new home purchases.
a decrease in the availability of mortgage financing generally could also adversely impact the market for new homes, which could result from lenders increasing the qualifications needed for mortgages or adjusting their terms to address any increased credit risk. even if potential customers do not need financing, changes in interest rates and mortgage availability could make it harder for them to sell their current homes to potential buyers who need financing. these factors could adversely affect the sales or pricing of our homes and could also reduce the volume or margins in our financial services business. our financial services business could also be impacted to the extent we are unable to match interest rates and amounts on loans we have committed to originate through the various hedging strategies we employ. these developments have historically had, and may in the future have, a material adverse effect on the overall demand for new housing and thereby on the results of operations of our business.
the liquidity provided by fannie mae and freddie mac to the mortgage industry is also critical to the housing market. the impact of the federal government's conservatorship of fannie mae and freddie mac on the short-term and long-term demand for new housing remains unclear. any limitations or restrictions on the availability of financing by these agencies could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage financing, and our sales of new homes and mortgage loans. additionally, the availability of fha and va mortgage financing, which is subject to the same interest rate and lending term risks, is an important factor in marketing some of our homes, and reduced availability of these financing options could negatively impact our results of operations.
inflation has resulted in increased costs that we may not be able to recoup.
inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land, materials, and labor. in addition, significant inflation is often accompanied by higher interest rates, which may have a negative impact on demand for our homes. in an inflationary environment, economic conditions and other market factors may make it difficult for us to raise home prices enough to keep up with the rate of inflation, which could reduce our profit margins or reduce the number of consumers who can afford to purchase one of our homes. although the rate of inflation has been historically low in recent years, we are currently experiencing historically significant increases in the prices of labor and certain materials as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and increased demand for new homes. these increases have increased our operational costs in recent periods, and if the current inflationary environment continues or worsens, we may not be able to adjust the pricing we charge for homes to offset these increased costs in the future, which would adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
supply shortages and other risks related to the demand for skilled labor and building materials could increase costs and delay deliveries.
the homebuilding industry is highly competitive for skilled labor. labor shortages in certain of our markets have become more acute in recent years as the supply chain adjusts to industry growth and the labor force has lost significant time due to people infected with covid-19. consumer demand for our homes has also increased beyond the growth of the residential construction labor pool, which has been stunted by the covid-19 pandemic and related responsive measures. additionally, the supply of certain building materials, especially lumber, wood-based materials such as roof and floor trusses and oriented strand boards, steel, resin, concrete, copper, and petroleum-based materials, is limited and has been impacted by the combination of strong consumer demand, disruptions in the global supply chain caused by the covid-19 pandemic, and major weather events at the point of manufacture of certain products. this increase in demand and the consolidation of ownership of the source of supply for certain building materials have combined to significantly increase the prices of those materials. as a result, during 2021, we experienced supply chain constraints, increases in the prices of some building materials, and shortages of skilled labor in all of our markets. increased costs and shortages of labor and materials have caused increases in construction costs, construction delays, and increased backlog, which required us to moderate lot releases and pace new orders in the majority of our communities. we may not be able to pass on increases in construction costs to customers and generally are unable to pass on any such increases to customers who have already entered into sales contracts as those sales contracts generally fix the price of the home at the time the contract is signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of the home. sustained increases in construction costs may, over time, erode our margins, and pricing competition may restrict our ability to pass on any such additional costs, thereby decreasing our margins.
our success depends on our ability to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding in accordance with our land investment criteria.
the homebuilding industry is highly competitive for suitable land. the availability of finished and partially finished developed lots and undeveloped land for purchase that meet our internal criteria depends on a number of factors outside our control, including land availability in general, competition with other homebuilders and land buyers for desirable property, inflation in land prices, zoning, allowable housing density, and other regulatory requirements. should suitable lots or land become less available, the number of homes we may be able to build and sell could be reduced, and the cost of land could be increased, perhaps substantially, which could adversely impact our results of operations.
our long-term ability to build homes depends on our acquiring land suitable for residential building at reasonable prices in locations where we want to build. we experience significant competition for suitable land as a result of land constraints in many of our markets. as competition for suitable land increases, and as available land is developed, the cost of acquiring suitable land could rise, and the availability of suitable land at acceptable prices may decline. any land shortages or any decrease in the supply of suitable land at reasonable prices could limit our ability to develop new communities or result in increased land costs. we may not be able to pass through to our customers any increased land costs, which could adversely impact our revenues, earnings, and margins.
if the market value of our land drops significantly, our profits could decrease and result in write-downs of the carrying values of land we own.
the market value of land can fluctuate significantly as a result of changing market conditions, and the measures we employ to manage inventory risk may not be adequate to insulate our operations from a severe drop in inventory values. we acquire land for expansion into new markets and for replacement of land inventory and expansion within our current markets. if housing demand decreases below what we anticipated when we acquired our inventory, we may not be able to make profits similar to what we have made in the past, we may experience less than anticipated profits, and/or we may not be able to recover our costs when we sell and build homes. when market conditions are such that land values are not appreciating, land option arrangements previously entered into may become less desirable, at which time we may elect to forego deposits and pre-acquisition costs and terminate the agreement. in the face of adverse market conditions, we may have substantial inventory carrying costs, we may have to write down our inventory to its fair value, and/or we may have to sell land or homes at a loss. at times we have been required to record significant write-downs of the carrying value of our land inventory, and we have elected not to exercise options to purchase land, even though that required us to forfeit deposits and write-off pre-acquisition costs. if market conditions were to deteriorate in the future, we could again be required to record significant write downs to our land inventory, which would decrease the asset values reflected on our balance sheet and materially and adversely affect our earnings and our stockholders' equity.
competition for homebuyers could reduce our deliveries or decrease our profitability.
the u.s. housing industry is highly competitive. homebuilders compete for homebuyers in each of our markets with numerous national, regional, and local homebuilders on the basis of location, price, quality, reputation, design, community amenities, and our customers' overall sales and homeownership experiences. this competition with other homebuilders could reduce the number of homes we deliver or cause us to accept reduced margins to maintain sales volume.
we also compete with resales of existing or foreclosed homes, housing speculators, and available rental housing. increased competitive conditions in the residential resale or rental market in the regions where we operate could decrease demand for new homes or unfavorably impact pricing for new homes.
government regulations could increase the cost and limit the availability of our development and homebuilding projects or affect our related financial services operations and adversely affect our business or financial results.
our operations are subject to building, safety, environmental, and other regulations imposed and enforced by various federal, state, and local governing authorities. new housing developments may also be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets, and other public improvements. these assessments have increased over recent years as other funding mechanisms have decreased, causing local governing authorities to seek greater contributions from homebuilders. all of these factors can cause an increase in the effective cost of our homes.
we also are subject to a variety of local, state, and federal laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety, and the environment. the impact of environmental laws varies depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining properties and may be greater in areas with less supply where undeveloped land or desirable alternatives are less available. these matters may result in delays, may cause us to incur substantial compliance, remediation and other costs, and can prohibit or severely restrict development and homebuilding activity in environmentally sensitive regions or areas. more stringent requirements could be imposed in the future on homebuilders and developers, thereby increasing the cost of compliance.
our financial services operations are also subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations. these include eligibility requirements for participation in federal loan programs and compliance with consumer lending and similar requirements such as disclosure requirements, prohibitions against discrimination, and real estate settlement procedures. they also subject our operations to examination by applicable agencies, pursuant to which those agencies may limit our ability to provide mortgage financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes. for our homes to qualify for fha or va mortgages, we must satisfy valuation standards and site, material, and construction requirements of those agencies.
homebuilding is subject to warranty and other claims in the ordinary course of business that can be significant.
as a homebuilder, we are subject to home warranty, construction defect, and other claims arising in the ordinary course of business. we rely on subcontractors to perform the actual construction of our homes and, in some cases, to select and obtain building materials. despite our detailed specifications and quality control procedures, in some cases, subcontractors may use improper construction processes or defective materials. in such cases, it can result in the need to perform extensive repairs to large numbers of homes. we record warranty and other reserves relating to the homes we sell based on historical experience in our markets and our judgment of the qualitative risks associated with the types of homes built.
we have, and require our subcontractors to have, general liability, property, errors and omissions, workers compensation, and other business insurance. these insurance policies protect us against a portion of our risk of loss from claims, subject to certain self-insured per occurrence and aggregate retentions, deductibles, and available policy limits. in certain instances, we may offer our subcontractors the opportunity to purchase insurance through one of our captive insurance subsidiaries or participate in a project-specific insurance program provided by us. policies issued by our captive insurance subsidiaries represent self-insurance of these risks by us. we reserve for costs to cover our self-insured and deductible amounts under these policies and for any costs of claims and lawsuits based on an analysis of our historical claims, which includes an estimate of claims incurred but not yet reported. our insurance coverage, our subcontractor arrangements, and our reserves may not be adequate to address all our warranty and construction defect claims in the future, and there is typically a lag between our payment of claims and reimbursements from applicable insurance carriers. contractual indemnities can be difficult to enforce, we may be responsible for applicable self-insured retentions, and some types of claims may not be covered by insurance or may exceed applicable coverage limits. additionally, the coverage offered by and the availability of general liability insurance for construction defects are currently costly and limited. we have responded to increases in insurance costs and coverage limitations by increasing our self-insured retentions. there can be no assurance that coverage will not be further restricted or become more costly. additionally, we are exposed to counterparty default risk related to our subcontractors, our insurance carriers, and our subcontractors' insurance carriers.
we can be injured by improper acts of persons over whom we do not have control or by the attempt to impose liabilities or obligations of third parties on us.
although we expect all of our subcontractors, employees, officers, and directors to comply at all times with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations, there may be instances in which subcontractors or others through whom we do business engage in practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations, or governmental guidelines. when we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations, or government guidelines, including practices relating to homes, buildings, or multifamily properties we build or finance, we move to stop the non-complying practices as soon as possible, and we have taken disciplinary action regarding subcontractors and employees of ours who were aware of non-complying practices and did not take steps to address them, including in some instances terminating their employment. however, regardless of the steps we take after we learn of practices that do not comply with applicable laws, regulations, or government guidelines, we can in some instances be subject to fines or other governmental penalties, and our reputation can be injured, due to the practices' having taken place.
the homes we sell are built by employees of subcontractors and other contract parties. we do not have the ability to control what these contract parties pay their employees or subcontractors or the work rules they impose on their employees or subcontractors. however, various governmental agencies have attempted to hold contract parties like us responsible for violations of wage and hour laws and other work-related laws by firms whose employees are performing contracted services. governmental rulings or changes in state or local laws that make us responsible for labor practices by our subcontractors could create substantial exposures for us in situations that are not within our control.
natural disasters, severe weather conditions and changing climate patterns could delay deliveries, increase costs, and decrease demand for new homes in affected areas.
our homebuilding operations are located in many areas that are subject to natural disasters and severe weather. the occurrence of natural disasters or severe weather conditions can delay new home deliveries, increase costs by damaging inventories, reduce the availability of materials, and negatively impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. for instance, in 2019, several hurricanes caused disruptions in our southeastern coastal markets but did not result in a material impact to our results of operations. in addition, while they also did not have a material impact on our business in 2019 - 2021, the increased prevalence of forest fires in our western markets have caused disruptions to our sales operations and development delays. significant weather events have contributed to plant closures and transportation delays that have exacerbated stress on our supply chain. furthermore, if our insurance does not fully cover business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our earnings, liquidity, or capital resources could be adversely affected.
government restrictions, standards, or regulations intended to reduce greenhouse gas emissions or potential climate change impacts are likely to result in restrictions on land development in certain areas and may increase energy, transportation, or raw material costs, which could reduce our housing gross profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations. for example, as the risk of flooding in coastal and other flood prone areas increases, local governments may increase the requirements on new home builders for zoning approvals and restrict areas where new homes may be built, resulting in increased development costs and greater competition for more desirable land parcels. in addition, as local governmental authorities and utilities are required to spend increasing amounts of their resources responding to and remediating weather and climate related events, their ability to provide approvals and service to new housing communities may be impaired.
risks related to our business model and capital structure adverse capital and credit market conditions may significantly affect our access to capital and cost of capital.
the capital and credit markets can experience significant volatility. we may need credit-related liquidity for the future development of our business and other capital needs. without sufficient liquidity, we may not be able to purchase additional land or develop land, which could adversely affect our financial results. at december 31, 2021, we had cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of $1.8 billion as well as $701.2 million available under our revolving credit facility ("revolving credit facility"). however, our internal sources of liquidity and revolving credit facility may prove to be insufficient, and, in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
another source of liquidity is our ability to use letters of credit and surety bonds relating to certain performance-related obligations and as security for certain land option agreements and insurance programs. the majority of these letters of credit and surety bonds are in support of our land development and construction obligations to various municipalities, other government agencies, and utility companies related to the construction of roads, sewers, and other infrastructure. at december 31, 2021, we had outstanding letters of credit and surety bonds totaling $298.8 million and $1.8 billion, respectively. these letters of credit are generally issued via our unsecured revolving credit facility, which contains certain financial covenants and other limitations. if we are unable to obtain letters of credit or surety bonds when required, or the conditions imposed by issuers increase significantly, our liquidity could be adversely affected.
our income tax provision and tax reserves may be insufficient if a taxing authority is successful in asserting positions that are contrary to our interpretations and related reserves, if any.
significant judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes and our reserves for federal, state, and local taxes. in the ordinary course of business, there may be matters for which the ultimate outcome is uncertain. our evaluation of our tax matters is based on a number of factors, including relevant facts and circumstances, applicable tax law, correspondence with tax authorities during the course of audits, and effective settlement of audit issues. although we believe our approach to determining the tax treatment for such items is appropriate, no assurance can be given that the final tax authority review will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax provision and related tax reserves. such differences could have a material adverse effect on our income tax provision in the period in which such determination is made and, consequently, on our financial position, cash flows, or net income.
we are periodically audited by various federal, state, and local authorities regarding tax matters. our current audits are in various stages of completion; however, no outcome for a particular audit can be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion of the audit, appeal, and, in some cases, litigation process. as each audit is concluded, adjustments, if any, are recorded in our financial statements in the period determined. to provide for potential tax exposures, we consider a variety of factors, including relevant facts and circumstances, applicable tax law, correspondence with taxing authorities, and effective settlement of audit issues. if these reserves are insufficient upon completion of an audit, there could be an adverse impact on our financial position, cash flows, and results of operations.
we may not realize our deferred tax assets.
as of december 31, 2021, we had deferred tax assets of $164.2 million, against which we provided a valuation allowance of $25.2 million. the ultimate realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon generating future taxable income. while we have recorded valuation allowances against certain of our deferred tax assets, the valuation allowances are subject to change as facts and circumstances change.
our ability to utilize net operating losses ("nols") and other tax attributes to offset our future taxable income or income tax would be limited if we were to undergo an "ownership change" within the meaning of section 382 of the internal revenue code (the "irc").
an "ownership change" under section 382 of the irc would establish an annual limitation to the amount of nols and other tax attributes we could utilize to offset our taxable income or income tax in any single year. the application of these limitations might prevent full utilization of the deferred tax assets. to preserve our ability to utilize nols and other tax attributes in the future without a section 382 limitation, we adopted a shareholder rights plan, which is triggered upon certain transfers of our securities, and amended our by-laws to prohibit certain transfers of our securities. our shareholder rights plan, as amended, expires june 1, 2022, unless our board of directors and shareholders approve an amendment to extend the term prior thereto. notwithstanding the foregoing measures, there can be no assurance that we will not undergo an ownership change within the meaning of section 382. in addition, our shareholder rights plan may adversely affect the marketability of our common stock, because any non-exempt third party that acquires shares of our common stock in excess of the applicable threshold would suffer substantial dilution of its ownership interest.
the value of our deferred tax assets and liabilities are also dependent upon the tax rates expected to be in effect at the time they are realized. a change in enacted corporate tax rates in our major jurisdictions, especially the u.s. federal corporate tax rate, would change the value of our deferred taxes, which could be material.
our inability to sell mortgages into the secondary market could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes unless we are willing to become a long-term investor in loans we originate.
we sell substantially all of the residential mortgage loans we originate within a short period in the secondary mortgage market. if we were unable to sell loans into the secondary mortgage market or directly to fannie mae and freddie mac, we would have to either (a) curtail our origination of residential mortgage loans, which among other things, could significantly reduce our ability to sell homes, or (b) commit our own funds to long term investments in mortgage loans, which, in addition to requiring us to deploy substantial amounts of our own funds, could delay the time when we recognize revenues from home sales on our statements of operations.
we are subject to claims related to mortgage loans we sold in the secondary mortgage market that may be significant.
our mortgage operations may be responsible for losses arising out of claims associated with mortgage loans originated and sold to investors in the event of errors or omissions relating to certain representations and warranties made by us that the loans met certain requirements, including representations as to underwriting standards, the type of collateral, the existence of primary mortgage insurance, and the validity of certain borrower representations in connection with the loan. to date, the significant majority of these claims made by investors against our mortgage operations relate to loans originated prior to 2009, during which time inherently riskier loan products became more common in the origination market. we may also be asked to indemnify underwriters that purchased and securitized loans originated by a former subsidiary of centex corporation ("centex"), which we acquired in 2009, for losses incurred by investors in those securitized loans based on similar breaches of representations and warranties.
the resolution of claims related to alleged breaches of these representations and warranties and repurchase claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. given the unsettled nature of these claims, changes in values of underlying collateral over time, and other uncertainties regarding the ultimate resolution of these claims, actual costs could differ from our current estimates. accordingly, there can be no assurance that such reserves will not need to be increased in the future.
risks related to the covid-19 pandemic our business has been materially and adversely disrupted by the ongoing outbreak and worldwide spread of covid-19 and could be materially and adversely disrupted by another epidemic or pandemic, or similar public threat, or fear of such an event, and the measures that international, federal, state and local governments, agencies, law enforcement and/or health authorities implement to address it.
on march 11, 2020, the world health organization characterized the outbreak of covid-19 as a global pandemic and recommended containment and mitigation measures worldwide. on march 13, 2020, the united states declared a national emergency concerning the covid-19 outbreak, and shortly thereafter many states and municipalities also declared public health emergencies. along with these declarations, extraordinary and wide-ranging actions were taken by international, federal, state, and local public health and governmental authorities to contain and combat the outbreak and spread of covid-19 in regions across the united states and the world, including quarantines, "shelter-in-place" orders and similar mandates for many individuals to substantially restrict daily activities and for many businesses to curtail or cease normal operations.
those restrictions, combined with a reduction in the availability, capacity, and efficiency of municipal and private services necessary to progress land development, homebuilding, mortgage loan originations, and home sales, which in each case varied by market depending on the scope of the restrictions local authorities have established, tempered our sales pace and delayed home construction and deliveries. the inconsistent and unpredictable impacts of the covid-19 virus and the evolution of new variants with different characteristics impacting different areas of the country at different times throughout 2021 caused us to adjust our planning and operations at various times. the cumulative effect of the covid-19 pandemic on the global supply chain and our operations, plus an increase in consumer demand, contributed to delays in production in most of our markets through the date of this report.
while our operations are now fully functioning, subject to regulated restrictions and safety constraints we have enacted in order to protect our employees, trade contractors, and customers, the current resurgence of the covid pandemic in key areas of our operations has caused significant lost time due to isolations and any future quarantine may require us to reinstate restrictions on our operations. despite the development of vaccines and more effective treatments for the physical impacts of covid-19, there are no reliable estimates of how long the covid-19 pandemic will last, and therefore, the unpredictability of the current economic and public health conditions will continue to evolve.
our business could also be negatively impacted over the medium-to-longer term if the disruptions related to covid-19 decrease consumer confidence generally or with respect to purchasing a home; cause civil unrest; precipitate a prolonged economic downturn and/or an extended rise in unemployment or tempering of wage growth, any of which could lower demand for our products, impair our ability to sell and build homes in a typical manner or at all, generate revenues and cash flows, and/or access the capital or lending markets (or significantly increase the costs of doing so), as may be necessary to sustain our business; further increase the costs or decrease the supply of building materials or the availability of subcontractors and other talent, including as a result of infections or medically necessary or recommended self-quarantining, or governmental mandates to direct production activities to support public health efforts; and/or result in our recognizing charges in future periods, which may be material, for inventory impairments or land option contract abandonments, or both, related to our current inventory assets. the unprecedented uncertainty surrounding covid-19, due to rapidly changing governmental directives, public health challenges and progress, macroeconomic consequences, and market reactions thereto, also makes it more challenging for our management to estimate the future performance of our business and develop strategies to generate growth or achieve our objectives for 2022 and beyond.
any epidemic, pandemic, or similar serious public health issue, and the measures undertaken by governmental authorities to address it, could significantly disrupt or prevent us from operating our business in the ordinary course for an extended period. as a result, the impact of such public health issues and the related governmental actions could have a significant adverse impact on our consolidated financial statements.
should the adverse impacts described above (or others that are currently unknown) occur or worsen in the future, whether individually or collectively, we would expect to experience, among other things, increases in the cancellation rates for homes in our backlog, and decreases in our net orders, homes delivered, revenues, and profitability. such impacts could be material to our consolidated financial statements in future reporting periods. we could also be forced to reduce our average selling prices in order to generate consumer demand or in reaction to competitive pressures. in addition, should the covid-19 public health effort and governmental restrictions in response to the pandemic intensify to such an extent that we cannot operate in most or all of our served markets, we could generate few or no orders and deliver few, if any, homes during the applicable period, which could be prolonged. along with a potential increase in cancellations of home purchase contracts, if there are prolonged government restrictions on our business and our customers, and/or an extended economic recession, we could be unable to produce revenues and cash flows sufficient to conduct our business; meet the terms of our covenants and other requirements under our debt obligations, and/or mortgages and land contracts due to land sellers and other loans; service our outstanding debt; or pay any dividends to our stockholders. such circumstances could, among other things, exhaust our available liquidity (and ability to access liquidity sources) and/or trigger an acceleration to pay a significant portion or all of our then-outstanding debt obligations, which we may be unable to do.
general risk factors information technology failures or data security breaches could harm our business.
we use information technology and other computer resources to carry out important operational activities and to maintain our business records. our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches (through cyber-attacks from computer hackers and sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes, usage errors by our employees, or cyber-attacks or errors by third party vendors who have access to our confidential data or that of our customers. while to our knowledge we have not experienced a significant cyber-attack, we are continuously working to improve our information technology systems and provide employee awareness training around phishing, malware, and other cyber risks to enhance our levels of protection, to the extent possible, against cyber risks and security breaches, and monitor to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, computer viruses and other events that could have an impact on our business, there is no assurance that advances in computer capabilities, new technologies, methods or other developments will detect or prevent security breaches and safeguard access to proprietary or confidential information.
the frequency and sophistication of cyber-attacks on companies has increased in recent years, including significant ransomware attacks and foreign attacks on prominent companies and computer software programs. if our computer systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached, or cease to function properly, or if there are intrusions or failures of critical infrastructure such as the power grid or communications systems, we could suffer extended interruptions in our operations. any such disruption could damage our reputation, result in lost customers, lost revenue and market value declines, lead to legal proceedings against us by affected third parties resulting in penalties or fines and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. in addition, the costs of maintaining adequate protection and insurance against such threats, as they develop in the future (or as legal requirements related to data security increase) could be material.
breaches of our computer or data systems, including those operated by third parties on our behalf, could result in the unintended public disclosure or the misappropriation of our proprietary information or personal and confidential information, about our employees, customers and business partners, requiring us to incur significant expense to address and resolve. the misappropriation and/or release of confidential information may also lead to legal or regulatory proceedings against us by affected individuals and the outcome of such proceedings, which could include penalties or fines and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve. depending on its nature, a particular breach or series of breaches of our systems may result in the unauthorized use, appropriation or loss of confidential or proprietary information on a one-time or continuing basis, which may not be detected for a period of time.
negative publicity could negatively impact sales, which could cause our revenues or results of operations to decline.
our business strategy relies heavily on our reputation and brands, which are critical to our success. unfavorable media or investor and analyst reports related to our industry, company, brand, marketing, personnel, operations, business performance, or prospects may affect our stock price and the performance of our business, regardless of its accuracy or inaccuracy. furthermore, the speed at which negative publicity is disseminated has increased dramatically through the use of electronic communication, including social media outlets, websites and other digital platforms. our success in maintaining and enhancing our brand depends on our ability to adapt to this rapidly changing media environment. adverse publicity or negative commentary from any media outlets could damage our reputation and reduce the demand for our homes, which would adversely affect our business.
in addition, we can be affected by poor relations with the residents of communities we develop because efforts made by us to resolve issues or disputes that may arise in connection with the operation or development of their communities, or in connection with the transition of a homeowners association, could be deemed unsatisfactory by the affected residents and subsequent actions by these residents could adversely affect sales or our reputation. in addition, we could decide or be required to make material expenditures related to the settlement of such issues or disputes, which could adversely affect our results of operations.
the loss of the services of members of our senior management or a significant number of our operating employees could negatively affect our business.
our success depends upon the skills, experience, and active participation of our senior management, many of whom have been with the company for a significant number of years. if we were to lose members of our senior management, we might not be able to find appropriate replacements on a timely basis, and our operations could be negatively affected. also, the loss of a significant number of operating employees in key roles or geographies where we are not able to hire qualified replacements could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we have significant intangible assets. if these assets become impaired, then our profits and shareholders' equity may be reduced.
we have significant intangible assets related to business combinations. if the carrying value of intangible assets is deemed impaired, the carrying value is written down to fair value. this would result in a charge to our earnings. if management's expectations of future results and cash flows decrease significantly, impairments of intangible assets may occur.
item 7.management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we experienced strong demand for our products throughout 2021 as new orders increased 8% in units and 28% in dollars over the prior year. new order growth was uneven through the year as 2021 volume reflected our traditional seasonal patterns of higher orders in the first half of the year as part of the spring selling season while 2020 experienced significant volatility resulting from the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, which severely impacted sales in the first half of 2020 but then contributed to a sharp increase in demand in the second half of 2020. the favorable demand for new housing has been driven by mortgage interest rates near historical lows, a limited supply of new and existing home inventory, an increased appeal for homeownership and single-family living, and a desire among some buyers to exit more densely populated urban centers or to relocate from higher cost geographical regions.
home closings increased 17% in 2021 compared with the prior year. the higher closing volume occurred in the face of significant disruption in the homebuilding supply chain, including the availability of certain materials and construction labor combined with delays in municipal approvals and inspections, which has elongated the production cycle of the homes we are constructing. while we are working with our supply partners, have increased our speculative housing starts, and have hired additional construction and customer service employees, our production cycle times have extended in substantially all of our markets due to the challenges referenced above. due to these supply chain challenges, we are moderating lot releases and the pace of new orders in the majority of our communities in order to balance sales volume and production capacity to reduce backlog durations. we believe these conditions will continue to impact our industry for at least the next few quarters.
we are also facing cost pressures related to labor and materials, due in large part to a shortage of workers and supply chain challenges resulting from ongoing effects of the covid-19 pandemic and other macroeconomic factors. specifically, the cost of lumber more than quadrupled from mid-2020 to mid-2021. while the cost of lumber declined significantly since peaking in may 2021, it increased again in late 2021 and remains elevated compared to historical norms. additionally, the availability of certain wood products, including roof and floor trusses and oriented strand boards, remains challenged. we also continue to experience significant challenges with the cost and availability of windows, siding, and appliances, among other supply categories. to date, we have been, and believe we will continue to be, able to increase pricing to offset the majority of such cost increases due to ongoing high consumer demand.
despite the development of vaccines and more effective treatments for the physical impacts of covid-19, there are no reliable estimates of how long the covid-19 pandemic, or its related impacts on overall economic conditions or the global supply chain, will last. as a result, the unpredictability of the current economic and public health conditions will continue to evolve. however, all of our operations continue to function at effectively full capacity subject to health and safety protocols, and we remain optimistic about future housing demand and our ability to continue expanding our business. due to the higher demand and long municipal entitlement timelines, the number of our average active communities declined 9% in 2021 compared to 2020 as we closed-out communities at a pace faster than we were opening new ones. in response, we have increased our investments in land acquisition and development, and we expect the number of our active communities to increase meaningfully in 2022. also, while mortgage interest rates have recently increased, they remain low relative to historical levels, and supplies of new and existing home inventory remain low. combined with an improving macroeconomic environment, overall demand for new housing remained robust at the end of 2021 as evidenced by our significantly higher order backlog, which increased 19% in units and 45% in dollars as of december 31, 2021 over the prior year. however, future economic conditions and the demand for homes are subject to continued uncertainty due to many factors, including the recent increase in mortgage interest rates, higher inflation, ongoing disruptions from supply chain challenges and labor shortages, the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic and government directives, and other factors. while we believe the demand for new housing will remain strong through 2022, our past performance may not be indicative of future results.
the following tables and related discussion set forth key operating and financial data for our homebuilding and financial services operations as of and for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. for similar operating and financial data and discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to our fiscal 2019 results, refer to item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" under part ii of our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020, which was filed with the sec on february 2, 2021.
the following is a summary of our operating results by line of business ($000's omitted, except per share data):
income before income taxes:
homebuilding                                 $2,288,128                          $1,542,057
financial services                              221,717                             186,637
income before income taxes                    2,509,845                           1,728,694
per share data - assuming dilution:
•homebuilding income before income taxes increased 48% in 2021, primarily as the result of higher revenues and gross margins and improved overhead management. homebuilding results also included insurance reserve reversals of $81.1 million and $93.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, partially offset by reserves against insurance receivables of $17.8 million in 2020 (see note 11) and a goodwill impairment charge of $20.2 million in 2020 (see note 1).
•financial services income before income taxes increased in 2021 compared with 2020 resulting from higher volumes, partially offset by lower revenue per loan. the prior year also included $26.4 million of mortgage repurchase reserve charges (see note 11).
•our effective income tax rate was 22.5% and 18.6% for 2021 and 2020, respectively. the lower effective tax rate in 2020 resulted primarily from a benefit for federal energy efficient homes credits related to homes closed in prior years (see note 8).
homebuilding operations the following is a summary of income before income taxes for our homebuilding operations ($000's omitted):
total homebuilding revenues                                             13,537,350                                27        %                  10,673,913
income before income taxes                                              $2,288,128                                48        %                  $1,542,057
supplemental data:
closings (units)                                                            28,894                                17        %                      24,624
units                                                                       31,739                                 8        %                      29,275
average active communities                                                     799                               (9)        %                         874
units                                                                       18,003                                19        %                      15,158
(a)includes the amortization of capitalized interest.
(b)includes insurance reserve reversals of $81.1 million and $93.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, partially offset by reserves against insurance receivables of $17.8 million in 2020 (see note 11).
(d)see "other expense, net" for a table summarizing significant items (see note 1).
home sale revenues home sale revenues for 2021 were higher than 2020 by $2.8 billion, or 26%. the increase was attributable to a 17% increase in closings combined with an 8% increase in average selling price. the increase in closings was primarily the result of favorable demand conditions and occurred in substantially all of our geographic markets. beginning in march 2020, the covid-19 pandemic began to unfavorably impact the demand environment. however, demand improved significantly beginning in june 2020 and has remained favorable. the higher average selling price reflects the impact of pricing actions taken in response to the higher demand as well as increased input costs, partially offset by a small increase in the mix of first-time buyer homes, which typically carry a lower sales price.
home sale gross margins home sale gross margins were 26.4% in 2021, compared with 24.3% in 2020. gross margins remained strong in both 2021 and 2020 relative to historical levels and reflect a combination of factors, including: strong consumer demand, the low mortgage interest rate environment, and limited supplies of new and existing housing inventory. as a result, the pricing environment remains strong, which has allowed us to effectively manage pressure in house and land costs through pricing actions. while costs remain elevated, we have been able to more than offset these cost increases through price increases. additionally, while speculative home sales (homes started prior to receipt of a customer order) remain the minority of our operations, the current environment is providing opportunities for additional pricing and relative margin gains related to such homes.
land sale and other revenues we periodically elect to sell parcels of land to third parties in the event such assets no longer fit into our strategic operating plans or are zoned for commercial or other development. land sale and other revenues and their related gains or losses vary between periods, depending on the timing of land sales and our strategic operating decisions. land sales and other revenues contributed income of $26.5 million and $16.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. income in 2021 included a gain of $12.9 million related to a land sale transaction in california that had been in the entitlement process for a number of years.
sg&a sg&a as a percentage of home sale revenues was 9.0% and 9.6% in 2021 and 2020, respectively. the dollar amount of our sg&a increased $197.3 million, or 20%, in 2021 compared with 2020. this increase resulted primarily from higher sales commissions expense and other variable costs due to the higher production volume. the improvement in sg&a as a percentage of home sale revenues is primarily attributable to leverage gained from the higher revenues. this overhead leverage was partially offset in 2021 by higher headcount to support the increased production volume as well as higher performance-based compensation accruals due to the company's strong operating results. these results also reflect insurance reserve reversals of $81.1 million and $93.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, partially offset by reserves against insurance receivables of $17.8 million in 2020. the 2020 sg&a expense also reflects severance costs of $10.3 million recorded in the second quarter of 2020 as we took actions to reduce overhead expenses due to the disruption caused by the early stages of the covid-19 pandemic.
goodwill impairment as a result of the significant decline in equity market valuations that occurred during the period between our acquisition of innovative construction group ("icg") in january 2020 and march 31, 2020, we determined that an event-driven goodwill impairment test was appropriate for the icg goodwill, which resulted in an impairment totaling $20.2 million in the first quarter of 2020. this impairment was not the result of any unique factors specific to icg's operations but, rather, reflected the broad-based declines in the market capitalizations of publicly-traded construction companies in the short period of time between the acquisition and the march 31, 2020 valuation date.
other expense, net other expense, net includes the following ($000's omitted):
write-offs of deposits and pre-acquisition costs (note 2)           $(12,283)                 $(12,390)
amortization of intangible assets (note 1)                           (16,502)                  (19,685)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities (note 4)                 17,199                     1,880
equity in earnings of unconsolidated entities reflects our share of earnings from joint ventures and other investments with independent third parties and varies between periods based on the performance of the underlying investments.
net new orders net new orders in units increased 8% in 2021 compared with 2020 while net new orders in dollars increased by 28% compared with 2020. the net new order volume in 2021 reflects favorable demand conditions partially offset by a lower community count, as more fully discussed above. the annual cancellation rate (canceled orders for the period divided by gross new orders for the period) was a historically-low 9% in 2021 compared to 14% in 2020. ending backlog dollars, which represents orders for homes that have not yet closed, increased 45% in 2021 compared with 2020 as the result of the higher new orders coupled with elongated cycle times due to supply chain delays for certain materials and labor and obtaining necessary approvals, permits, and inspections from local municipalities.
the number of homes in production at december 31, 2021 was 44% higher compared to december 31, 2020. the increase in homes under production is the result of the significant increase in demand, coupled with elongated cycle times due to supply chain delays for certain materials and labor and obtaining necessary approvals, permits, and inspections from local municipalities. the higher level of unsold homes, or speculative homes, under construction reflects a strategic decision to increase our housing starts of speculative units in response to the noted supply chain challenges and to meet demand. the lower unsold completed inventory is near historical lows for our company and reflects our ability to sell these speculative units given the strong demand environment.
controlled lots the following is a summary of our lots under control at december 31, 2021 and 2020:
owned                     optioned                    controlled                    owned                     optioned                    controlled northeast                         4,422                       7,637                       12,059                      4,956                       4,001                        8,957
while competition for well-positioned land is robust, we continue to pursue land investments that we believe can achieve appropriate risk-adjusted returns on invested capital and have increased our controlled lot count as the result of the strong demand environment. additionally, we continue to seek to increase the percentage of our lots that are controlled via land option agreement. such contracts enable us to defer acquiring portions of properties owned by third parties or unconsolidated entities until we have determined whether and when to exercise our option, which reduces our financial risks associated with long-term land holdings. the remaining purchase price under our land option agreements totaled $5.5 billion at december 31, 2021.
homebuilding segment operations our homebuilding operations represent our core business. homebuilding offers a broad product line to meet the needs of homebuyers in our targeted markets. as of december 31, 2021, we conducted our operations in 41 markets located throughout 24 states. for reporting purposes, our homebuilding operations are aggregated into six reportable segments:
northeast:        connecticut, maryland, massachusetts, new jersey, pennsylvania, virginia southeast:        georgia, north carolina, south carolina, tennessee florida:          florida midwest:          illinois, indiana, kentucky, michigan, minnesota, ohio texas:            texas west:             arizona, california, colorado, nevada, new mexico, washington we also have a reportable segment for our financial services operations, which consist principally of mortgage banking, title, and insurance brokerage operations. the financial services segment operates generally in the same markets as the homebuilding segments.
the following table presents selected financial information for our reportable homebuilding segments:
operating data by segment ($000's omitted)
income before income taxes (a):
other homebuilding (c)                     (134,405)                                  (40)        %                       (96,201)
closings (units):
(c)other homebuilding includes the amortization of intangible assets, amortization of capitalized interest, and other items not allocated to the operating segments. also includes: insurance reserve reversals of $81.1 million and $93.4 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, partially offset by reserves against insurance receivables of $17.8 million in 2020 (see note 11) and a loss on debt retirement of $61.5 million in 2021 (see note 5).
the following table presents additional selected financial information for our reportable homebuilding segments:
operating data by segment ($000's omitted)
net new orders - units:
unit backlog:
the following table presents additional selected financial information for our reportable homebuilding segments:
operating data by segment ($000's omitted)
other homebuilding                               -                                                                   880
*    land-related charges include land impairments, net realizable value adjustments for land held for sale, and write-offs of deposits and pre-acquisition costs. other homebuilding consists primarily of write-offs of capitalized interest resulting from land-related charges. see notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion of these charges.
for 2021, northeast home sale revenues increased 33% compared with 2020 due to a 29% increase in closings combined with a 3% increase in average selling price. the increase in closings occurred across all markets while the increase in average selling price occurred across the majority of markets. income before income taxes increased 57% primarily due to increased revenues, as well as improved gross margins and overhead management which occurred across all markets. net new orders decreased, which was primarily attributable to mid-atlantic.
for 2021, southeast home sale revenues increased 32% compared with 2020 due to a 21% increase in closings combined with a 9% increase in average selling price. the increase in closings and average selling price occurred across all markets. income before income taxes increased 61% primarily due to increased revenues, as well as improved gross margins which occurred across all markets, and improved overhead management which occurred across the majority of markets. net new orders increased across the majority of markets.
for 2021, florida home sale revenues increased 34% compared with 2020 due to a 21% increase in closings combined with an 11% increase in average selling price. the increase in closings and average selling price occurred across all markets. income before income taxes increased 62% due to increased revenues, as well as improved gross margins which occurred across all markets, and improved overhead management which occurred across the majority of markets. florida's income before income taxes also includes a goodwill impairment charge of $20.2 million in 2020 (see note 1). net new orders increased across all markets.
for 2021, midwest home sale revenues increased 31% compared with 2020 due to a 24% increase in closings combined with a 6% increase in average selling price. the increase in closings occurred across all markets while the increase in average selling price occurred across the majority of markets. income before income taxes increased 34% primarily due to increased revenues, as well as improved gross margins and overhead management which occurred across all markets. net new orders increased across all markets.
for 2021, texas home sale revenues increased 24% compared with 2020 due to an 18% increase in closings combined with a 5% increase in the average selling price. the increase in closings and average selling price occurred in all markets. income before income taxes increased 33% primarily due to increased revenues, as well as improved gross margins which occurred across all markets, and improved overhead management which occurred across the majority of markets. net new orders decreased across the majority of markets.
for 2021, west home sale revenues increased 14% compared with 2020 period due to a 2% increase in closings combined with an 11% increase in the average selling price. the increase in closings was mixed among markets while the increase in average selling price occurred across all markets. income before income taxes increased 40% primarily due to increased revenues, as well as improved gross margins and overhead management, which occurred across the majority of markets. in addition, 2021 results include a gain of $12.9 million related to a land sale transaction in california that had been in the entitlement process for a number of years. the increase in net new orders was mixed among markets.
financial services operations we conduct our financial services operations, which include mortgage banking, title, and insurance brokerage operations, through pulte mortgage and other subsidiaries. in originating mortgage loans, we initially use our own funds, including funds available pursuant to credit agreements with third parties. substantially all of the loans we originate are sold in the secondary market within a short period of time after origination, generally within 30 days. we also sell the servicing rights for the loans we originate through fixed price servicing sales contracts to reduce the risks and costs inherent in servicing loans. this strategy results in owning the loans and related servicing rights for only a short period of time. operating as a captive business model primarily targeted to supporting our homebuilding operations, the business levels of our financial services operations are highly correlated to homebuilding. our homebuilding customers continue to account for substantially all loan production. we believe that our capture rate, which represents loan originations from our homebuilding operations as a percentage of total loan opportunities from our homebuilding operations, excluding cash closings, is an important metric in evaluating the effectiveness of our captive mortgage business model. the following tables present selected financial information for our financial services operations ($000's omitted):
title services revenues                          70,084                                23        %                      57,023
total financial services revenues               389,532                                 8        %                     362,169
income before income taxes                     $221,717                                19        %                    $186,637
supplemental data:
other agency                             73    %                       71    %
total agency                             92    %                       92    %
non-agency                                8    %                        8    %
revenues total financial services revenues during 2021 increased 8% compared with 2020. the increase occurred as the result of increased homebuilding volumes, partially offset by lower capture rates and margins per loan. mortgage interest rates were at or near historically low levels during 2020, which resulted in a refinancing boom that created a very favorable competitive environment for new originations. however, the demand for refinancing within the mortgage industry waned in 2021 as mortgage interest rates began to rise, which led to an increase in competition among lenders and lower margins per loan.
income before income taxes the increase in income before income taxes for 2021 as compared with 2020 was due primarily to higher volume, partially offset by lower margins per loan. additionally, we incurred $26.4 million of mortgage repurchase reserve charges in 2020 (see note 11).
income taxes our effective income tax rate was 22.5% and 18.6% for 2021 and 2020, respectively. the lower effective income tax rate in 2020 resulted primarily from the extension of federal energy efficient home credits related to homes closed in prior years. both 2021 and 2020 also included benefits related to the reversals of valuation allowances against state net operating loss carryforwards. see note 8.
liquidity and capital resources we finance our land acquisition, development, and construction activities and financial services operations using internally-generated funds, supplemented by credit arrangements with third parties and capital market financing. we routinely monitor current and expected operational requirements and financial market conditions to evaluate accessing available financing sources, including revolving bank credit and securities offerings.
at december 31, 2021, we had unrestricted cash and equivalents of $1.8 billion, restricted cash balances of $54.5 million, and $701.2 million available under our revolving credit facility. we follow a diversified investment approach for our cash and equivalents by maintaining such funds with a broad portfolio of banks within our group of relationship banks in high quality, highly liquid, short-term deposits and investments. our ratio of debt-to-total capitalization, excluding our financial services debt, was 21.3% at december 31, 2021.
for the next twelve months, we expect our principal demand for funds will be for the acquisition and development of land inventory, construction of house inventory, and operating expenses, including our general and administrative expenses. additionally, we plan to continue our dividend payments and repurchases of common stock. beyond the next twelve months, we will need to repay or refinance our long-term debt, the next tranche of which becomes due in 2026.
we believe that our current cash position and other available financing resources, coupled with our ongoing operating activities, will provide sufficient liquidity to fund our business needs over the next twelve months and beyond. to the extent the sources of capital described above are insufficient to meet our needs, we may also conduct additional public offerings of our securities, refinance debt, dispose of certain assets to fund our operating activities, or draw on existing or new debt facilities.
unsecured senior notes at december 31, 2021, we had $2.0 billion of unsecured senior notes outstanding with no repayments due until march 2026 when $500.0 million of notes are scheduled to mature.
during 2021, we retired $426.0 million of senior notes at their scheduled maturity date and also accelerated the retirement of $200.0 million and $100.0 million of our unsecured notes scheduled to mature in 2026 and 2027, respectively, through a cash tender offer. the tender offer resulted in a loss of $61.5 million, which includes the write-off of debt issuance costs, unamortized discounts and premiums, and transaction fees.
other notes payable certain of our local homebuilding operations are party to non-recourse and limited recourse collateralized notes payable with third parties that totaled $40.2 million at december 31, 2021. these notes have maturities ranging up to three years, are secured by the applicable land positions to which they relate, have no recourse to any other assets, and are classified within notes payable.
revolving credit facility we maintain a revolving credit facility maturing in june 2023 that has a maximum borrowing capacity of $1.0 billion and contains an uncommitted accordion feature that could increase the capacity to $1.5 billion, subject to certain conditions and availability of additional bank commitments. the revolving credit facility also provides for the issuance of letters of credit that reduce the available borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility, with a sublimit of $500.0 million at december 31, 2021. the interest rate on borrowings under the revolving credit facility may be based on either the london interbank offered rate ("libor") or a base rate plus an applicable margin, as defined therein. in the event that libor is no longer widely available, the agreement contemplates transitioning to an alternative widely available market rate agreeable between the parties. as a precautionary measure during the initial phase of the covid-19 pandemic, we made the decision in march 2020 to draw $700.0 million under the revolving credit facility. in june 2020, we repaid the full outstanding balance of $700.0 million. we had no borrowings outstanding and $298.8 million and $249.7 million of letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the revolving credit facility contains financial covenants that require us to maintain a minimum tangible net worth, a minimum interest coverage ratio, and a maximum debt-to-capitalization ratio (as each term is defined in the revolving credit facility). as of december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants. outstanding balances under the revolving credit facility are guaranteed by certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. our available and unused borrowings under the revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit, amounted to $701.2 million and $750.3 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
financial services debt pulte mortgage provides mortgage financing for the majority of our home closings by utilizing its own funds and funds made available pursuant to credit agreements with third parties. pulte mortgage uses these resources to finance its lending activities until the loans are sold in the secondary market, which generally occurs within 30 days.
pulte mortgage maintains a master repurchase agreement with third party lenders (the "repurchase agreement") that matures on july 28, 2022. the maximum aggregate commitment was $650.0 million during the seasonally high borrowing period from december 27, 2021 through january 13, 2022. at all other times, the maximum aggregate commitment ranges from $460.0 million to $550.0 million. the purpose of the changes in capacity during the term of the agreement is to lower associated fees during seasonally lower volume periods of mortgage origination activity. borrowings under the repurchase agreement are secured by residential mortgage loans available-for-sale. the repurchase agreement contains various affirmative and negative covenants applicable to pulte mortgage, including quantitative thresholds related to net worth, net income, and liquidity. pulte mortgage had $626.1 million and $411.8 million outstanding under the repurchase agreement at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, and was in compliance with its covenants and requirements as of such dates.
dividends and share repurchase program we declared quarterly cash dividends totaling $148.1 million and $135.1 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, and repurchased 17.7 million and 4.5 million shares in 2021 and 2020, respectively, for a total of $897.3 million and $170.7 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. on april 26, 2021, our board of directors approved an additional share repurchase authorization of $1.0 billion. at december 31, 2021, we had remaining authorization to repurchase $457.6 million of common shares. this repurchase authorization was increased by $1.0 billion on january 31, 2022.
contractual obligations we are a party to many contractual obligations involving commitments to make payments to third parties. these obligations impact our short-term and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. certain contractual obligations are reflected on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2021, while others are considered future commitments. our contractual obligations primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, purchase obligations related to expected acquisitions and development of land, operating leases, and obligations under our various compensation and benefit plans.
we use letters of credit and surety bonds to guarantee our performance under various contracts, principally in connection with the development of our homebuilding projects. the expiration dates of the letter of credit contracts coincide with the expected completion date of the related homebuilding projects. if the obligations related to a project are ongoing, annual extensions of the letters of credit are typically granted on a year-to-year basis. at december 31, 2021, we had outstanding letters of credit of $298.8 million. our surety bonds generally do not have stated expiration dates; rather, we are released from the bonds as the contractual performance is completed. these bonds, which approximated $1.8 billion at december 31, 2021, are typically outstanding over a period of approximately three to five years. because significant construction and development work has been performed related to the applicable projects but has not yet received final acceptance by the respective counterparties, the aggregate amount of surety bonds outstanding is in excess of the projected cost of the remaining work to be performed.
in the ordinary course of business, we enter into land option agreements in order to procure land for the construction of houses in the future. at december 31, 2021, these agreements had an aggregate remaining purchase price of $5.5 billion. pursuant to these land option agreements, we provide a deposit to the seller as consideration for the right to purchase land at different times in the future, usually at predetermined prices. at december 31, 2021, outstanding deposits totaled $254.4 million, of which $20.0 million is refundable.
for further information regarding our primary obligations, refer to note 5, "debt" and note 11, "commitments and contingencies" to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on 10-k for amounts outstanding as of december 31, 2021, related to debt and commitments and contingencies, respectively.
cash flows operating activities net cash provided by operating activities in 2021 was $1.0 billion, compared with net cash provided by operating activities of $1.8 billion in 2020. generally, the primary drivers of our cash flow from operations are profitability and changes in inventory levels and residential mortgage loans available-for-sale, each of which experiences seasonal fluctuations. our positive cash flow from operations for 2021 was primarily due to our net income of $1.9 billion, which was partially offset by a $1.3 billion increase in inventories which was primarily attributable to higher house inventory in production resulting from higher sales activity and extended production cycle times combined with higher investment in land inventory to support future growth. cash flow from operations was also favorably impacted by $395.3 million more in customer deposits resulting from the higher order backlog but unfavorably impacted by an increase of $382.8 million in residential mortgage loans available-for-sale resulting from higher loan originations to support revenue growth.
net cash provided by operating activities in 2020 was primarily due to our net income of $1.4 billion.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $124.1 million in 2021, compared with $107.9 million in 2020. the 2021 cash outflows primarily reflect $101.6 million of investments in unconsolidated entities primarily in support of our land development activities and capital expenditures of $72.8 million related to our ongoing investment in new communities and certain information technology applications. the outflows were partially offset by distributions from unconsolidated entities of $53.9 million.
net cash used in investing activities in 2020 primarily reflected our acquisition of icg in january 2020 for $83.3 million as well as capital expenditures of $58.4 million.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities was $1.7 billion in 2021 compared with $295.6 million during 2020. the net cash used in financing activities for 2021 resulted primarily from the repurchase of 17.7 million common shares for $897.3 million under our repurchase authorization, repayments of debt of $836.9 million, and cash dividends of $147.8 million, partially offset by net financial services borrowings of $214.3 million.
net cash used in financing activities for 2020 resulted primarily from the repurchase of 4.5 million common shares for $170.7 million under our repurchase authorization, repayments of debt of $65.3 million, and cash dividends of $130.2 million.
seasonality although significant changes in market conditions have impacted our seasonal patterns in the past and could do so again, we historically experience variability in our quarterly results from operations due to the seasonal nature of the homebuilding industry. we generally experience increases in revenues and cash flow from operations during the fourth quarter based on the timing of home closings. this seasonal activity increases our working capital requirements in our third and fourth quarters to support our home production and loan origination volumes. as a result of the seasonality of our operations, our quarterly results of operations are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the full year. additionally, given the disruption in economic activity caused by the covid-19 pandemic, our quarterly results in 2021 and 2020 are not necessarily indicative of results that may be achieved in the future.
supplemental guarantor financial information as of december 31, 2021 pultegroup, inc. had outstanding $2.0 billion principal amount of unsecured senior notes due at dates from march 2026 through february 2035 and no amounts outstanding on its revolving credit facility.
all of our unsecured senior notes and the revolving credit facility are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a joint and several basis, by certain subsidiaries of pultegroup, inc. ("guarantors" or "guarantor subsidiaries"). each of the guarantor subsidiaries is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by pultegroup, inc. our subsidiaries associated with our financial services operations and certain other subsidiaries do not guarantee the unsecured senior notes or the revolving credit facility (collectively, "non-guarantor subsidiaries"). the guarantees are senior unsecured obligations of each guarantor and rank equal with all existing and future senior debt of such guarantor and senior to all subordinated debt of such guarantor. the guarantees are effectively subordinated to any secured debt of such guarantor to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt.
a court could void or subordinate any guarantor's guarantee under the fraudulent conveyance laws if existing or future creditors of any such guarantor were successful in establishing that such guarantor:
(a) incurred the guarantee with the intent of hindering, delaying or defrauding creditors; or
(b) received less than reasonably equivalent value or fair consideration in return for incurring the guarantee and, in the case of and any one of the following is also true at the time thereof:
•the incurrence of the guarantee left such guarantor with an unreasonably small amount of capital or assets to carry on its business;
•such guarantor intended to, or believed that it would, incur debts beyond its ability to pay as they mature;
•such guarantor was a defendant in an action for money damages, or had a judgment for money damages docketed against it, if the judgment is unsatisfied after final judgment.
the measures of insolvency for purposes of determining whether a fraudulent conveyance occurred would vary depending upon the laws of the relevant jurisdiction and upon the valuation assumptions and methodology applied by the court. however, in general, a court would deem a company insolvent if:
•the sum of its debts, including contingent and unliquidated liabilities, was greater than the fair saleable value of all of its assets;
•the present fair saleable value of its assets was less than the amount that would be required to pay its probable liability on its existing debts, including contingent liabilities, as they become absolute and mature; or
•it could not pay its debts as they became due.
the guarantees of the senior notes contain a provision to limit each guarantor's liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent transfer. however, under recent case law, this provision may not be effective to protect such guarantee from being voided under fraudulent transfer law or otherwise determined to be unenforceable. if a court were to find that the incurrence of a guarantee was a fraudulent transfer or conveyance, the court could void the payment obligations under that guarantee, could subordinate that guarantee to presently existing and future indebtedness of the guarantor or could require the holders of the senior notes to repay any amounts received with respect to that guarantee. in the event of a finding that a fraudulent transfer or conveyance occurred, holders may not receive any repayment on the senior notes.
finally, as a court of equity, a bankruptcy court may subordinate the claims in respect of the guarantees to other claims against us under the principle of equitable subordination if the court determines that (1) the holder of senior notes engaged in some type of inequitable conduct, (2) the inequitable conduct resulted in injury to our other creditors or conferred an unfair advantage upon the holders of senior notes and (3) equitable subordination is not inconsistent with the provisions of the bankruptcy code.
on the basis of historical financial information, operating history and other factors, we believe that each of the guarantors, after giving effect to the issuance of the guarantees when such guarantees were issued, was not insolvent, did not have unreasonably small capital for the business in which it engaged and did not and has not incurred debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature. we cannot assure you, however, as to what standard a court would apply in making these determinations or that a court would agree with our conclusions in this regard.
the following tables present summarized financial information for pultegroup, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries on a combined basis after intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated among pultegroup, inc. and the guarantor subsidiaries, as well as their investment in and equity in earnings from the non-guarantor subsidiaries ($000's omitted):
pultegroup, inc. and guarantor subsidiaries summarized balance sheet data                                                                     december 31, assets                                                            2021   2020
total assets                                          11,658,352                              11,028,911
liabilities accounts payable, customer deposits,                        $2,788,465                              $2,101,427
accrued and other liabilities notes payable                                          2,029,044                               2,752,302
total liabilities                                      4,986,491                               4,948,275
years ended december 31, summarized statement of operations data                            2021   2020
income before income taxes                              2,213,419                          1,510,185
critical accounting estimates the preparation of the company's financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles and the discussion and analysis of its financial condition and operating results requires management to make estimates and assumptions, including estimates about the future resolution of existing uncertainties that affect the amounts reported. as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. management bases its estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions it believes to be reasonable under the circumstances. we believe the following critical accounting estimates reflect the more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. for a discussion of all of our significant accounting policies, refer to note 1, "summary of significant account policies".
inventory and cost of revenues cost of revenues includes the construction cost, average lot cost, estimated warranty costs, and closing costs applicable to the home. the construction cost of the home includes amounts paid through the closing date of the home, plus an accrual for costs incurred but not yet paid, based on an analysis of budgeted construction costs. this accrual is reviewed for accuracy based on actual payments made after closing compared with the amount accrued, and adjustments are made if needed. land acquisition and development costs are allocated to individual lots using an average lot cost determined based on the total expected land acquisition and development costs and the total expected home closings for the community. total community land acquisition and development costs are based on an analysis of budgeted costs compared with actual costs incurred to date and estimates to complete. the development cycles for our communities range from under one year to in excess of ten years for certain master planned communities. adjustments to estimated total land acquisition and development costs for the community affect the amounts costed for the community's remaining lots.
we test inventory for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the undiscounted cash flows estimated to be generated by the community may be less than its carrying amount. such indicators include gross margins or sales paces significantly below expectations, construction costs or land development costs significantly in excess of budgeted amounts, significant delays or changes in the planned development for the community, and other known qualitative factors. communities that demonstrate potential impairment indicators are tested for impairment by comparing the expected undiscounted cash flows for the community to its carrying value. for those communities whose carrying values exceed the expected undiscounted cash flows, we determine the fair value of the community and impairment charges are recorded if the fair value of the community's inventory is less than its carrying value.
we generally determine the fair value of each community using a combination of discounted cash flow models and market comparable transactions, where available. these estimated cash flows are significantly impacted by estimates related to expected average selling prices, expected sales paces, expected land development and construction timelines, and anticipated land development, construction, and overhead costs. the assumptions used in the discounted cash flow models are specific to each community. due to uncertainties in the estimation process, the significant volatility in demand for new housing, the long life cycles of many communities, and potential changes in our strategy related to certain communities, actual results could differ significantly from such estimates.
generally, a community must have projected gross margin percentages in the mid-single digits or lower to potentially fail the undiscounted cash flow step and proceed to the fair value step. our overall gross margin realized during 2021 and our average gross margin in backlog at december 31, 2021 both exceeded 20%, and we have only a small minority of communities with gross margins below 10%. however, in the event of an extended economic slowdown that leads to moderate or significant decreases in the price of new homes in certain geographic or buyer submarkets, we could have a larger number of communities that begin to approach these levels such that more detailed impairment analyses would be necessary, and the resulting impairments could be material. additionally, we have $404.9 million of deposits and pre-acquisition costs at december 31, 2021 related to option agreements to acquire additional land. in the event of an extended economic slowdown, we could elect to cancel a large portion of such land option agreements, which would generally result in the write-off of the related deposits and pre-acquisition costs.
self-insured risks at any point in time, we are managing approximately 1,000 individual claims related to general liability, property, errors and omission, workers compensation, and other business insurance coverage. we reserve for costs associated with such claims (including expected claims management expenses) on an undiscounted basis at the time product revenue is recognized for each home closing and periodically evaluate the recorded liabilities based on actuarial analyses of our historical claims. the actuarial analyses calculate estimates of the ultimate cost of all unpaid losses, including estimates for incurred but not reported losses ("ibnr"). ibnr represents losses related to claims incurred but not yet reported plus development on reported claims.
our recorded reserves for all such claims totaled $627.1 million and $641.8 million at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, the vast majority of which relate to general liability claims. the recorded reserves include loss estimates related to both (i) existing claims and related claim expenses and (ii) ibnr and related claim expenses. liabilities related to ibnr and related claim expenses represented approximately 70% and 68% of the total general liability reserves at december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. the actuarial analyses that determine the ibnr portion of reserves consider a variety of factors, including the frequency and severity of losses, which are based on our historical claims experience supplemented by industry data. the actuarial analyses of the reserves also consider historical third party recovery rates and claims management expenses. because of the inherent uncertainty in estimating future losses related to these claims, actual costs could differ significantly from estimated costs. based on the actuarial analyses performed, we believe the range of reasonably possible losses related to these claims is $525 million to $725 million. while this range represents our best estimate of our ultimate liability related to these claims, due to a variety of factors, including those factors described above, there can be no assurance that the ultimate costs realized by us will fall within this range.
volatility in both national and local housing market conditions can affect the frequency and cost of construction defect claims. additionally, ibnr estimates comprise the majority of our liability and are subject to a high degree of uncertainty due to a variety of factors, including changes in claims reporting and resolution patterns, third party recoveries, insurance industry practices, the regulatory environment, and legal precedent. state regulations vary, but construction defect claims are reported and resolved over an extended period often exceeding ten years. changes in the frequency and timing of reported claims and estimates of specific claim values can impact the underlying inputs and trends utilized in the actuarial analyses, which could have a material impact on the recorded reserves. additionally, the amount of insurance coverage available for each policy period also impacts our recorded reserves. because of the inherent uncertainty in estimating future losses and the timing of such losses related to these claims, actual costs could differ significantly from estimated costs.
adjustments to reserves are recorded in the period in which the change in estimate occurs. during 2021 and 2020, we reduced general liability reserves by $81.1 million and $93.4 million, respectively, as a result of changes in estimates resulting from actual claim experience observed being less than anticipated in previous actuarial projections. the changes in actuarial estimates were driven by changes in actual claims experience that, in turn, impacted actuarial estimates for potential future claims. these changes in actuarial estimates did not involve any changes in actuarial methodology but did impact the development of estimates for future periods, which resulted in adjustments to the ibnr portion of our recorded liabilities. there were no material adjustments to individual claims. rather, the adjustments reflect an overall lower level of losses related to construction defect claims in recent years as compared with our previous experience. we attribute this favorable experience to a variety of factors, including improved construction techniques, rising home values, and increased participation from our subcontractors in resolving claims.