item 1a. risk factors the registrants face various risks associated with their businesses. our businesses, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. in addition, this report also contains forward-looking and other statements about our businesses that are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. see "forward-looking information," "item 1. business," "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and note 14 to the financial statements for additional information concerning the risks described below and for other risks, uncertainties and factors that could impact our businesses and financial results.
as used in this item 1a., the terms "we," "our" and "us" generally refer to ppl and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole, or ppl electric and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the pennsylvania regulated segment discussion and its consolidated subsidiaries taken as a whole within the kentucky regulated segment discussion.
order of subsection presentation a.risks related to registrant holding company b.risks related to regulated utility operations c.risks specific to kentucky regulated segment d.risks specific to pennsylvania regulated segment e.risks related to all segments
a. risk related to registrant holding company ppl is a holding company and its cash flows and ability to meet its obligations with respect to indebtedness and under guarantees, and its ability to pay dividends, largely depends on the financial performance of its respective subsidiaries and, as a result, is effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of those subsidiaries.
ppl is a holding company and conducts its operations primarily through subsidiaries. substantially all of the consolidated assets of ppl are held by its subsidiaries. accordingly, ppl's cash flows and ability to meet debt and guaranty obligations, as well as ppl's ability to pay dividends, are largely dependent upon the earnings of those subsidiaries and the distribution or other payment of such earnings in the form of dividends, distributions, loans, advances or repayment of loans and advances. the subsidiaries are separate legal entities and have no obligation to pay dividends or distributions to their parents or to make funds available for such a payment. the ability of ppl's subsidiaries to pay dividends or distributions in the future will depend on the subsidiaries' future earnings and cash flows and the needs of their businesses, and may be restricted by their obligations to holders of their outstanding debt and other creditors, as well as any contractual or legal restrictions in effect at such time, including the requirements of state corporate law applicable to payment of dividends and distributions, and regulatory requirements, including restrictions on the ability of ppl electric, lg&e and ku to pay dividends under section 305(a) of the federal power act.
because ppl is a holding company, its debt and guaranty obligations are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities of its subsidiaries. although certain agreements to which certain subsidiaries are parties limit their ability to incur additional indebtedness, ppl and its subsidiaries retain the ability to incur substantial additional indebtedness and other liabilities. therefore, ppl's rights and the rights of its creditors, including rights of debt holders, to participate in the assets of any of its subsidiaries, in the event that such a subsidiary is liquidated or reorganized, will be subject to the prior claims of such subsidiary's creditors.
b. risks related to regulated utility operations our regulated utility businesses face many of the same risks, in addition to those risks that are unique to each of the kentucky regulated and pennsylvania regulated segments. set forth below are risk factors common to both domestic regulated segments, followed by sections identifying separately the risks specific to each of these segments.
our profitability is highly dependent on our ability to recover the costs of providing energy and utility services to our customers and earn an adequate return on our capital investments. regulators may not approve the rates we request and existing rates may be challenged.
the rates we charge our utility customers must be approved by one or more federal or state regulatory commissions, including the ferc, kpsc, vscc and puc. although rate regulation is generally premised on the recovery of prudently incurred costs and a reasonable rate of return on invested capital, there can be no assurance that regulatory authorities will consider all of our costs to have been prudently incurred or that the regulatory process by which rates are determined will always result in rates that achieve full or timely recovery of our costs or an adequate return on our capital investments. federal or state agencies, intervenors and other permitted parties may challenge our current or future rate requests, structures or mechanisms, and ultimately reduce, alter or limit the rates we receive. although our rates are generally regulated based on an analysis of our costs incurred in a base year or on future projected costs, the rates we are allowed to charge may or may not match our costs at any given time. our regulated utility businesses are subject to substantial capital expenditure requirements over the next several years, which may require rate increase requests to the regulators in the future. if our costs are not adequately recovered through rates, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
our utility businesses are subject to significant and complex governmental regulation.
in addition to regulating the rates we charge, various federal and state regulatory authorities regulate many aspects of our domestic utility operations, including:
•the terms and conditions of our service and operations;
•financial and capital structure matters;
•siting, construction and operation of facilities;
•mandatory reliability and safety standards under the energy policy act of 2005 and other standards of conduct;
•accounting, depreciation and cost allocation methodologies;
•affiliate transactions;
•acquisition and disposal of utility assets and issuance of securities; and
•various other matters, including energy efficiency.
such regulations or changes thereto may subject us to higher operating costs or increased capital expenditures and failure to comply could result in sanctions or possible penalties which may not be recoverable from customers.
our regulated businesses undertake significant capital projects and these activities are subject to unforeseen costs, delays or failures, as well as risk of inadequate recovery of resulting costs.
the regulated utility businesses are capital intensive and require significant investments in energy generation (in the case of lg&e and ku) and transmission, distribution and other infrastructure projects, such as projects for environmental compliance and system reliability. the completion of these projects without delays or cost overruns is subject to risks in many areas, including:
•approval, licensing and permitting;
•land acquisition and the availability of suitable land;
•construction problems or delays, including disputes with third-party intervenors;
•increases in commodity prices or labor rates;
•potential supply chain disruptions or delays; and
•contractor performance.
failure to complete our capital projects on schedule or on budget, or at all, could adversely affect our financial performance, operations and future growth if such expenditures are not granted rate recovery by our regulators.
we are or may be subject to costs of remediation of environmental contamination at facilities owned or operated by our former subsidiaries.
we may be subject to liability for the costs of environmental remediation of property now or formerly owned by us with respect to substances that we may have generated regardless of whether the liabilities arose before, during or after the time we owned or operated the facilities. we also have current or previous ownership interests in sites associated with the production of manufactured gas for which we may be liable for additional costs related to investigation, remediation and monitoring of these sites. remediation activities associated with our former manufactured gas plant operations are one source of such costs. citizen groups or others may bring litigation regarding environmental issues including claims of various types, such as property damage, personal injury and citizen challenges to compliance decisions on the enforcement of environmental requirements, which could subject us to penalties, injunctive relief and the cost of litigation. we cannot predict the amount and timing of future expenditures (including the potential or magnitude of fines or penalties) related to such environmental matters, although they could be material.
we are subject to financial, operational, regulatory and other risks related to requirements, developments and uncertainties in environmental regulation, including those affecting coal-fired generation facilities.
extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to lg&e's and ku's generation supply, including its air emissions, water discharges (elgs) and the management of hazardous and solid wastes (ccrs), among other business-related activities, and the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted and could be material. in addition, our costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws, regulations or similar rules are expanded or changed as the environmental standards governing lg&e's and ku's businesses, particularly as applicable to coal-fired generation and related activities, continue to be subject to uncertainties due to rulemaking and other regulatory developments, legislative activities and litigation, administrative and permit challenges. the biden administration is considering a wide range of potential policies, executive orders, rules, legislation and other initiatives in connection with climate change that may affect these costs. depending on the extent, frequency and timing of such changes, the companies may face higher risks of unsuccessful implementation of environmental-related business plans, noncompliance with applicable environmental rules, delayed or incomplete rate recovery or increased costs of implementation. costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or forfeitures, operational changes, permit limitations or other restrictions. at some of our older generating facilities it may be uneconomic for us to install necessary pollution control equipment, which could cause us to retire those units. market prices for energy and capacity also affect this cost-effectiveness analysis. many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of our key suppliers or customers, such as coal producers, power producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs of their products and demand for our services.
we are subject to operational, regulatory and other risks regarding natural gas supply infrastructure.
a natural gas pipeline explosion or associated incident could have a significant impact on lg&e's natural gas operations or result in significant damages and penalties that could have an adverse impact on lg&e's financial position and results of operations. the pipeline and hazardous materials safety administration enforces regulations that govern the design, construction, operation and maintenance of pipeline facilities. failure to comply with these regulations could result in the assessment of fines or penalties against lg&e. these regulations require, among other things, that pipeline operators take certain measures with respect to pipeline integrity. depending on the results of integrity tests and other integrity program activities, we could incur significant and unexpected costs to perform remedial activities on our natural gas infrastructure to ensure our continued safe and reliable operation. recent pipeline incidents in the u.s. have also led to the introduction of proposed rules and possible federal legislative actions which could impose restrictions on lg&e's operations or require more stringent testing to ensure pipeline integrity. implementation of these regulations could increase our costs to comply with pipeline integrity and safety regulations.
we face competition for transmission projects, which could adversely affect our rate base growth.
ferc order 1000, issued in july 2011, establishes certain procedural and substantive requirements relating to participation, cost allocation and non-incumbent developer aspects of regional and inter-regional electricity transmission planning activities. the ppl electric transmission business, operating under a ferc-approved pjm open access transmission tariff, is subject to competition pursuant to ferc order 1000 from entities that are not incumbent pjm transmission owners with respect to the construction and ownership of transmission facilities within pjm. increased competition can result in lower rate base growth.
we could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to pennsylvania conservation and energy efficiency programs.
ppl electric is subject to act 129, which contains requirements for energy efficiency and conservation programs and for the use of smart metering technology, imposes plr electricity supply procurement rules, provides remedies for market misconduct, and made changes to the existing alternative energy portfolio standard. the law also requires electric utilities to meet specified goals for reduction in customer electricity usage and peak demand. utilities not meeting these act 129 requirements are subject to significant penalties that cannot be recovered in rates. numerous factors outside of our control could prevent compliance with these requirements and result in penalties to us.
the covid-19 pandemic and resultant impact on business and economic conditions could negatively affect our business.
the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted the u.s. and global economies and continues to present challenges to businesses, communities, workforces, markets and increasingly to supply chains. in the u.s. and throughout the world, governmental authorities have taken actions to contain the spread of the virus and mitigate known or foreseeable impacts. in the registrants' service territories, mitigation measures have included quarantines, stay-at-home orders, travel restrictions, reduced operations or closures of businesses, schools and governmental agencies, and executive, legislative or regulatory actions to address health or other pandemic-related concerns. the delta and omicron variants of the virus have extended and exacerbated the risks arising from the pandemic and have led to the extension of many of these remediation strategies. the responses to these variants may continue to affect risks and related remediation efforts going forward, perhaps substantially, and future variants may have similar effects.
until the covid-19 virus is contained, it poses significant risks to the health and welfare of the registrants' customers, employees, contractors and suppliers, and to the conduct of their business. mandates to stay at home, shelter in place, or quarantine and resulting lock-down or closures of non-essential businesses could reduce demand for electricity and gas, and continue to cause shifts in demand between residential, commercial and industrial customers that could negatively impact the registrants' financial condition. customers experiencing financial strain from unemployment, furloughs, or reduced work hours may not be able to pay their bills on a timely basis, which could negatively impact our liquidity. new or changing legislation or regulatory orders may unfavorably impact the registrants or the utility industry generally.
the covid-19 pandemic is also subjecting the registrants to growing shortages that are creating risks of potential equipment and fuel supply chain disruptions. if issues in the supply chains continue, registrants may be forced to rely on a larger pool of suppliers, which could pose operational risks. such suppliers may fail to follow established health, safety and other regulatory standards. additionally, suppliers may need to engage subcontractors that have not been previously vetted, which could result in contractual and regulatory risks. this could also create an inability to effectively monitor a supplier's work or the need to depend on limited contractors, resulting in higher costs and potential financial and reputational risks.
all of these factors have the potential to materially and adversely affect the registrants' business and operations, especially if they remain in effect for a prolonged period of time. at this time, the registrants' cannot predict the extent to which these or other pandemic-related factors may affect their business, earnings or other financial results, as it depends on the duration and scope of the outbreak, the measures undertaken in response and other future developments, all of which are highly uncertain and continue to evolve in response to additional variants. in addition to the factors discussed above, investors should be aware that other covid-19-related risks may emerge in the future and may prove to be significant, including potentially the cost of ongoing remediation efforts, such as testing, and the potential for increased effects on global markets and supply chains. investors should carefully consider the discussion of covid-19 related items presented in this annual report on form 10-k, especially to the extent that the covid-19 pandemic may exacerbate or increase those risks.
our business operations are continually subject to cyber-based security and data integrity risks from vulnerabilities related to our it systems, operational technology infrastructure and supply chain relationships.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of our businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. the operation of our transmission and distribution systems, including gas distribution systems, as well as our generation plants, are all reliant on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that these systems could be the target of disruptive actions by terrorists, nation state actors or criminals or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. attacks may come through ransomware, software updates or patches, use of opensource software, firmware that hackers can manipulate to include malicious codes for exploitation at a later date, or the compromising of hardware by bad actors, creating serious risks to our security, the security of our customers' information, and potentially to our ability to provide power. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information lost or stolen, causing us to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to our reputation. threats to our systems and operations continue to emerge as new ways to compromise components of our systems or networks are developed. additionally, cybersecurity risks also threaten our supply chains, including aspects that are not under our control, such as the incorporation of opensource software in systems or software that we use, that despite our efforts do not meet our current security standards.
in addition, under the energy policy act of 2005, users, owners and operators of the bulk power transmission system, including ppl electric, lg&e and ku, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by nerc and enforced by the ferc. as an operator of natural gas distribution systems, lg&e is also subject to mandatory reliability standards of the u.s. department of transportation and is also subject to certain security directives related to cybersecurity issued by the department of homeland security (dhs) transportation security administration (tsa) in 2021. failure to comply with these standards could result in the imposition of fines or civil penalties, and potential exposure to third party claims for alleged violations of the standards.
we are subject to risks associated with federal and state tax laws and regulations.
changes in tax law as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively impact our results of operations and cash flows. we are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities. these tax obligations include income, property, gross receipts, franchise, sales and use, employment-related and other taxes. we also estimate our ability to utilize deferred tax assets and tax credits. dependent upon the revenue needs of the jurisdictions in which our businesses operate, various tax and fee increases may be proposed or considered. we cannot predict changes in tax law or regulation or the effect of any such changes on our businesses. any such changes could increase tax expense and could have a significant negative impact on our results of operations and cash flows. the effects of the tcja have been reflected in our financial statements, and we continue to evaluate the application of the law in calculating income tax expense.
increases in electricity prices and/or a weak economy, can lead to changes in legislative and regulatory policy, including the promotion of energy efficiency, conservation and distributed generation or self-generation, which may adversely impact our business.
energy consumption is significantly impacted by overall levels of economic activity and costs of energy supplies. economic downturns or periods of high energy supply costs can lead to changes in or the development of legislative and regulatory policy designed to promote reductions in energy consumption and increased energy efficiency, alternative and renewable energy sources, and distributed or self-generation by customers. this focus on conservation, energy efficiency and self-generation may result in a decline in electricity demand, which could adversely affect our business.
we could be negatively affected by rising interest rates, downgrades to our credit ratings, adverse credit market conditions or other negative developments in our ability to access capital markets.
our businesses are capital-intensive and, in the ordinary course of business, we are reliant upon adequate long-term and short-term financing to fund our significant capital expenditures, debt service and operating needs. as a result, we are sensitive to developments in interest rates, credit rating considerations, insurance, security or collateral requirements, market liquidity and credit availability and refinancing opportunities necessary or advisable to respond to credit market changes. changes in these conditions could result in increased costs and decreased availability of credit. in addition, certain sources of debt and equity capital have expressed reservations about investing in companies that rely on fossil fuels. if sources of our capital are reduced, capital costs could increase materially.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could negatively affect our ability to access capital and increase the cost of maintaining our credit facilities and any new debt.
credit ratings assigned by moody's and s&p to our businesses and their financial obligations have a significant impact on the cost of capital incurred by our businesses. a ratings downgrade could increase our short-term borrowing costs and negatively affect our ability to fund liquidity needs and access new long-term debt at acceptable interest rates. see "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - financial condition - liquidity and capital resources - ratings triggers" for additional information on the financial impact of a downgrade in our credit ratings.
our operating revenues could fluctuate on a seasonal basis, especially as a result of extreme weather conditions, including conditions caused or exacerbated by climate change.
our businesses are subject to seasonal demand cycles. for example, in some markets demand for, and market prices of, electricity peak during hot summer months, while in other markets such peaks occur in cold winter months. as a result, our overall operating results may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis if weather conditions diverge adversely from seasonal norms. the effects of climate change may accelerate or magnify fluctuations in our operating results.
operating expenses could be affected by weather conditions, including storms, as well as by significant man-made or accidental disturbances, including terrorism or natural disasters.
weather and other factors can significantly affect our profitability or operations by causing outages, damaging infrastructure and requiring significant repair costs. storm outages and damage often directly decrease revenues and increase expenses, due to reduced usage and restoration costs.
our businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change.
climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electricity. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods, and other climatic events, could disrupt our operations and cause us to incur significant costs to prepare for or respond to these effects. these or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs. greenhouse gas regulation could increase the cost of electricity, particularly power generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could have a depressive effect on regional economies. reduced economic and consumer activity in our service areas -- both generally and specific to certain industries and consumers accustomed to previously lower cost power -- could reduce demand for the power we generate, market and deliver. also, demand for our energy-related services could be similarly lowered by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage. the registrants' responses to such climate-related risks include compliance with evolving governmental policy and developing and implementing strategies designed to meet net zero carbon emissions goals, which may affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we cannot predict the outcome of legal proceedings or investigations related to our businesses in which we are periodically involved. an unfavorable outcome or determination in any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation and periodically are subject to state and federal investigations arising out of our business operations, the most significant of which are summarized in item 1. business and "regulatory matters" in note 7 to the financial statements and in "legal matters" and "regulatory issues" in note 14 to the financial statements. we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these matters, nor can we reasonably estimate the costs or liabilities that could potentially result from a negative outcome in each case.
significant increases in our operation and maintenance expenses, including health care and pension costs, could adversely affect our future earnings and liquidity.
we continually focus on limiting and reducing our operation and maintenance expenses. however, we expect to continue to face increased cost pressures in our operations. increased costs of materials and labor may result from general inflation, increased regulatory requirements (especially in respect of environmental regulations), the need for higher-cost expertise in the workforce or other factors. in addition, pursuant to collective bargaining agreements, we are contractually committed to provide specified levels of health care and pension benefits to certain current employees and retirees. these benefits give rise to significant expenses. due to general inflation with respect to such costs, the aging demographics of our workforce and other factors, we have experienced significant health care cost inflation in recent years, and we expect our health care costs, including prescription drug coverage, to continue to increase despite measures that we have taken and expect to take to require employees and retirees to bear a higher portion of the costs of their health care benefits. in addition, we expect to continue to incur significant costs with respect to the defined benefit pension plans for our employees and retirees. the measurement of our expected future health care and pension obligations, costs and liabilities is highly dependent on a variety of assumptions, most of which relate to factors beyond our control. these assumptions include investment returns, interest rates, health care cost trends, inflation rates, benefit improvements, salary increases and the demographics of plan participants. if our assumptions prove to be inaccurate, our future costs and cash contribution requirements to fund these benefits could increase significantly.
we may incur liabilities in connection with divestitures.
in connection with various divestitures, and certain other transactions, we have indemnified or guaranteed parties against certain liabilities. these indemnities and guarantees relate, among other things, to liabilities which may arise with respect to the period during which we or our subsidiaries operated a divested business, and to certain ongoing contractual relationships and entitlements with respect to which we or our subsidiaries made commitments in connection with the divestiture. see "guarantees and other assurances" in note 14 to the financial statements.
we are subject to liability risks relating to our generation, transmission and distribution operations.
the conduct of our physical and commercial operations subjects us to many risks, including risks of potential physical injury, property damage or other financial liability, caused to or by employees, customers, contractors, vendors, contractual or financial counterparties and other third parties.
our facilities may not operate as planned, which may increase our expenses and decrease our revenues and have an adverse effect on our financial performance.
operation of power plants, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other assets and activities subjects us to a variety of risks, including the breakdown or failure of equipment, accidents, security breaches, viruses or outages affecting information technology systems, labor disputes, obsolescence, delivery/transportation problems and disruptions of fuel supply and performance below expected levels. these events may impact our ability to conduct our businesses efficiently and lead to increased costs, expenses or losses. operation of our delivery systems below our expectations may result in lost revenue and increased expense, including higher maintenance costs, which may not be recoverable from customers. planned and unplanned outages at our power plants may require us to purchase power at then-current market prices to satisfy our commitments or, in the alternative, pay penalties and damages for failure to satisfy them.
although we maintain insurance coverage for certain of these risks, we do not carry insurance for all of these risks and no assurance can be given that such insurance coverage will be sufficient to compensate us in the event losses occur.
we are required to obtain, and to comply with, government permits and approvals.
we are required to obtain, and to comply with, numerous permits, approvals, licenses and certificates from governmental agencies. the process of obtaining and renewing necessary permits can be lengthy and complex and sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or activity for which a permit was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. in addition, such permits or approvals may be subject to denial, revocation or modification under circumstances. failure to obtain or comply with the conditions of permits or approvals, or failure to comply with any applicable laws or regulations, may result in delay or temporary suspension of our operations and electricity sales or the curtailment of our power delivery and may subject us to penalties and other sanctions. although various regulators routinely renew existing licenses, renewal could be denied or jeopardized by various factors, including failure to provide adequate financial assurance for closure; failure to comply with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations or permit conditions; local community, political or other opposition; and executive, legislative or regulatory action.
our cost or inability to obtain and comply with the permits and approvals required for our operations could have a material adverse effect on our operations and cash flows. in addition, new environmental legislation or regulations, if enacted, or changed interpretations of existing laws may elicit claims that historical routine modification activities at our facilities violated applicable laws and regulations. in addition to the possible imposition of fines in such cases, we may be required to undertake significant capital investments in pollution control technology and obtain additional operating permits or approvals, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
war, other armed conflicts or terrorist attacks could have a material adverse effect on our business.
war, terrorist attacks and unrest have caused and may continue to cause instability in the world's financial and commercial markets. in addition, unrest could lead to acts of terrorism in the united states or elsewhere, and acts of terrorism could be directed against companies such as ours. armed conflicts and terrorism and their effects on us or our markets may significantly affect our business and results of operations in the future. in addition, we may incur increased costs for security, including additional physical plant security and security personnel or increased capability following a terrorist incident.
we are subject to counterparty performance, credit or other risk in the provision of goods or services to us, which could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities or conduct business activities.
we purchase from a variety of suppliers energy, capacity, fuel, natural gas, transmission service and certain commodities used in the physical operation of our businesses, as well as goods or services, including information technology rights and services, used in the administration of our businesses. delivery of these goods and services is dependent on the continuing operational performance and financial viability of our contractual counterparties and also the markets, infrastructure or third parties they use to provide such goods and services to us. as a result, we are subject to risks of disruptions, curtailments or increased costs in the operation of our businesses if such goods or services are unavailable or become subject to price spikes or if a counterparty fails to perform. such disruptions could adversely affect our ability to operate our facilities or deliver services and collect revenues, which could result in lower sales and/or higher costs and thereby adversely affect our results of operations. the performance of coal markets and producers may be the subject of increased counterparty risk to lg&e and ku currently due to weaknesses in such markets and suppliers. the coal industry is subject to increasing competitive pressures from natural gas markets, political pressures and new or more stringent environmental regulation, including regulation of combustion byproducts and water inputs or discharges.
we are subject to the risk that our workforce and its knowledge base may become depleted in coming years.
we experience attrition due primarily to retiring employees, with the risk that critical knowledge will be lost and that it may be difficult to replace departed personnel, and to attract and retain new personnel, with appropriate skills and experience.
item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations
this "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" is separately filed by ppl, ppl electric, lg&e and ku. information contained herein relating to any individual registrant is filed by such registrant solely on its own behalf, and no registrant makes any representation as to information relating to any other registrant. the specific registrant to which disclosures are applicable is identified in parenthetical headings in italics above the applicable disclosure or within the applicable disclosure for each registrant's related activities and disclosures. within combined disclosures, amounts are disclosed for individual registrants when significant.
the following should be read in conjunction with the registrants' consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes. capitalized terms and abbreviations are defined in the glossary. dollars are in millions, except per share data, unless otherwise noted.
"management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" includes the following information:
•"overview" provides a description of each registrant's business strategy and a discussion of important financial and operational developments.
•"results of operations" for all registrants includes a "statement of income analysis," which discusses significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing 2021 with 2020. for ppl, "results of operations" also includes "segment earnings" and "adjusted gross margins," which provide a detailed analysis of earnings by reportable segment. these discussions include non-gaap financial measures, including "earnings from ongoing operations" and "adjusted gross margins" and provide explanations of the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of the non-gaap financial measures to the most comparable gaap measure.
•"financial condition - liquidity and capital resources" provides an analysis of the registrants' liquidity positions and credit profiles. this section also includes a discussion of forecasted sources and uses of cash and rating agency actions.
•"financial condition - risk management" provides an explanation of the registrants' risk management programs relating to market and credit risk.
•"application of critical accounting policies" provides an overview of the accounting policies that are particularly important to the results of operations and financial condition of the registrants and that require their management to make significant estimates, assumptions and other judgments of inherently uncertain matters.
for comparison of the registrants' results of operations and cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2019, refer to "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in the 2020 form 10-k, filed with the sec on february 18, 2021.
overview for a description of the registrants and their businesses, see "item 1. business."
business strategy
ppl operates three fully regulated high-performing utilities. these utilities are located in pennsylvania and kentucky, constructive regulatory jurisdictions with distinct regulatory structures and customer classes.
ppl's strategy, which is supported by the other registrants, is to achieve industry-leading performance in safety, reliability, customer satisfaction and operational efficiency; to advance a clean energy transition while maintaining affordability and reliability; to maintain a strong financial foundation and create long-term value for our shareowners; to foster a diverse and exceptional workplace; and to build strong communities in areas that we serve.
central to ppl's and the other registrants' strategy is recovering capital project costs efficiently through various rate-making mechanisms, including periodic base rate case proceedings using forward test years, annual ferc formula rate mechanisms and other regulatory agency-approved recovery mechanisms designed to limit regulatory lag. in kentucky, the kpsc has adopted a series of regulatory mechanisms (ecr, dsm, glt, fuel adjustment clause, and gas supply clause) and recovery on construction work-in-progress that reduce regulatory lag and provide timely recovery of and return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs. in pennsylvania, the ferc transmission formula rate, dsic mechanism, smart meter rider and other recovery mechanisms operate to reduce regulatory lag and provide for timely recovery of and a return on, as appropriate, prudently incurred costs.
in march 2021, ppl entered into definitive agreements that strategically reposition the company as a u.s.-based energy company focused on building the utilities of the future. these transactions are intended to strengthen ppl's credit metrics, enhance long-term earnings growth and predictability, and provide the company with greater financial flexibility to invest in sustainable energy solutions. see note 9 to the financial statements, and the "sale of the u.k. utility business" and "share purchase agreement to acquire narragansett electric" discussions in "financial and operational developments" below for additional information.
financial and operational developments
sale of the u.k. utility business on march 17, 2021, ppl wpd limited (wpd limited) entered into a share purchase agreement (wpd spa) to sell ppl's u.k. utility business to national grid holdings one plc (national grid u.k.), a subsidiary of national grid plc. pursuant to the wpd spa, national grid u.k. would acquire 100% of the issued share capital of ppl wpd investments limited (wpd investments) for £7.8 billion in cash. wpd limited would also receive an additional amount of £548,000 for each day during the period from january 1, 2021 to the closing date if the dividends usually declared by wpd investments to wpd limited were not paid for that period.
on june 14, 2021, the sale of the u.k. utility business was completed. the transaction resulted in cash proceeds of $10.7 billion inclusive of foreign currency hedges executed by ppl. ppl received net proceeds, after taxes and fees, of $10.4 billion, resulting in a pre-tax loss on sale of $1.6 billion. see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information on the sale of the u.k. utility business.
wpd limited and national grid u.k. each made customary representations and warranties in the wpd spa. national grid u.k., at its expense, purchased warranty and indemnity insurance. wpd limited agreed to indemnify national grid u.k. for certain tax related matters. see note 11 to the financial statements for additional information. ppl has not had and will not have any significant involvement with the u.k. utility business after completion of the sale.
share purchase agreement to acquire narragansett electric on march 17, 2021, ppl and its subsidiary, ppl energy holdings, entered into a share purchase agreement (narragansett spa) with national grid usa (national grid u.s.), a subsidiary of national grid plc, to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares of common stock of narragansett electric for approximately $3.8 billion in cash. on may 3, 2021, an assignment and assumption agreement was entered into by ppl, ppl energy holdings, ppl rhode island holdings and national grid u.s. whereby certain interests of ppl energy holdings in the narragansett spa were assigned to and assumed by ppl rhode island holdings. pursuant to that assignment and assumption agreement, ppl rhode island holdings became the purchasing entity under the narragansett spa. the acquisition is expected to be funded with proceeds from the sale of the u.k. utility business. ppl has agreed to guarantee all obligations of ppl energy holdings and ppl rhode island holdings under the narragansett spa and the related assignment and assumption agreement.
the closing of the acquisition is subject to the receipt of certain u.s. regulatory approvals or waivers, and other customary conditions to closing. to date, several required regulatory approvals or waivers have been received, though the order granting the waiver by the massachusetts department of public utilities is subject to a pending appeal. see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information regarding the current status of this appeal. ppl anticipates receiving a final order from the rhode island division of public utilities and carriers with respect to the acquisition by march 2022. the regulatory approvals remain subject to any applicable appeal periods. the consummation of the transaction is not subject to a financing condition.
see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information on the narragansett spa.
debt redemption ppl capital funding paid $3.883 billion to tender and/or redeem an aggregate total of $3.484 billion of outstanding debt during 2021, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of $395 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. see "long term debt" in note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
share repurchases ppl's board of directors authorized share repurchases of up to $3 billion of ppl common shares. during 2021, ppl repurchased 34.8 million shares at a cost of $1.0 billion. see "equity securities" in note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
lke debt redemption on july 1, 2021, lke redeemed, at par, its $250 million 4.375% senior notes due 2021 and on july 9, 2021, lke filed a form 15 with the sec to suspend its duty to file reports under sections 13 and 15(d) of the securities exchange act of 1934. as a result, beginning with the june 30, 2021 form 10-q, lke was no longer reported as a registrant.
u.k. corporation tax rate change in 2021, the u.k. finance act 2021 increased the u.k. corporation tax rate from 19% to 25%, effective april 1, 2023. the primary impact of the corporation tax rate increase was an increase in deferred tax liabilities of the u.k. utility business, which was sold on june 14, 2021, and a corresponding deferred tax expense of $383 million, which was recognized in continuing operations in the second quarter of 2021.
regulatory requirements
the registrants cannot predict the impact that future regulatory requirements may have on their financial condition or results of operations.
environmental considerations for coal-fired generation (ppl, lg&e and ku)
the businesses of lg&e and ku are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental laws, rules and regulations, including those pertaining to ccrs, ghg, and elgs. see notes 7, 14 and 20 to the financial statements for a discussion of these significant environmental matters. these and other environmental requirements led ppl, lg&e and ku to retire approximately 1,200 mw of coal-fired generating plants in kentucky since 2010. as part of the long-term generation planning process, lg&e and ku evaluate a range of factors including the impact of potential stricter environmental regulations, fuel price scenarios, the cost of replacement generation, continued operations and major maintenance costs and the risk of major equipment failures in determining when to retire generation assets. as a result of environmental requirements and aging infrastructure, lg&e anticipates retiring two older coal-fired units at the mill creek plant and ku anticipates retiring one coal-fired unit at the e.w. brown plant. mill creek unit 1 has 300 mw of capacity and is expected to be retired in 2024. mill creek unit 2 and e.w. brown unit 3 have capacities of 297 mw and 412 mw and are expected to be retired in 2028. lg&e and ku anticipate earning recovery of and return on any remaining net book value of these assets through the retired asset recovery (rar) rider. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information related to the rar rider.
ppl electric transmission formula rate return on equity (ppl and ppl electric)
on may 21, 2020, pp&l industrial customer alliance (pplica) filed a complaint with the ferc alleging that ppl electric's base return on equity (roe) of 11.18% used to determine ppl electric's formula transmission rate was unjust and unreasonable.
on august 20, 2021, ppl electric entered into a settlement agreement (the settlement) with pplica and all other parties, including intervenors, with respect to the complaint filed by pplica on may 21, 2020.
•changes to ppl electric's base roe:
◦beginning on june 1, 2023, the roe shall be 10.00%, which shall continue in effect unless and until changed as permitted by the terms of the settlement;
•changes the equity component of ppl electric's capital structure to be the lower of (i) ppl electric's actual equity component, calculated in accordance with the formula rate template, or (ii) 56.00%;
•allows modification of the current formula rate based on a historic test year to a projected test year.
in 2021, ppl electric recorded a revenue reduction of $78 million ($55 million after-tax), of which $73 million ($52 million after-tax) represents revenue subject to refund for the period may 21, 2020 through november 30, 2021. the reduction recorded includes $28 million ($20 million after-tax) related to the period from may 21, 2020 to december 31, 2020. the $73 million of revenue to be refunded will be returned to customers from january 1, 2022 through may 31, 2022 and is based on the difference between charges that were calculated using the roe in effect at the time and charges calculated using the revised roe provided for the settlement, plus interest at the ferc interest rate.
in 2018, lg&e and ku applied to the ferc requesting elimination of certain on-going credits to a sub-set of transmission customers relating to the 1998 merger of lg&e's and ku's parent entities and the 2006 withdrawal of lg&e and ku from the midcontinent independent system operator, inc. (miso), a regional transmission operator and energy market. the application sought termination of lg&e's and ku's commitment to provide certain kentucky municipalities mitigation for certain horizontal market power concerns arising out of the 1998 lg&e and ku merger and 2006 miso withdrawal. the amounts at issue are generally waivers or credits granted to a limited number of kentucky municipalities for either certain lg&e and ku or miso transmission charges incurred for transmission service received. in 2019, the ferc granted lg&e's and ku's request to remove the ongoing credits, conditioned upon the implementation by lg&e and ku of a transition mechanism for certain existing power supply arrangements, which was subsequently filed, modified, and approved by the ferc in 2020 and 2021. in 2020, lg&e and ku and other parties filed appeals with the d.c. circuit court of appeals regarding ferc's orders on the elimination of the mitigation and required transition mechanism. oral arguments in the appellate proceeding occurred on february 14, 2022. lg&e and ku cannot predict the outcome of the respective appellate and ferc proceedings. lg&e and ku currently receive recovery of the waivers and credits provided through other rate mechanisms and such rate recovery would be anticipated to be adjusted consistent with potential changes or terminations of the waivers and credits, as such become effective.
on november 25, 2020, lg&e and ku filed requests with the kpsc for an increase in annual electricity and gas revenues of approximately $331 million ($131 million and $170 million in electricity revenues at lg&e and ku and $30 million in gas revenues at lg&e). the revenue increases represented an increase of 11.6% and 10.4% in electricity revenues at lg&e and ku, and an increase of 8.3% in gas revenues at lg&e. in recognition of the economic impact of covid-19, lg&e and ku requested approval of a one-year billing credit which will credit customers approximately $53 million ($41 million at lg&e and $12 million at ku). the billing credit represents the return to customers of certain regulatory liabilities on lg&e's and ku's balance sheets and serves to partially mitigate the rate increases during the first year in which the new rates are in effect.
lg&e's and ku's applications also included a request for a cpcn to deploy advanced metering infrastructure across lg&e's and ku's service territories in kentucky.
the applications were based on a forecasted test year of july 1, 2021 through june 30, 2022 and requested an authorized return on equity of 10.0%.
on april 19, 2021, lg&e and ku entered into an agreement with all intervening parties to the proceedings resolving all matters in their applications, with the explicit exception of lg&e's and ku's net metering proposals.
on june 30, 2021 and december 6, 2021, the kpsc issued orders approving the proposed agreement filed in april 2021, with certain modifications. the orders provided for increases in annual revenues of $207 million ($74 million and $110 million in electricity revenues at lg&e and ku and $23 million in gas revenues at lg&e) based on an authorized return on equity of
9.425%. the orders grant an authorized 9.35% return on equity for the ecr and glt mechanisms and do not modify the requested one-year billing credit. the orders approved the cpcn to deploy advanced metering infrastructure and provide regulatory asset treatment for the remaining net book value of legacy meters upon full implementation of the advanced metering infrastructure program. the orders also approved the establishment of a retired asset recovery (rar) rider to provide for recovery of and return on the remaining investment in certain electric generating units upon their retirement over a ten-year period following retirement. in respect of the rar rider, lg&e and ku continue to use currently approved depreciation rates for mill creek units 1 and 2 and brown unit 3. the orders also approved a four-year "stay out" commitment from lg&e and ku to refrain from effective base rate increases before july 1, 2025, subject to certain exceptions. on september 24, 2021, the kpsc issued orders providing adjustments to previous net metering proposals. these adjustments did not impact the annual revenue increases.
on august 31, 2021, ku filed a request with the vscc for an annual increase in virginia base electricity rates of approximately $12 million. ku's request is based on an authorized 10.4% return on equity. a hearing on the matter is scheduled for march 17, 2022. subject to regulatory review and approval, new rates would become effective june 1, 2022.
the "statement of income analysis" discussion below describes significant changes in principal line items on ppl's statements of income, comparing 2021 with 2020. the "segment earnings" and "adjusted gross margins" discussions for ppl provide a review of results by reportable segment. these discussions include non-gaap financial measures, including "earnings from ongoing operations" and "adjusted gross margins," and provide explanations of the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable gaap measure.
a "statement of income analysis" is presented separately for ppl electric, lg&e and ku. the "statement of income analysis" discussion below describes significant changes in principal line items on the statements of income, comparing 2021 with 2020. the results of operations section for ppl electric, lg&e and ku is presented in a reduced disclosure format in accordance with general instructions (i)(2)(a) of form 10-k.
ppl: statement of income analysis, segment earnings and adjusted gross margins statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes                             521                     954                     (433)
ppl electric transmission formula rate (b)                                        (35)
lg&amp;e economic relief billing credit, net of amortization of $9                (12)
(a)    the increase was primarily the result of higher energy prices and higher customer usage, partially offset by higher volumes of shopping customers.
(b)    the decrease was primarily due to a reduction in the transmission formula rate return on equity and a lower ppl zonal peak load billing factor, partially offset by returns on additional transmission capital investments and return of related depreciation expense. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information on the transmission formula rate return on equity reduction.
(c)    the increases were primarily due to higher recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to higher commodity costs.
fuel fuel increased $78 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a $59 million increase at ku due to a $39 million increase in commodity costs and a $19 million increase in volumes driven by weather as well a $19 million increase at lg&e due to a $10 million increase in volumes driven by weather and an $8 million increase in commodity costs.
energy purchases energy purchases increased $118 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a $75 million increase at ppl electric due to higher plr prices of $40 million and higher plr volumes of $28 million, and a $42 million increase at lg&e primarily due to a $35 million increase in commodity costs and a $6 million increase in gas volumes driven by weather.
ppl electric storm costs                                                  $20
charges related to the acquisition of narragansett electric                26
charges related to the sale of the u. k. utility business                   8
additions to pp&amp;e, net                                 $36
depreciation rate change effective july 2021                11
defined benefit plans - non-service credits (note 12)               $23
charitable contributions                                           (11)
change in pre-tax income                                                  $(116)
(a)in 2021, ppl recorded a $31 million state deferred tax benefit on a net operating loss and an offsetting valuation allowance in connection with the loss on extinguishment associated with a tender offer to purchase and retire ppl capital funding's outstanding senior notes. see note 8 for additional information on the tender offer.
(b)the u.k. corporation tax rate was scheduled to be reduced from 19% to 17%, effective april 1, 2020. in 2020, the u.k. finance act 2020 cancelled the tax rate reduction to 17%, thereby maintaining the corporation tax rate at 19% for financial years 2020 and 2021. the primary impact of the cancellation of the corporation tax rate reduction was an increase in deferred tax liabilities and a corresponding deferred tax expense of $106 million. in 2021, the u.k. finance act 2021 increased the u.k. corporation tax rate from 19% to 25%, effective april 1, 2023. the primary impact of the corporation tax rate increase was an increase in deferred tax liabilities of the u.k. utility business, which was sold on june 14, 2021, and a corresponding deferred tax expense of $383 million.
see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information on income taxes.
income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes) decreased $2,327 million in 2021 compared with 2020. the decrease was attributable primarily to the 2021 loss on sale of the u.k. utility business of $1,609 million and an increase in income tax expense of $571 million. see "discontinued operations" in note 9 to the financial statements for summarized results of the operations of the u.k. utility business.
change
(a)primarily represents financing and certain other costs incurred at the corporate level that have not been allocated or assigned to the segments, which are presented to reconcile segment information to ppl's consolidated results.
(b)the amount for 2020 has been adjusted for certain costs that were previously included in the u.k. regulated segment.
(c)see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information.
earnings from ongoing operations management utilizes "earnings from ongoing operations" as a non-gaap financial measure that should not be considered as an alternative to net income, an indicator of operating performance determined in accordance with gaap. ppl believes that earnings from ongoing operations is useful and meaningful to investors because it provides management's view of ppl's earnings performance as another criterion in making investment decisions. in addition, ppl's management uses earnings from ongoing operations in measuring achievement of certain corporate performance goals, including targets for certain executive incentive compensation. other companies may use different measures to present financial performance.
earnings from ongoing operations is adjusted for the impact of special items. special items are presented in the financial tables on an after-tax basis with the related income taxes on special items separately disclosed. income taxes on special items, when applicable, are calculated based on the statutory tax rate of the entity where the activity is recorded. special items may include items such as:
•    gains and losses on sales of assets not in the ordinary course of business.
•    significant workforce reduction and other restructuring effects.
•    acquisition and divestiture-related adjustments.
•    other charges or credits that are, in management's view, non-recurring or otherwise not reflective of the company's ongoing operations.
change
(a)the amount for 2020 has been adjusted for certain costs that were previously included in the u.k. regulated segment.
see "reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations" below for a reconciliation of this non-gaap financial measure to net income.
kentucky regulated segment the kentucky regulated segment consists primarily of lg&e's and ku's regulated electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations, as well as lg&e's regulated distribution and sale of natural gas.
change
interest expense with affiliate (a)              53                      77                      (24)
less: special items                               3                     (5)                         8
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the kentucky regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations:
income statement line item             2021                2020
strategic corporate initiatives, net of tax of $0, $0 (b)         other income (expense)                            (1)               -
(a)adjustment of valuation allowances related to certain tax credits recorded in 2017 as a result of the tcja.
(b)costs incurred related to ppl's strategic repositioning.
(c)incremental costs for outside services, customer payment processing, personal protective equipment and other safety related actions associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
the changes in the components of the kentucky regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as kentucky adjusted gross margins and the items that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line item.
interest expense with affiliate                 24
special items, after-tax                         8
•see "adjusted gross margins - changes in adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of kentucky adjusted gross margins.
•higher other operation and maintenance expense in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a $24 million increase in administrative and general expenses, an $18 million increase in plant operations and maintenance, an $8 million increase in electric distribution operations and maintenance, a $7 million increase in plant outage expenses, a $6 million increase in electric transmission operations and maintenance, a $6 million increase due to certain ecr and glt expenses transferred to base rates as a result of the 2020 kentucky rate case and various support costs and other items that were not individually significant.
•higher depreciation expense in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to a $60 million increase related to certain ecr and glt depreciation expenses transferred to base rates as a result of the 2020 kentucky rate case, a $21 million increase due to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements and a $9 million increase due to higher depreciation rates, effective july 1, 2021.
•lower interest expense, inclusive of affiliate interest, in 2021 compared to 2020, primarily due to $40 million of interest costs allocated to the kentucky regulated segment in 2020 that were not allocated in 2021 and a $7 million decrease due to lower interest rates.
pennsylvania regulated segment the pennsylvania regulated segment includes the regulated electricity transmission and distribution operations of ppl electric.
change
less: special items                         (20)                     (1)                      (19)
the following after-tax gains (losses), which management considers special items, impacted the pennsylvania regulated segment's results and are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations:
income statement line item             2021                  2020
transmission formula rate return on equity settlement, net of tax of $8, $0 (a)        operating revenues                              $(20)                 $-
(a)represents the portion of the revenue reduction recognized in the december 31, 2021, statement of income related to the period from may 21, 2020 through december 31, 2020. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)incremental costs for outside services, personal protective equipment and other safety related actions associated with the covid-19 pandemic.
the changes in the components of the pennsylvania regulated segment's results between these periods were due to the factors set forth below, which reflect amounts classified as pennsylvania adjusted gross margins and the items that management considers special on separate lines and not in their respective statement of income line items.
special items, after-tax                         (19)
•see "adjusted gross margins - changes in adjusted gross margins" for an explanation of pennsylvania adjusted gross margins.
•higher other operation and maintenance expense in 2021 compared with 2020 primarily due to an increase in corporate support costs.
reconciliation of earnings from ongoing operations the following tables contain after-tax gains (losses), in total, which management considers special items, that are excluded from earnings from ongoing operations, and a reconciliation to ppl's "net income" for the years ended december 31:
less: special items (expense) benefit:
talen litigation costs, net of tax of $4 (b)                                                   -                  -                               (16)                            -                          (16)
strategic corporate initiatives, net of tax of $0, $0, $2 (c)                                (1)                  -                                (8)                            -                           (9)
transmission formula rate return on equity settlement, net of tax of $8                        -                  (20)                               -                            -                          (20)
acquisition integration, net of tax of $6 (e)                                                  -                  -                               (22)                            -                          (22)
u.k. tax rate change (f)                                                                       -                  -                              (383)                            -                         (383)
total special items                                                                            3                  (20)                           (771)                      (1,498)                       (2,286)
less: special items (expense) benefit:
talen litigation costs, net of tax of $3 (b)                         -                             -                                          (13)                                          -                             (13)
u.k. tax rate change (f)                                             -                             -                                         (102)                                          -                            (102)
strategic corporate initiatives, net of tax of $2 (c)                -                             -                                           (6)                                          -                              (6)
executive retirement benefits, net of tax of $2 (i)                  -                             -                                           (6)                                          -                              (6)
total special items                                                  (5)                           (1)                                       (128)                                        829                              695
(a)see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information.
(b)ppl incurred legal expenses related to litigation with its former affiliate, talen montana. see note 14 to the financial statements for additional information.
(c)costs incurred for 2021 are related to the sale of the u.k. utility business and ppl's strategic repositioning. costs incurred for 2020 are related to the process to sell the u.k. utility business.
(d)adjustment of valuation allowances related to certain tax credits recorded in 2017 as a result of the tcja.
(e)costs related to the integration of narragansett electric. see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information.
(f)impact of the u.k. finance acts on deferred tax balances. see note 6 to the financial statements for additional information.
(g)see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
(h)see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
(i)settlement charge from the remeasurement of the projected benefit obligation for the ppl supplemental executive retirement plan related to a lump-sum payment made to a former ppl executive.
(j)the amounts for 2020 have been adjusted for certain costs that were previously included in the u.k. regulated segment.
adjusted gross margins management also utilizes the following non-gaap financial measures as indicators of performance for its businesses.
•"kentucky adjusted gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity generation, transmission and distribution operations of the kentucky regulated segment, as well as the kentucky regulated segment's distribution and sale of natural gas. in calculating this measure, fuel, energy purchases and certain variable costs of production (recorded in "other operation and maintenance" on the statements of income) are deducted from operating revenues. in addition, certain other expenses, recorded in "other operation and maintenance", "depreciation" and "taxes, other than income" on the statements of income, associated with approved cost recovery mechanisms are offset against the recovery of those expenses, which are included in revenues. these mechanisms allow for direct recovery of these expenses and, in some cases, returns on capital investments and performance incentives. as a result, this measure represents the net revenues from electricity and gas operations.
•"pennsylvania adjusted gross margins" is a single financial performance measure of the electricity transmission and distribution operations of the pennsylvania regulated segment. in calculating this measure, utility revenues and expenses associated with approved recovery mechanisms, including energy provided as a plr, are offset with minimal impact on earnings. costs associated with these mechanisms are recorded in "energy purchases," "other operation and maintenance," (which are primarily act 129, storm damage and universal service program costs), "depreciation" (which is primarily related to the act 129 smart meter program) and "taxes, other than income," (which is primarily gross receipts tax) on the statements of income. this measure represents the net revenues from the pennsylvania regulated segment's electricity delivery operations.
these measures are not intended to replace "operating income," which is determined in accordance with gaap, as an indicator of overall operating performance. other companies may use different measures to analyze and report their results of operations. management believes these measures provide additional useful criteria to make investment decisions. these performance measures are used, in conjunction with other information, by senior management and ppl's board of directors to manage operations and analyze actual results compared with budget.
changes in adjusted gross margins the following table shows adjusted gross margins by ppl's reportable segment and by component, as applicable, for the year ended december 31 as well as the changes between periods. the factors that gave rise to the changes are described following the table.
change
kentucky adjusted gross margins kentucky adjusted gross margins increased in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to higher base rates of $99 million, environmental and gas cost recoveries added to base rates of $66 million, $15 million of higher sales volumes primarily due to weather, and $9 million of higher commercial and industrial demand primarily due to the impacts of covid-19 in 2020, partially offset by $17 million of lower adjusted gross margins as a result of the economic relief billing credit, net of amortization.
the increase in base rates was the result of new rates approved by the kpsc effective july 1, 2021. the environmental and gas cost recoveries added to base rates were the result of the transfer of certain ecr and glt expenses into base rates as a result of the 2020 kentucky rate case. this transfer results in depreciation and other operation and maintenance expenses associated with the ecr and glt programs being excluded from margins in the second half of 2021, while the recovery of such costs remain in kentucky gross margins through base rates.
pennsylvania adjusted gross margins distribution distribution adjusted gross margins increased in 2021 compared with 2020. higher sales volumes of $13 million were partially offset by $8 million of lower returns on distribution system improvement capital investments.
transmission transmission adjusted gross margins decreased in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a $28 million decrease as a result of a lower ppl zonal peak load billing factor and a $50 million decrease due to a reduction in the transmission formula rate return on equity. partially offsetting these unfavorable items was $48 million of returns on additional transmission capital investments focused on replacing aging infrastructure and improving reliability and $20 million return of related depreciation expense. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information on the transmission formula rate return on equity reduction.
reconciliation of adjusted gross margins the following tables contain the components from the statement of income that are included in the non-gaap financial measures and a reconciliation to ppl's "operating income" for the years ended december 31:
ppl electric: statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
transmission formula rate (c)              (35)
(b)    the increase was primarily the result of higher energy prices and higher customer usage, partially offset by higher volumes of shopping customers.
(c)    the decrease was primarily due to a reduction in the transmission formula rate return on equity and a lower ppl zonal peak load billing factor, partially offset by returns on additional transmission capital investments and return of related depreciation expense. see note 7 to the financial statements for additional information on the transmission formula rate return on equity reduction.
energy purchases energy purchases increased $75 million in 2021 compared with 2020. this increase was primarily due to higher plr prices of $40 million and higher plr volumes of $28 million.
storm costs                              $20
support costs                             20
lg&e: statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
economic relief billing credit, net of amortization of $9                (12)
(a)the increases were primarily due to higher recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to higher commodity costs.
fuel fuel increased $19 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a $10 million increase in volumes driven by weather and an $8 million increase in commodity costs.
energy purchases energy purchases increased $42 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a $35 million increase in commodity costs and a $6 million increase in gas volumes driven by weather.
depreciation depreciation increased $20 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a $13 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements and a $7 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2021.
ku: statement of income analysis net income for the years ended december 31 includes the following results:
change
economic relief billing credit, net of amortization of $1                 (5)
(b)the increases were primarily due to higher recoveries of fuel and energy purchases due to higher commodity costs.
fuel fuel increased $59 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a $39 million increase in commodity costs and a $19 million increase in volumes driven by weather.
depreciation depreciation increased $20 million in 2021 compared with 2020, primarily due to a $14 million increase related to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements and a $4 million increase related to higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2021.
financial condition the remainder of this item 7 in this form 10-k is presented on a combined basis, providing information, as applicable, for all registrants.
liquidity and capital resources
the registrants' cash flows from operations and access to cost effective bank and capital markets are subject to risks and uncertainties. see "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of risks and uncertainties that could affect the registrants' cash flows.
long-term debt due within one year              474                    474                       -                     -
notes payable with affiliates                                            -                     324                   294
long-term debt due within one year            1,074                    400                     292                   132
notes payable with affiliates                                            -                       -                     -
net cash provided by (used in) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31 and the changes between periods were as follows:
operating activities          $1,544                     $969                    $458           $608
investing activities           8,564                  (1,400)                   (466)          (556)
financing activities         (7,344)                      412                      10           (61)
operating activities          $1,872                     $884                    $483           $543
investing activities         (2,266)                  (1,151)                   (456)          (507)
financing activities              99                       43                    (35)           (26)
2021 vs. 2020 change operating activities          $(328)                      $85                   $(25)            $65
investing activities          10,830                    (249)                    (10)           (49)
financing activities         (7,443)                      369                      45           (35)
operating activities the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) operating activities were as follows:
change - cash provided (used):
working capital                             (93)       160                                 (28)                    20
defined benefit plan funding                  66                      -                       8                     2
other operating activities                  (23)                   (10)                    (26)                    27
ppl cash provided by operating activities in 2020 decreased $328 million compared with 2019.
•net income decreased $622 million between periods and included an increase in net non-cash charges of $344 million. the increase in non-cash charges was primarily due to the loss on extinguishment of debt and the impairment of solar panels, partially offset by a decrease in deferred income taxes and investment tax credits.
•the $93 million decrease in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to a decrease in taxes payable and a decrease in other current assets and liabilities, partially offset by an increase in regulatory liabilities (primarily due to ppl electric's transmission formula rate return on equity reduction and the timing of rate recovery mechanisms).
•the $23 million decrease in cash provided by other operating activities was driven by a decrease in other non-current assets (primarily related to a decrease in pension plan assets, partially offset by an increase in non-current regulatory assets) and an increase in non-current liabilities (primarily related to an increase in aro expenditures and accrued pension obligations, partially offset by a decrease in non-current regulatory liabilities).
ppl electric's cash provided by operating activities in 2021 increased $85 million compared with 2020.
•the $160 million increase in cash from changes in working capital was primarily due to an increase in regulatory liabilities (primarily due to a transmission formula rate return on equity reduction and the timing of rate recovery mechanisms).
•the $10 million decrease in cash provided by other operating activities was driven primarily by a decrease in accrued pension obligations.
lg&e's cash provided by operating activities in 2021 decreased $25 million compared with 2020.
•net income increased $5 million between the periods and included an increase in non-cash components of $16 million. the increase in non-cash components was primarily driven by an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements and higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2021), partially offset by a decrease in amortization expense (primarily due to amortization of the economic relief billing credit regulatory liability).
•cash from changes in working capital decreased by $28 million. the decrease was primarily due to an increase in regulatory assets and liabilities, net (primarily due to the timing of rate recovery mechanisms), an increase in fuel, materials and supplies (primarily due to higher commodity costs), an increase in accounts receivable from affiliates (primarily due to timing of payments) and a decrease in other current liabilities (primarily due to timing of payments), partially offset by an increase in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments).
•the decrease in cash provided by other operating activities was driven primarily by a decrease in other liabilities (primarily related to noncurrent regulatory liabilities).
ku's cash provided by operating activities in 2021 increased $65 million compared with 2020.
•net income increased $16 million between the periods and included no change in non-cash components. non-cash components were primarily driven by a decrease in deferred income tax expense (primarily due to book versus tax plant timing differences), offset by an increase in depreciation expense (primarily due to additional assets placed into service, net of retirements and higher depreciation rates effective july 1, 2021).
•cash from changes in working capital increased $20 million. the increase was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable to affiliates (primarily due to timing of payments), a decrease in accounts receivable (primarily due to weather and the impacts of covid-19) and a decrease in unbilled revenues (primarily due to weather), partially offset by a decrease in accounts payable (primarily due to timing of payments), a decrease in other current liabilities (primarily due to timing of payments) and decrease in taxes payable (primarily due to timing of payments).
•the increase in cash provided by other operating activities was driven primarily by a decrease in aro expenditures.
investing activities
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) investing activities were as follows:
change - cash provided (used):
expenditures for pp&amp;e                                                       $297                $247             $(10)                   $(50)
other investing activities                                                      (27)       3                         -              1
for ppl, in 2021 compared with 2020, the decrease in expenditures was due to lower project expenditures at and ppl electric and safari energy, partially offset by an increase in expenditures at lg&e and ku. the decrease in expenditures for ppl electric was primarily due to a planned reduction in capital spending projects related to ongoing efforts to improve reliability and replace aging infrastructure. the increase in expenditures at lg&e and ku was primarily due to higher spending on elg projects and other projects that are not individually significant.
see "forecasted uses of cash" for detail regarding projected capital expenditures for the years 2022 through 2024.
for ppl electric, the changes in "notes receivable from affiliate" activity resulted from the funding of $499 million to an affiliate for general corporate purposes. see note 15 to the financial statements for further discussion of intercompany borrowings.
financing activities
the components of the change in cash provided by (used in) financing activities were as follows:
change - cash provided (used):
capital contributions/distributions, net                        -                    306                 (29)                       (28)
changes in net short-term debt                              (683)                      -                 (135)                     (192)
note payable with affiliate                                                            -        324                                  294
other financing activities                                      1                    (3)                 (2)                           3
see note 8 to the financial statements in this form 10-k for information on 2021 activity.
see "long-term debt and equity securities" below for additional information on current year activity. see "forecasted sources of cash" for a discussion of the registrants' plans to issue debt and equity securities, as well as a discussion of credit facility capacity available to the registrants. also see "forecasted uses of cash" for a discussion of ppl's plans to pay dividends on common securities in the future, as well as the registrants' maturities of long-term debt.
long-term debt and equity securities long-term debt and equity securities activity for 2021 included:
(a)issuances are net of pricing discounts, where applicable, and exclude the impact of debt issuance costs. includes debt issuances with affiliates.
see note 8 to the financial statements for additional long-term debt information.
equity securities activities share repurchase in august 2021, ppl's board of directors authorized share repurchases of up to $3 billion of ppl common shares. the actual amount repurchased will depend on various factors, including ppl's share price, market conditions, and the determination of other uses for the proceeds from the sale of the u.k. utility business, including for incremental capital expenditures. ppl may purchase shares on each trading day subject to market conditions and principles of best execution.
see note 8 to the financial statements for additional information.
atm program in february 2018, ppl entered into an equity distribution agreement, pursuant to which ppl may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of its common stock through an at-the-market offering program, including a forward sales component. the compensation paid to the selling agents by ppl may be up to 2% of the gross offering proceeds of the shares. there were no issuances under the atm program for the twelve months ended december 31, 2021 and 2020. the atm program expired in february 2021.
forecasted sources of cash
the registrants expect to continue to have adequate liquidity available from operating cash flows, cash and cash equivalents, credit facilities and commercial paper issuances to meet their requirements with respect to their contractual obligations and anticipated capital expenditures. additionally, subject to market conditions, the registrants and their subsidiaries may access the capital markets, and ppl electric, lg&e and ku anticipate receiving equity contributions from their parent or member in 2022.
credit facilities the registrants maintain credit facilities to enhance liquidity, provide credit support and provide a backstop to commercial paper programs. amounts borrowed under these credit facilities are reflected in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets. at december 31, 2021, the total committed borrowing capacity under credit facilities and the borrowings under these facilities were:
external committed capacity   borrowed                     letters of                    unused credit                  capacity and commercial paper issued ppl capital funding credit facilities                 $1,300            $-                             $-                     $1,300
ppl electric credit facility                             650            -                               1                        649
lg&amp;e credit facilities                               500            -                              69                        431
ku credit facilities                                     400            -                               -                        400
total credit facilities (a) (b)                       $2,850            $-                            $70                     $2,780
(a)the syndicated credit facilities and ppl capital funding's bilateral facility, each contain a financial covenant requiring debt to total capitalization not to exceed 70% for ppl capital funding, ppl electric, lg&e and ku, as calculated in accordance with the facility, and other customary covenants.
the commitments under the credit facilities are provided by a diverse bank group, with no one bank and its affiliates providing an aggregate commitment of more than the following percentages of the total committed capacity: ppl - 7%, ppl electric - 7%, lg&e - 7% and ku - 7%.
(b)each company pays customary fees under its respective syndicated credit facility. borrowings generally bear interest at libor-based rates plus an applicable margin.
in addition to the financial covenants noted in the table above, the credit agreements governing the above credit facilities contain various other covenants. failure to comply with the covenants after applicable grace periods could result in acceleration of repayment of borrowings and/or termination of the agreements. the registrants monitor compliance with the covenants on a regular basis. at december 31, 2021, the registrants were in compliance with these covenants. at this time, the registrants believe that these covenants and other borrowing conditions will not limit access to these funding sources.
see note 8 to the financial statements for further discussion of the registrants' credit facilities.
committed                borrowed                  commercial paper program                  unused capacity                                                          capacity                capacity lg&amp;e money pool (a)            $750                     $324                                $425                            $1
(a)lg&e and ku participate in an intercompany money pool agreement whereby lke and/or ku make available to lg&e, and lke and/or lg&e make available to ku funds up to the difference between lg&e's and ku's ferc borrowing limit and lg&e's and ku's commercial paper capacity limit, at an interest rate based on the lower of a market index of commercial paper issues and two additional rate options based on libor.
see note 15 to the financial statements for further discussion of intercompany credit facilities.
the registrants maintain commercial paper programs to provide an additional financing source to fund short-term liquidity needs, as necessary. commercial paper issuances, included in "short-term debt" on the balance sheets, are supported by the respective registrant's credit facilities. the following commercial paper programs were in place at:
capacity               commercial                            unused paper                               capacity issuances ppl capital funding           $1,500                    $-                               $1,500
(a)in march 2021, the capacity for the lg&e commercial paper program was increased from $350 million to $425 million.
long-term debt and equity securities
ppl and its subsidiaries are authorized to issue, at the discretion of management and subject to market conditions, up to $2.45 billion of long-term debt and equity securities, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
ppl electric is authorized to issue, at the discretion of management and subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to $650 million of long-term debt securities, the proceeds of which would be used to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
lg&e is authorized to issue, at the discretion of management and subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to $400 million of long-term debt securities, the proceeds of which would be used to repay short-term debt incurred to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
ku is authorized to issue, at the discretion of management and subject to market conditions and regulatory approvals, up to $300 million of long-term debt securities, the proceeds of which would be used to repay short-term debt incurred to fund capital expenditures and for general corporate purposes.
contributions from parent (ppl electric, lg&e and ku)
from time to time, the parents of ppl electric, lg&e and ku make capital contributions to subsidiaries. the proceeds from these contributions are used to fund capital expenditures and for other general corporate purposes.
forecasted uses of cash
in addition to expenditures required for normal operating activities, such as purchased power, payroll, fuel and taxes, the registrants currently expect to incur future cash outflows for capital expenditures, various contractual obligations, payment of dividends on its common stock, and possibly the purchase or redemption of a portion of debt securities.
capital expenditures ppl currently expects that capital expenditures for 2022 for its current businesses will be approximately $2.0 billion, including approximately $1.0 billion at ppl electric, approximately $0.4 billion each at ku and lg&e (including approximately $95 million at ku and $47 million at lg&e expected to be covered by ecr plans), and the remainder in corporate and other, including investments in renewables, subject to market conditions. for the period 2023 through 2024, ppl currently anticipates capital expenditures of approximately $3.7 to $4.2 billion, with approximately $1.7 to $1.9 billion at ppl electric utilities, approximately $0.85 to $0.95 billion each at ku and lg&e (including approximately $73 million at ku and $46 million at lg&e expected to be covered by ecr plans), and the remainder in corporate and other, including investments in renewables, subject to market conditions. these later investments are anticipated to be spread approximately evenly over the two years in the period.
capital expenditure plans are revised periodically to reflect changes in operational, market and regulatory conditions. the capital expenditure plans discussed in this section do not include anticipated capital expenditures with respect to narragansett electric. ppl expects to update its capital expenditure plans to include narragansett electric upon completion of the acquisition. see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information on the pending narragansett electric acquisition.
contractual obligations the registrants have assumed various financial obligations and commitments in the ordinary course of conducting business. at december 31, 2021, estimated contractual cash obligations were as follows:
unconditional power purchase obligations                    135                       29                      57                         49                          -
unconditional power purchase obligations (f)                330                       23                      45                         44                        218
unconditional power purchase obligations (f)                146                       10                      20                         20                         96
(a)reflects principal maturities based on stated maturity or earlier put dates. see note 8 to the financial statements for a discussion of variable-rate remarketable bonds issued on behalf of lg&e and ku. the registrants do not have any significant finance lease obligations.
(b)assumes interest payments through stated maturity or earlier put dates. the payments herein are subject to change, as payments for debt that is or becomes variable-rate debt have been estimated.
(c)see note 10 to the financial statements for additional information.
(d)the amounts include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. primarily includes, as applicable, the purchase obligations of electricity, coal, natural gas and limestone, as well as certain construction expenditures, which are also included in the capital expenditures discussion above.
(e)represents contracts to purchase coal, natural gas and natural gas transportation. see note 14 to the financial statements for additional information.
(f)represents future minimum payments under ovec power purchase agreements through june 2040. see note 14 to the financial statements for additional information.
(g)represents construction commitments, which are also reflected in the capital expenditures table presented above.
ppl views dividends as an integral component of shareowner return and expects to continue to pay dividends in amounts intended to maintain a capitalization structure that supports investment grade credit ratings. in november 2021, ppl declared its quarterly common stock dividend, payable january 3, 2022, at 41.50 cents per share (equivalent to $1.66 per annum). on february 18, 2022, ppl announced a quarterly common stock dividend of 20.00 cents per share, payable april 1, 2022, to shareowners of record as of march 10, 2022. future dividends will be declared at the discretion of the board of directors and will depend upon future earnings, cash flows, financial and legal requirements and other factors.
subject to certain exceptions, ppl may not declare or pay any cash dividend or distribution on its capital stock during any period in which ppl capital funding defers interest payments on its 2007 series a junior subordinated notes due 2067. at december 31, 2021, no interest payments were deferred.
from time to time, as determined by their respective board of directors, the registrants pay dividends, distributions or return capital, as applicable, to their respective shareholders or members. certain of the credit facilities of ppl electric, lg&e and ku include minimum debt covenant ratios that could effectively restrict the payment of dividends or distributions.
see note 8 to the financial statements for these and other restrictions related to distributions on capital interests for the registrants and their subsidiaries.
purchase or redemption of debt securities the registrants will continue to evaluate outstanding debt securities and may decide to purchase or redeem these securities in open market or privately negotiated transactions, in exchange transactions or otherwise, depending upon prevailing market conditions, available cash and other factors, and may be commenced or suspended at any time. the amounts involved may be material.
rating agency actions moody's and s&p periodically review the credit ratings of the debt of the registrants and their subsidiaries. based on their respective independent reviews, the rating agencies may make certain ratings revisions or ratings affirmations.
a credit rating reflects an assessment by the rating agency of the creditworthiness associated with an issuer and particular securities that it issues. the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries are based on information provided by the registrants and other sources. the ratings of moody's and s&p are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any securities of the registrants or their subsidiaries. such ratings may be subject to revisions or withdrawal by the agencies at any time and should be evaluated independently of each other and any other rating that may be assigned to the securities.
the credit ratings of the registrants and their subsidiaries affect their liquidity, access to capital markets and cost of borrowing under their credit facilities. a downgrade in the registrants' or their subsidiaries' credit ratings could result in higher borrowing costs and reduced access to capital markets. the registrants and their subsidiaries have no credit rating triggers that would result in the reduction of access to capital markets or the acceleration of maturity dates of outstanding debt.
the following table sets forth the registrants' and their subsidiaries' credit ratings for outstanding debt securities or commercial paper programs as of december 31, 2021.
senior unsecured                          senior secured                            commercial paper issuer                     moody's                    s&amp;p        moody's                    s&amp;p        moody's                    s&amp;p ppl ppl capital funding        baa2                       bbb+                                                     p-2                        a-2
the rating agencies have taken the following actions related to the registrants and their subsidiaries.
in march 2021, moody's revised its outlook to positive for ppl and ppl capital funding.
in march 2021, s&p revised its outlook to positive for ppl electric.
in march 2021, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to the louisville/jefferson county metro government, kentucky's $128 million 2.00% pollution control revenue bonds, 2003 series a, due 2033, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed april 1, 2021.
in march 2021, moody's assigned a rating of a1 and in april 2021, s&p assigned a rating of a to the louisville/jefferson county metro government, kentucky's $35 million 1.35% pollution control revenue bonds, 2001 series b, due 2027, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed may 3, 2021.
in march 2021, moody's assigned a rating of a1 and in april 2021, s&p assigned a rating of a to the county of trimble, kentucky's $35 million 1.35% pollution control revenue bonds, 2001 series b, due 2027, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed may 3, 2021.
in may 2021, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1/p-2 and a/a-2 to the louisville/jefferson county metro government, kentucky's $31 million environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds, 2007 series a, due 2033, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed june 1, 2021.
in may 2021, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1/p-2 and a/a-2 to the louisville/jefferson county metro government, kentucky's $35 million environmental facilities revenue refunding bonds, 2007 series b, due 2033, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed june 1, 2021.
in august 2021, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to the county of trimble, kentucky's $28 million 0.625% pollution control revenue bonds, 2001 series a, due 2026, previously issued on behalf of lg&e. the bonds were remarketed september 1, 2021.
in may 2021, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to the county of carroll, kentucky's $78 million 2.00% environmental facilities revenue bonds, 2008 series a, due 2032, previously issued on behalf of ku. the bonds were remarketed june 1, 2021.
in may 2021, moody's and s&p assigned ratings of a1 and a to the county of carroll, kentucky's $54 million 2.125% environmental facilities revenue bonds, 2006 series b, due 2034, previously issued on behalf of ku. the bonds were remarketed june 1, 2021.
various derivative and non-derivative contracts, including contracts for the sale and purchase of electricity and fuel, commodity transportation and storage, and interest rate instruments, contain provisions that require the posting of additional collateral or permit the counterparty to terminate the contract, if ppl's, lg&e's or ku's or their subsidiaries' credit rating, as applicable, were to fall below investment grade. see note 18 to the financial statements for a discussion of "credit risk-related contingent features," including a discussion of the potential additional collateral requirements for ppl and lg&e for derivative contracts in a net liability position at december 31, 2021.
guarantees for subsidiaries (ppl)
ppl guarantees certain consolidated affiliate financing arrangements. some of the guarantees contain financial and other covenants that, if not met, would limit or restrict the consolidated affiliates' access to funds under these financing arrangements, accelerate maturity of such arrangements or limit the consolidated affiliates' ability to enter into certain transactions. at this time, ppl believes that these covenants will not limit access to relevant funding sources. see note 14 to the financial statements for additional information about guarantees.
the registrants have entered into certain agreements that may contingently require payment to a guaranteed or indemnified party. see note 14 to the financial statements for a discussion of these agreements.
risk management market risk
see notes 1, 17 and 18 to the financial statements for information about the registrants' risk management objectives, valuation techniques and accounting designations.
the forward-looking information presented below provides estimates of what may occur in the future, assuming certain adverse market conditions and model assumptions. actual future results may differ materially from those presented. these are not precise indicators of expected future losses, but are rather only indicators of possible losses under normal market conditions at a given confidence level.
interest rate risk ppl and its subsidiaries issue debt to finance their operations, which exposes them to interest rate risk. a variety of financial derivative instruments are utilized to adjust the mix of fixed and floating interest rates in their debt portfolios, adjust the duration of the debt portfolios and lock in benchmark interest rates in anticipation of future financing, when appropriate. risk limits under ppl's risk management program are designed to balance risk exposure to volatility in interest expense and changes in the fair value of the debt portfolio due to changes in benchmark interest rates. in addition, the interest rate risk of certain subsidiaries is potentially mitigated as a result of the existing regulatory framework or the timing of rate cases.
exposure            fair value,                      effect of a                        maturities                exposure            fair value,                      effect of a hedged            net - asset                      10% adverse                           ranging                  hedged            net - asset                      10% adverse
(liability) (a)                  movement                              through                                    (liability) (a)                  movement in rates (b)                                                                                                      in rates (b)
(b)effects of adverse movements decrease assets or increase liabilities, as applicable, which could result in an asset becoming a liability. sensitivities represent a 10% adverse movement in interest rates.
(c)realized changes in the fair value of such economic hedges are recoverable through regulated rates and any subsequent changes in the fair value of these derivatives are included in regulatory assets or regulatory liabilities.
the registrants are exposed to a potential increase in interest expense and to changes in the fair value of their debt portfolios. the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on interest expense at december 31, 2021 and 2020 was insignificant for ppl, ppl electric, lg&e and ku. the estimated impact of a 10% adverse movement in interest rates on the fair value of debt at december 31 is shown below.
commodity price risk ppl is exposed to commodity price risk through its domestic subsidiaries as described below.
•ppl electric is required to purchase electricity to fulfill its obligation as a plr. potential commodity price risk is insignificant and mitigated through its puc-approved cost recovery mechanism and full-requirement supply agreements to serve its plr customers which transfer the risk to energy suppliers.
•lg&e's and ku's rates include certain mechanisms for fuel, fuel-related expenses and energy purchases. in addition, lg&e's rates include a mechanism for natural gas supply expenses. these mechanisms generally provide for timely recovery of market price fluctuations associated with these expenses.
volumetric risk volumetric risk is the risk related to the changes in volume of retail sales due to weather, economic conditions or other factors. ppl is exposed to volumetric risk through its subsidiaries as described below.
•ppl electric, lg&e and ku are exposed to volumetric risk on retail sales, mainly due to weather and other economic conditions for which there is limited mitigation between rate cases.
defined benefit plans - equity securities price risk see "application of critical accounting policies - defined benefits" for additional information regarding the effect of equity securities price risk on plan assets.
credit risk
credit risk is the risk that the registrants would incur a loss as a result of nonperformance by counterparties of their contractual obligations. the registrants maintain credit policies and procedures with respect to counterparty credit (including requirements that counterparties maintain specified credit ratings) and require other assurances in the form of credit support or collateral in certain circumstances in order to limit counterparty credit risk. however, the registrants, as applicable, have concentrations of suppliers and customers among electric utilities, financial institutions and energy marketing and trading companies. these concentrations may impact the registrants' overall exposure to credit risk, positively or negatively, as counterparties may be similarly affected by changes in economic, regulatory or other conditions.
in january 2017, the puc issued a final order approving ppl electric's default service plan for the period june 2017 through may 2021, which included a total of eight semi-annual solicitations for electricity supply. additionally, on december 17, 2020, the puc approved ppl electric's default service plan for the period of june 2021 through may 2025, which includes a total of eight solicitations for electricity supply held semiannually in april and october. the new plan also includes eight solicitations for alternative energy credits held semiannually in january and july with the first solicitation being in july 2021 and the final solicitation being in january 2025.
under the standard supply master agreement (the agreement) for the competitive solicitation process, ppl electric requires all suppliers to post collateral if their credit exposure exceeds an established credit limit. in the event a supplier defaults on its obligation, ppl electric would be required to seek replacement power in the market. all incremental costs incurred by ppl electric would be recoverable from customers in future rates. at december 31, 2021, most of the successful bidders under all of the solicitations had an investment grade credit rating from s&p and were not required to post collateral under the agreement. a small portion of bidders were required to post an insignificant amount of collateral under the agreement. there is no instance under the agreement in which ppl electric is required to post collateral to its suppliers.
see note 18 to the financial statements for additional information on credit risk.
foreign currency translation (ppl)
the value of the british pound sterling fluctuates in relation to the u.s. dollar. in 2021, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation gain of $495 million, which primarily reflected an $856 million increase to pp&e, a $151 million increase to goodwill and a $36 million increase to other net assets, partially offset by a $467 million increase to long-term debt, a $61 million increase to deferred income taxes and a $20 million increase to long-term debt due within one year. in 2020, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation gain of $267 million, which reflected a $433 million increase to pp&e and a $76 million increase to goodwill partially offset by a $214 million increase to long-term debt and a $28 million increase to other net liabilities. in 2019, changes in this exchange rate resulted in a foreign currency translation gain of $106 million, which reflected a $181 million increase to pp&e, $34 million increase to goodwill and $12 million decrease to other net liabilities partially offset by a $121 million increase to long-term debt.
as a result of the sale of the u.k. utility business on june 14, 2021, accumulated foreign currency translation losses of $786 million were removed from ppl's balance sheets and realized as a component of "income (loss) from discontinued operations (net of income taxes)" on ppl's statements of income (loss) for the year ended december 31, 2021. see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information.
related party transactions the registrants are not aware of any material ownership interests or operating responsibility by senior management in outside partnerships, including leasing transactions with variable interest entities, or other entities doing business with the registrants. see note 15 to the financial statements for additional information on related party transactions for ppl electric, lg&e and ku.
acquisitions, development and divestitures the registrants from time to time evaluate opportunities for potential acquisitions, divestitures, and development projects. development projects are reexamined based on market conditions and other factors to determine whether to proceed with, modify or terminate the projects. any resulting transactions may impact future financial results. see note 9 to the financial statements for additional information on the sale of the u.k. utility business and the share purchase agreement to acquire narragansett electric.
environmental matters extensive federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations are applicable to the registrants' air emissions, water discharges and the management of hazardous and solid waste, as well as other aspects of the registrants' businesses. the costs of compliance or alleged non-compliance cannot be predicted with certainty but could be significant. in addition, costs may increase significantly if the requirements or scope of environmental laws or regulations, or similar rules, are expanded or changed. costs may take the form of increased capital expenditures or operating and maintenance expenses, monetary fines, penalties or other restrictions. many of these environmental law considerations are also applicable to the operations of key suppliers, or customers, such as coal producers and industrial power users, and may impact the costs for their products or their demand for the registrants' services. increased capital and operating costs are expected to be subject to rate recovery. the registrants can provide no assurances as to the ultimate outcome of future environmental or rate proceedings before regulatory authorities.
see "legal matters" in note 14 to the financial statements for a discussion of the more significant environmental claims. see "financial condition - liquidity and capital resources - forecasted uses of cash - capital expenditures" in "item 7. combined management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" for information on projected environmental capital expenditures for 2022 through 2024. see note 20 to the financial statements for information related to the impacts of ccrs on aros. see "item 1. business - environmental matters" for additional information.
sustainability increasing attention has been focused on a broad range of corporate activities under the heading of "sustainability", which has resulted in a significant increase in the number of requests from interested parties for information on sustainability topics. these parties range from investor groups focused on environmental, social, governance and other matters to non-investors concerned with a variety of public policy matters. often the scope of the information sought is very broad and not necessarily relevant to an issuer's business or industry. as a result, a number of private groups have proposed to standardize the subject matter constituting sustainability, either generally or by industry. those efforts remain ongoing. in addition, certain of these private groups have advocated that the sec promulgate regulations requiring specific sustainability reporting under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the '34 act), or that issuers voluntarily include certain sustainability disclosure in their '34 act reports. to date, no new reporting requirements have been adopted or proposed by the sec.
as has been ppl's practice, to the extent sustainability issues have or may have a material impact on the registrants' financial condition or results of operation, ppl discloses such matters in accordance with applicable securities law and sec regulations. with respect to other sustainability topics that ppl deems relevant to investors but that are not required to be reported under applicable securities law and sec regulation, ppl will continue each spring to publish its annual sustainability report including tracking reductions related to the company's goal to reduce carbon emissions and post that report on its corporate website at www.pplweb.com and on www.pplsustainability.com. neither the information in such annual sustainability report nor the information at such websites is incorporated in this form 10-k by reference, and it should not be considered a part of this form 10-k. in preparing its sustainability report, ppl is guided by the framework established by the global reporting initiative, which identifies environmental, social, governance and other subject matter categories. ppl also participates in efforts by the edison electric institute to provide the appropriate subset of sustainability information that can be applied consistently across the electric utility industry. additionally, ppl publicly discloses its corporate political contributions and responds to the cdp climate survey.
cybersecurity see "cybersecurity management" in "item 1. business" and "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of cybersecurity risks affecting the registrants and the related strategies for managing these risks.
competition see "competition" under each of ppl's reportable segments in "item 1. business - general - segment information" and "item 1a. risk factors" for a discussion of competitive factors affecting the registrants.
new accounting guidance there has been no new accounting guidance adopted in 2021 and there is no new significant accounting guidance pending adoption as of december 31, 2021.
application of critical accounting policies financial condition and results of operations are impacted by the methods, assumptions and estimates used in the application of critical accounting policies. the following accounting policies are particularly important to an understanding of the reported financial condition or results of operations and require management to make estimates or other judgments of matters that are inherently uncertain. changes in the estimates or other judgments included within these accounting policies could result in a significant change to the information presented in the financial statements (these accounting policies are also discussed in note 1 to the financial statements). senior management has reviewed with ppl's audit committee these critical accounting policies, the following disclosures regarding their application, and the estimates and assumptions regarding them.
defined benefits
certain of the registrants and/or their subsidiaries sponsor or participate in certain qualified funded and non-qualified unfunded defined benefit pension plans and both funded and unfunded other postretirement benefit plans. see notes 1, 7 and 12 to the financial statements for additional information about the plans and the accounting for defined benefits.
a summary of plan sponsors by registrant and whether a registrant or its subsidiaries sponsor (s) or participate in and receives allocations (p) from those plans is shown in the table below.
plan sponsor         ppl         ppl electric         lg&amp;e       ku ppl services         s           p lke                                                   p              p management makes certain assumptions regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. as such, annual net periodic defined benefit costs are recorded in current earnings or regulatory assets and liabilities based on estimated results. any differences between actual and estimated results are recorded in aoci or, in the case of ppl electric, lg&e and ku, regulatory assets and liabilities for amounts that are expected to be recovered through regulated customer rates. these amounts in aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities are amortized to income over future periods. the significant assumptions are:
•discount rate - in selecting the discount rates for defined benefit plans, the plan sponsors start with a cash flow analysis of the expected benefit payment stream for their plans. the plan-specific cash flows are matched against the coupons and expected maturity values of aa-rated non-callable (or callable with make-whole provisions) bonds that could be purchased for a hypothetical settlement portfolio. the plan sponsors then use the single discount rate derived from matching the discounted benefit payment stream to the market value of the selected bond portfolio.
•expected return on plan assets - the expected long-term rates of return for pension and other postretirement benefits are based on management's projections using a best-estimate of expected returns, volatilities and correlations for each asset class. each plan's specific current and expected asset allocations are also considered in developing a reasonable return assumption.
•rate of compensation increase - management projects employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement. in selecting a rate of compensation increase, plan sponsors consider past experience, the potential impact of movements in inflation rates and expectations of ongoing compensation practices.
see note 12 to the financial statements for details of the assumptions selected for pension and other postretirement benefits. a variance in the assumptions could significantly impact accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities.
the following tables reflect changes in certain assumptions based on the registrants' primary defined benefit plans. the inverse of this change would have the opposite impact on accrued defined benefit liabilities or assets, reported annual net periodic defined benefit costs and aoci or regulatory assets and liabilities. the sensitivities below reflect an evaluation of the change based solely on a change in that assumption.
expected return on plan assets                   (0.25       %)
actuarial assumption                   defined benefit                              defined benefit            aoci                                          net regulatory                     defined benefit asset                                            liabilities            (pre-tax)                                             assets                               costs ppl discount rates                         $(128)                                          $13                     $52                                             $89                                 $16
expected return on plan assets         n/a                                                      n/a            n/a                                                      n/a                          9
expected return on plan assets         n/a                                                      n/a            -                                                        n/a                          4
expected return on plan assets         n/a                                                      n/a            n/a                                                      n/a                          1
expected return on plan assets         n/a                                                      n/a            n/a                                                      n/a                          1
significant management judgment is required in developing the registrants' provision for income taxes, primarily due to the uncertainty related to tax positions taken or expected to be taken on tax returns and valuation allowances on deferred tax assets.
additionally, significant management judgment is required to determine the amount of benefit recognized related to an uncertain tax position. on a quarterly basis, uncertain tax positions are reassessed by considering information known as of the reporting date. based on management's assessment of new information, a tax benefit may subsequently be recognized for a previously unrecognized tax position, a previously recognized tax position may be derecognized, or the benefit of a previously recognized tax position may be remeasured. the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of issues raised by taxing authorities may differ materially from the amounts accrued and may materially impact the financial statements in the future.
the need for valuation allowances to reduce deferred tax assets also requires significant management judgment. valuation allowances are initially recorded and reevaluated each reporting period by assessing the likelihood of the ultimate realization of a deferred tax asset. management considers several factors in assessing the expected realization of a deferred tax asset, including the reversal of temporary differences, future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. any tax planning strategy utilized in this assessment must meet the recognition and measurement criteria utilized to account for an uncertain tax position. when evaluating the need for valuation allowances, the uncertainty posed by political risk on such factors is also considered by management. the amount of deferred tax assets ultimately realized may differ materially from the estimates utilized in the computation of valuation allowances and may materially impact the financial statements in the future.
the tcja included new provisions requiring that certain income, referred to as global intangible low-taxed income (gilti), earned by certain foreign subsidiaries be included in the gross income of their u.s. shareholder. the fasb allows an accounting policy election regarding the timing of inclusion of gilti in an entity's financial statements. the election may be either to record deferred taxes for expected gilti in future periods or record such taxes as a current-period expense when incurred. ppl has elected to record the tax effect of expected gilti inclusions and thus, records deferred taxes relating to such inclusions. ppl does not expect to generate gilti income following the disposition of u.k. utilities business.
see note 6 to the financial statements for income tax disclosures.
regulatory assets and liabilities
ppl electric, lg&e and ku are subject to cost-based rate regulation. as a result, the effects of regulatory actions are required to be reflected in the financial statements. assets and liabilities are recorded that result from the regulated ratemaking process that may not be recorded under gaap for non-regulated entities. regulatory assets generally represent incurred costs that have been deferred because such costs are probable of future recovery in regulated customer rates. regulatory liabilities are recognized for amounts expected to be returned through future regulated customer rates. in certain cases, regulatory liabilities are recorded based on an understanding or agreement with the regulator that rates have been set to recover costs that are expected to be incurred in the future, and the regulated entity is accountable for any amounts charged pursuant to such rates and not yet expended for the intended purpose.
management continually assesses whether the regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as changes in the applicable regulatory and political environments, the ability to recover costs through regulated rates, recent rate orders to the registrants and other regulated entities, and the status of any pending or potential deregulation legislation. based on this continual assessment, management believes the existing regulatory assets are probable of recovery. this assessment reflects the current political and regulatory climate at the state and federal levels and is subject to change in the future. if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the regulatory asset would be written-off. additionally, the regulatory agencies can provide flexibility in the manner and timing of recovery of regulatory assets.
see note 7 to the financial statements for regulatory assets and regulatory liabilities recorded at december 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as additional information on those regulatory assets and liabilities. all regulatory assets are either currently being recovered under specific rate orders, represent amounts that are expected to be recovered in future rates or benefit future periods based upon established regulatory practices.
goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. the reporting units of ppl include the kentucky regulated segment reporting unit and the lke reporting unit. lg&e and ku are individually single operating and reportable segments and each are single reporting units. a goodwill impairment test is performed annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the reporting unit may be greater than the reporting unit's fair value. additionally, goodwill is tested for impairment after a portion of goodwill has been allocated to a business to be disposed of.
the fair value of a reporting unit is compared with the carrying value and an impairment charge is recognized if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit.
ppl, for its kentucky regulated segment and lke reporting units, and individually lg&e and ku may elect either to initially make a qualitative evaluation about the likelihood of an impairment of goodwill or to bypass the qualitative evaluation and test goodwill for impairment using a quantitative test. see "long-lived and intangible assets - asset impairment (excluding investments)" in note 1 to the financial statements for further discussion of goodwill impairment tests. see note 19 to the financial statements for information on goodwill balances at december 31, 2021.
in the fourth quarter of 2021, ppl, for its kentucky regulated segment and lke reporting units, and individually, lg&e and ku, elected to perform qualitative step zero evaluations for their annual goodwill impairment tests, as of october 1, 2021.
based on these evaluations, management concluded it was not "more likely than not" that the fair value of these reporting units was less than their carrying values. as such, quantitative impairment tests were not performed.
in the fourth quarter of 2021, ppl elected to perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test in conjunction with the annual goodwill impairment assessment for the distributed energy resources reporting unit, which has a goodwill balance of $53 million at december 31, 2021. the test did not indicate impairment of the reporting unit. see note 1 to the financial statements for additional information.
management used both discounted cash flows and market multiples, which required significant assumptions, to estimate the fair value of the reporting unit. significant assumptions used in the discounted cash flows include discount and growth rates and projected operating and capital cash flows. projected operating and capital cash flows are based on internal business plans, which assume the occurrence of certain future events. significant assumptions used in the market multiples include sector market performance and comparable transactions. a high degree of judgment is required to develop estimates related to fair value conclusions. a decrease in the forecasted cash flows of 10%, an increase in the discount rate of 10%, or a 10% decrease in the market multiples would not have resulted in an impairment of goodwill for the distributed energy resources reporting unit as of october 1, 2021, however, it is possible that an impairment charge could occur in future periods if any of the assumptions used in determining fair value of the reporting unit are negatively impacted.
aro liabilities are required to be recognized for legal obligations associated with the retirement of long-lived assets. initial obligations are measured at estimated fair value. an aro must be recognized when incurred if the fair value of the aro can be reasonably estimated. an equivalent amount is recorded as an increase in the value of the capitalized asset and amortized to expense over the asset's useful life.
in determining aros, management must make significant judgments and estimates to calculate fair value. fair value is developed using an expected present value technique based on assumptions of market participants that consider estimated retirement costs in current period dollars, inflated to the anticipated retirement date and discounted back to the date the aro was incurred. changes in assumptions and estimates included within the calculations of the fair value of aros could result in significantly different results than those identified and recorded in the financial statements. estimated aro costs and settlement dates, which affect the carrying value of the aro and the related capitalized asset, are reviewed periodically to ensure that any material changes are incorporated into the aro estimate. any change to the capitalized asset is generally amortized over the remaining life of the associated long-lived asset.
see "long-lived and intangible assets - asset retirement obligations" in note 1, note 7 and note 20 to the financial statements for additional information on aros.
at december 31, 2021, the total recorded balances and information on the most significant recorded aros were as follows.
most significant aros total            amount                          % of total               description aro            recorded recorded lg&amp;e           $84                 $66                               79                     ponds, landfills and natural gas mains ku                 105        80                                         76                     ponds and landfills the most significant assumptions surrounding aros are the forecasted retirement costs (including settlement dates and the timing of cash flows), discount and inflation rates. at december 31, 2021, a 10% increase to retirement cost would increase these aro liabilities by $13 million at lg&e and $23 million at ku. a 0.25% decrease in the discount rate would increase these aro liabilities by $4 million at lg&e and $1 million at ku and a 0.25% increase in the inflation rate would increase these aro liabilities by $4 million at lg&e. there would be no significant change to the annual depreciation expense of the aro asset or the annual accretion expense of the aro liability as a result of these changes in assumptions.
revenue recognition - unbilled revenues (lg&e and ku)
revenues related to the sale of energy are recorded when service is rendered or when energy is delivered to customers. because customers are billed on cycles which vary based on the timing of actual meter reads taken throughout the month, estimates are recorded for unbilled revenues at the end of each reporting period. for lg&e and ku, such unbilled revenue amounts reflect estimates of deliveries to customers since the date of the last reading of their meters. the unbilled revenue estimates reflect consideration of factors including daily load models, estimated usage for each customer class, the effect of current and different rate schedules, the meter read schedule, the billing schedule, actual weather data, and, where applicable, the impact of weather normalization or other regulatory provisions of rate structures. see "unbilled revenues" on the registrants' balance sheets for balances at december 31, 2021 and 2020.
other information (all registrants)
ppl's audit committee has approved the independent auditor to provide audit and audit-related services, tax services and other services permitted by sarbanes-oxley and sec rules. the audit and audit-related services include services in connection with statutory and regulatory filings, reviews of offering documents and registration statements, and internal control reviews.