item 1a.    risk factors in addition to the other information in our annual report on form 10-k, you should consider the risks described below that we believe may be material to investors in evaluating the company. this section contains forward-looking statements, and in considering these statements, you should refer to the qualifications and limitations on our forward-looking statements that are described in item 1, "business."
since our business consists primarily of acquiring, developing, and operating real estate, we are subject to risks related to the ownership and operation of real estate that could result in reduced revenues, increased expenses, increased capital expenditures, or increased borrowings, which could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and our stock price, including:
natural disasters or terrorist attacks could cause damage to our facilities, resulting in increased costs and reduced revenues. natural disasters, such as earthquakes, fires, hurricanes and floods, or terrorist attacks could cause significant damage to our facilities and require significant repair costs, and make facilities temporarily uninhabitable, thereby reducing our revenues. damage and business interruption losses could exceed the aggregate limits of our insurance coverage. in addition, because we self-insure a portion of our risks, losses below a certain level may not be covered by insurance. see note 14 to our december 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements for a description of the risks of losses that are not covered by third-party insurance contracts. we may not have sufficient insurance coverage for losses caused by a terrorist attack, or such insurance may not be maintained, available or cost-effective. in addition, significant natural disasters, terrorist attacks, threats of future terrorist attacks, or resulting wider armed conflicts could have negative impacts on self-storage demand and/or our revenues.
consequences of climate change, including severe weather events, and the steps taken to prevent climate change, could result in increased capital expenditures, increased expenses, and reduced revenues: direct and indirect impacts of climate change, such as increased destructive weather events, floods, fires, and drought could result in significant damage to our self-storage facilities, increase our costs, or reduce demand for our self-storage facilities. consistent with our commitment to sustainability in our business operations, we have undertaken a number of initiatives to reduce emissions and energy consumption, water usage, and waste, including through our property of tomorrow program, pursuant to which we are upgrading all of our older properties by the end of 2025, which has already resulted in investment of approximately
$230 million in improvements through december 31, 2021. governmental, political, and societal pressure, including expectations of institutional and activist investors and other interest groups, could require us to accelerate our initiatives and, with it, the costs of their implementation. these same potential governmental, political, and social pressure could in the future result in (i) costly changes to newly developed facilities or retrofits of our existing facilities to reduce carbon emissions through multiple avenues, including changes to insulation, space configuration, lighting, heating, and air conditioning, (ii) increased energy costs as a result of transitioning to less carbon-intensive, but more expensive, sources of energy to operate our facilities, and (iii) consumers reducing their individual carbon footprints by owning fewer durable material consumer goods, collectibles, and other such items requiring storage, resulting in a reduced demand for our self-storage space.
operating costs, including property taxes, could increase. we could be subject to increases in insurance premiums, property or other taxes, repair and maintenance costs, payroll, utility costs, workers compensation, and other operating expenses due to various factors such as inflation, labor shortages, commodity and energy price increases, weather, increases to minimum wage rates, changes to governmental safety and real estate use limitations, as well as other governmental actions. our property tax expense, which totaled approximately $335.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2021, generally depends upon the assessed value of our real estate facilities as determined by assessors and government agencies, and accordingly could be subject to substantial increases if such agencies changed their valuation approaches or opinions or if new laws are enacted, especially if new approaches are adopted or laws are enacted that result in increased property tax assessments in states or geographies where we have a high concentration of facilities. see also "we have exposure to increased property tax in california" below.
the acquisition of existing properties or self-storage operating companies is subject to risks that may adversely affect our growth and financial results. we have acquired self-storage facilities from third parties in the past, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. we face significant competition for suitable acquisition properties from other real estate investors. as a result, we may be unable to acquire additional properties we desire or the purchase price for desirable properties may be significantly increased. failures or unexpected circumstances in integrating facilities that we acquire directly or via the acquisition of operating companies into our operations, or circumstances we did not detect or anticipate during due diligence, such as environmental matters, needed repairs or deferred maintenance, customer collection issues, assumed liabilities, turnover of critical personnel involved in acquired operating companies, or the effects of increased property tax following reassessment of a newly-acquired property, as well as the general risks of real estate investment and mergers and acquisitions, could jeopardize realization of the anticipated earnings from an acquisition.
development of self-storage facilities can subject us to risks.  at december 31, 2021, we had a pipeline of development projects totaling $800.0 million (subject to contingencies), and we expect to continue to seek additional development projects. there are significant risks involved in developing self-storage facilities, such as delays or cost increases due to changes in or failure to meet government or regulatory requirements, failure of revenue to meet our underwriting estimates, delays caused by weather issues, unforeseen site conditions, or personnel problems. self-storage space is generally not pre-leased, and rent-up of newly developed space can be delayed or ongoing cash flow yields can be reduced due to competition, reductions in storage demand, or other factors.
there is significant competition among self-storage operators and from other storage alternatives.  our self-storage facilities generate most of our revenue and earnings. significant competition from self-storage operators, property developers, and other storage alternatives may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain customers and may negatively impact our ability to generate revenue. competition in the local market areas in which many of our properties are located is significant and has affected our occupancy levels, rental rates, and operating expenses. there is also an increasing influx of capital from outside financing sources driving more money, development, and supply into the industry. development of self-storage facilities has increased in recent years, which has intensified competition and will continue to do so as newly developed facilities are opened. development of self-storage facilities by other operators could continue to increase, due to increases in availability of funds for investment or other reasons, and further intensify competition.
demand for self-storage facilities may be affected by customer perceptions and factors outside of our control. significantly lower logistics costs could introduce new competitors such as valet-style storage services, which may reduce the demand for traditional self-storage. customer preferences and/or needs for self-storage could change, decline, or shift to other product types thereby impacting our business model and ability to grow and/or generate revenues. shifts in population and demographics could cause the geographical distribution of our portfolio to be suboptimal and affect our ability to maintain occupancy and attract new customers. security incidents could result in the perception that our properties are not safe. if our customers do not feel our properties are safe, they may select competitors for their self-
storage needs, or if there is an industry perception of inadequate security generally, customer use of self-storage could be negatively impacted.
our newly developed and expanded facilities, and facilities that we manage for third party owners, may negatively impact the revenues of our existing facilities. we continue to develop new self-storage facilities and expand our existing self-storage facilities. in addition, we are seeking to increase the number of self-storage facilities that we manage for third party owners in exchange for a fee, many of which are in the process of stabilization and are in proximity to our existing stabilized self-storage facilities. in order to hasten the fill-up of these new facilities, we aggressively price such space during the fill-up period. while we believe that this aggressive pricing allows us to increase our market share relative to our competitors and increase the cash flows of these properties, such pricing and the added capacity may also negatively impact our existing stabilized self-storage facilities that are in proximity to these unstabilized facilities.
many of our existing self-storage facilities may be at a competitive disadvantage to newly developed facilities. there is a significant level of development of new self-storage facilities, by us and other operators. these newly developed facilities are generally of high quality, with a more fresh and vibrant appearance, more amenities such as climate control, more attractive office configurations, newer elements, and a more attractive retail presence as compared to many of our existing stabilized self-storage facilities, some of which were built as much as 50 years ago. such qualitative differentials may negatively impact our ability to compete with these facilities for new tenants and our existing tenants may move to newly developed facilities.
we may incur significant liabilities from environmental contamination or moisture infiltration.   existing or future laws impose or may impose liability on us to clean up environmental contamination on or around properties that we currently or previously owned or operated, even if we were not responsible for or aware of the environmental contamination or even if such environmental contamination occurred prior to our involvement with the property. we have conducted preliminary environmental assessments on most of our properties, which have not identified any material liabilities. these assessments, commonly referred to as "phase 1 environmental assessments," include an investigation (excluding soil or groundwater sampling or analysis) and a review of publicly available information regarding the site and other nearby properties.
we are also subject to potential liability relating to moisture infiltration, which can result in mold or other damage to our or our customers' property, as well as potential health concerns. when we receive a complaint or otherwise become aware that an air quality concern exists, we implement corrective measures and seek to work proactively with our customers to resolve issues, subject to our contractual limitations on liability for such claims.
we are not aware of any environmental contamination or moisture infiltration related liabilities at any of our properties that could be material to our overall business, financial condition, or results of operation. however, we may not have detected all material liabilities, we could acquire properties with material undetected liabilities, or new conditions could arise or develop at our properties, any of which could result in a cash settlement or adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, operate, or encumber affected facilities.
economic conditions can adversely affect our business, financial condition, growth and access to capital.
economic downturns or adverse economic or industry conditions could adversely impact our financial results, growth, and access to capital.
our ability to raise capital to fund our activities may be adversely affected by challenging market conditions. in periods when the capital and credit markets experience significant volatility, the amounts, sources, and cost of capital available to us may be adversely affected. if we were unable to raise capital at reasonable rates, prospective earnings growth through expanding our asset base could be limited.
2021. we recognized $24.4 million in equity in earnings and received $41.5 million in dividends in 2021 with respect to shurgard.
shurgard, as an owner, operator, and developer of self-storage facilities, is subject to many of the same risks we are with respect to self-storage. however, through our investment in shurgard, we are exposed to additional risks unique to the various european markets shurgard operates in which may adversely impact our business and financial results, many of which are referred to in shurgard's public filings. these risks include the following:
•currency risks: currency fluctuations can impact the fair value of our investment in shurgard, our equity earnings, our ongoing dividends, and any other related repatriations of cash.
•legislative, tax, and regulatory risks: shurgard is subject to a variety of local, national, and pan european laws and regulations related to permitting and land use, the environment, labor, and other areas, as well as income, property, sales, value added and employment tax laws. these laws can be difficult to apply or interpret and can vary in each country or locality, and are subject to unexpected changes in their form and application due to regional, national, or local political uncertainty and other factors. such changes, or shurgard's failure to comply with these laws, could subject it to penalties or other sanctions, adverse changes in business processes, as well as potentially adverse income tax, property tax, or other tax burdens.
•impediments to capital repatriation could negatively impact the realization of our investment in shurgard: laws in europe and the u.s. may create, impede, or increase our cost to repatriate distributions received from shurgard or proceeds from the sale of shurgard's shares.
•potential operating and individual country risks: economic slowdowns or extraordinary political or social change in the countries in which it operates have posed, and could continue to pose, challenges or result in future reductions of shurgard's operating cash flows.
•liquidity of our ownership stake: we have no plans to liquidate our interest in shurgard. however, while shurgard is a publicly held entity, if we chose to, our ability to liquidate our shares in shurgard in an efficient manner could be limited by the level of shurgard's public "float" relative to any ownership stake we sought to sell. our existing relationship with our legacy joint venture partner may place further contractual limitations on our ability to sell all of the shares we own if we desired to do so.
•impediments of shurgard's public ownership structure: shurgard's strategic decisions, involving activities such as borrowing money, capital contributions, raising capital from third parties, as well as selling or acquiring significant assets, are determined by its board of directors. as a result, shurgard may be precluded from taking advantage of opportunities that we would find attractive but that we may not be able to pursue separately, or it could take actions that we do not agree with.
we own approximately 41% of the common equity of psb, and this investment has a $515.3 million book value and a $2.7 billion market value (based upon the closing trading price of psb's common stock) at december 31, 2021. we recognized $207.7 million in equity in earnings, and received $127.3 million in dividends in 2021 with respect to psb.
psb, as an owner, operator, and developer of real estate, is subject to many of the same risks we are with respect to real estate. however, we may be exposed to other risks as a result of psb's ownership specifically of commercial facilities. these risks are set forth in psb's form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2021, under "item 1a. risk factors."
since being reported in december 2019, the covid pandemic has spread globally, including to every state in the united states, adversely affecting public health and economic activity. our business is subject to risks from the covid pandemic, including, among others:
•continuing negative impacts on the economic conditions in our markets which may reduce the demand for self-storage;
•risk that there could be an out-migration of population from certain high-cost major markets, if it is determined that the ability to "work from home," which has become more prominent during the covid pandemic, could allow certain workers to live in less expensive localities, which could negatively impact the occupancies and revenues of our properties in such high-cost major markets;
•continuing, new or reinstituted government restrictions that (i) limit or prevent use of our facilities, (ii) limit our ability to increase rent or otherwise limit the rent we can charge, (iii) limit our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, or (iv) limit our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects;
•risk that future waves of infection, including those resulting from new variants, such as delta or omicron, or from additional pandemics, could result in new or reinstituted government restrictions;
•risk that we could experience a change in the move-out patterns of our long-term customers due to economic uncertainty and increases in unemployment as a result of the covid pandemic, which could lead to lower occupancies and rent "roll down" as long-term customers are replaced with new customers at lower rates; and
•risk of negative impacts on the cost and availability of debt and equity capital as a result of the covid pandemic, which could have a material impact upon our capital and growth plans.
we believe that the degree to which the covid pandemic adversely impacts our business, operating results, cash flows and/or financial condition will be driven primarily by the duration, spread and severity of the pandemic itself, the effectiveness of vaccine and treatment developments, including against variants such as the delta and omicron variants, public adoption rates of vaccines, including booster shots, as well as the duration of indirect economic impacts such as recession, dislocation in capital markets, and job loss, as well as potential longer term changes in consumer behavior, all of which are uncertain and difficult to predict. as a result, we are not able at this time to estimate the effect of these factors on our business, but the adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be material. future pandemics or public health crises could have similar impacts.
in response to significant events, local, state and federal governments have and may in the future adopt regulations that could impact our operations. for example, in response to wildfires in 2018 and 2019, the state of california and some localities in california adopted temporary regulations that imposed certain limits on the rents we could charge at certain of our facilities and the extent to which we could increase rents to existing tenants. as noted above, in response to the covid pandemic, certain localities adopted restrictions on the use of certain of our facilities, limited our ability to increase rents, limited our ability to collect rent or evict delinquent tenants, and limited our ability to complete development and redevelopment projects. similar restrictions could be imposed in the future in response to significant events and these restrictions could adversely impact our operations.
marketing initiatives, including our increasing dependence on google to source customers, may fail to be effective and could negatively impact financial performance. approximately 63% of our new storage customers in 2021 were sourced directly or indirectly through "unpaid" search and "paid" search campaigns on google. we believe that the vast majority of customers searching for self-storage use google at some stage in their shopping experience. google is providing tools to allow smaller and less sophisticated operators to bid for search terms, increasing competition for self-storage search terms. the predominance of google in the shopping experience, as well as google's enabling of additional competitors to bid for placements in self-storage search terms, may reduce the number of new customers that we can procure, and/or increase our costs to obtain new customers.
in addition, the inability to utilize our pricing methodology due to regulatory or market constraints could also significantly impact our financial results.
we are exposed to ongoing litigation and other legal and regulatory actions, which may divert management's time and attention, require us to pay damages and expenses or restrict the operation of our business.
we have approximately 5,800 employees, 1.8 million customers, and we conduct business at facilities with 198 million net rentable square feet of storage space. as a result, we are subject to the risk of legal claims and proceedings (including class actions) and regulatory enforcement actions in the ordinary course of our business and otherwise, and we could incur significant liabilities and substantial legal fees as a result of these actions. resolution of these claims and actions may divert time and attention by our management could involve payment of damages or expenses by us, all of which may be significant, and could damage our reputation and our brand. in addition, any such resolution could involve our agreement to terms that restrict the operation of our business. the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. we cannot guarantee losses incurred in connection with any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings or actions will not exceed any provisions we may have set aside in respect of such proceedings or actions or will not exceed any available insurance coverage. the impact of any such legal claims, proceedings, and regulatory enforcement actions could negatively impact our operating results, cash flow available for distribution or reinvestment, and/or the price of our common shares.
in addition, through exercising their authority to regulate our activities, governmental agencies can otherwise negatively impact our business by increasing costs or decreasing revenues.
our inability to adapt and deliver new capabilities in time with strategic requirements may cause the organization to miss market competitive timing, first mover position, or to suffer material loss due to failed technology choices or implementation.
we are heavily dependent upon automated information technology and internet commerce, with more than half of our new customers coming from the telephone or over the internet. we centrally manage significant components of our operations with our computer systems, including our financial information, and we also rely extensively on third-party vendors to retain data, process transactions and provide other systems services. these systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, hackers, including through a ransomware attack, computer worms, viruses and other destructive or disruptive security breaches and catastrophic events. such incidents could also result in significant costs to repair or replace such networks or information systems, as well as actual monetary losses in case of a breach that resulted in fraudulent payments or other cash transactions. as a result, our operations could be severely impacted by a natural disaster, terrorist attack, attack by hackers, acts of vandalism, data theft, misplaced or lost data, programming or human error, or other circumstance that results in a significant outage of our systems or those of our third party providers, despite our use of back up and redundancy measures.
if our confidential information is compromised or corrupted, including as a result of a cybersecurity breach, our reputation and business relationships could be damaged, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results.
in the ordinary course of our business we acquire and store sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our prospective and current customers and our employees. the secure processing and maintenance of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. although we believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of our confidential information, information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the rise in new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyberattacks. despite our security measures, we have experienced security breaches due to cyberattacks and additional breaches could occur in the future. in these cases, our information technology and infrastructure could be vulnerable and our or our customers' or employees' confidential information could be compromised or misappropriated. any such breach could result in serious and harmful consequences for us or our tenants.
our confidential information may also be compromised due to programming or human error or malfeasance. we must continually evaluate and adapt our systems and processes to address the evolving threat landscape, and therefore there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. in addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and changing requirements applicable to our business from multiple regulatory agencies at the local, state, federal, or international level, compliance with those requirement could also result in additional costs, or we could fail to comply with those requirements due to various reasons such as not being aware of them.
any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption to our operations and the services we provide to customers or damage our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations, reputation and competitive position. in addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their personal information, which could cause them to discontinue leasing our self-storage facilities. such events could lead to lost future revenues and adversely affect our results of operations and could result in remedial and other costs, fines or lawsuits, which could be in excess of any available insurance that we have procured.
we may not effectively or appropriately identify ready-now succession candidates for our ceo and executive management team which may negatively impact our ability to meet key strategic goals. failure to implement succession plans for other key employees may leave us vulnerable to retirements and turnover.
our trademark and trade dress could be deemed generic and indistinct and lose protection. we could lose rights to our other intellectual property and trade secrets. competitor use of our trademarks and trade names could lead to likelihood of confusion, tarnishment of our brand, and loss of legal protection for our marks.
in certain circumstances, shareholders might desire a change in control or acquisition of us, in order to realize a premium over the then-prevailing market price of our shares or for other reasons. however, the following could prevent, deter, or delay such a transaction:
•provisions of maryland law may impose limitations that may make it more difficult for a third party to negotiate or effect a business combination transaction or control share acquisition with public storage. currently, our board has opted not to subject the company to these provisions of maryland law, but it could choose to do so in the future without shareholder approval.
•to protect against the loss of our reit status due to concentration of ownership levels, our declaration of trust generally limits the ability of a person, other than the hughes family or "designated investment entities" (each as defined in our declaration of trust), to own, actually or constructively, more than 3% of our outstanding common shares or 9.9% of the outstanding shares of any class or series of preferred or equity shares. our board may grant, and has previously granted, a specific exemption. these limits could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the company not approved by our board.
•similarly, current provisions of our declaration of trust and powers of our board could have the same effect, including (1) limitations on removal of trustees, (2) restrictions on the acquisition of our shares of beneficial interest, (3) the power to issue additional common shares, preferred shares or equity shares on terms approved by our board without obtaining shareholder approval, (4) the advance notice provisions of our bylaws and (5) our board's ability under maryland law, without obtaining shareholder approval, to implement takeover defenses that we may not yet have and to take, or refrain from taking, other actions that could have the effect of delaying, deterring or preventing a transaction or a change in control.
holders of our preferred shares are entitled to cumulative dividends before any dividends may be declared or set aside on our common stock. upon liquidation, holders of our preferred shares will receive a liquidation preference of $25,000 per share (or $25.00 per depositary share) plus any accrued and unpaid distributions before any payment is made to the common shareholders. these preferences may limit the amount received by our common shareholders either from ongoing distributions or upon liquidation. in addition, our preferred shareholders have the right to elect two additional directors to our board whenever dividends are in arrears in an aggregate amount equivalent to six or more quarterly dividends, whether or not consecutive.
holders of our preferred shares have preference rights over our common shareholders with respect to liquidation and distributions, which give them some assurance of continued payment of their stated dividend rate, and receipt of their principal upon liquidation of the company or redemption of their securities. however, holders of our preferred shares should consider the following risks:
•the company has in the past, and could in the future, issue or assume additional debt. preferred shareholders would be subordinated to the interest and principal payments of such debt, which would increase the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions or liquidation amounts to the preferred shareholders.
•the company has in the past, and could in the future, issue additional preferred shares that, while pari passu to the existing preferred shares, increases the risk that there would not be sufficient funds to pay distributions to the preferred shareholders.
•while the company has no plans to do so, if the company were to lose its reit status or no longer elect reit status, it would no longer be required to distribute its taxable income to maintain reit status. if, in such a circumstance, the company ceased paying dividends, unpaid distributions to the preferred shareholders would continue to accumulate. the preferred shareholders would have the ability to elect two additional members to serve on our board until the arrearage was cured. the preferred shareholders would not receive any compensation (such as interest) for the delay in the receipt of distributions, and it is possible that the arrearage could accumulate indefinitely.
risks related to government regulations and taxation we would incur adverse tax consequences if we failed to qualify as a reit, and we would have to pay substantial u.s. federal corporate income taxes.
reits are subject to a range of complex organizational and operational requirements. a qualifying reit does not generally incur u.s. federal corporate income tax on its "reit taxable income" (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain) that it distributes to its shareholders. our reit status is also dependent upon the ongoing reit qualification of psb as a result of our substantial ownership interest in it. we believe we have qualified as a reit and we intend to continue to maintain our reit status.
however, there can be no assurance that we qualify or will continue to qualify as a reit, because of the highly technical nature of the reit rules, the ongoing importance of factual determinations, the possibility of unidentified issues in prior periods, or changes in our circumstances, as well as share ownership limits in our articles of incorporation that do not necessarily ensure that our shareholder base is sufficiently diverse for us to qualify as a reit. for any year we fail to qualify as a reit, unless certain relief provisions apply (the granting of such relief could nonetheless result in significant excise or penalty taxes), we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid, we would be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on our taxable income, and generally we would not be allowed to elect reit status until the fifth year after such a disqualification. any taxes, interest, and penalties incurred would reduce our cash available for distributions to shareholders and could negatively affect our stock price. however, for years in which we failed to qualify as a reit, we would not be subject to reit rules that require us to distribute substantially all of our taxable income to our shareholders.
the united states treasury department and congress frequently review federal income tax legislation, regulations and other guidance. we cannot predict whether, when, or to what extent new federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted, but these changes might include, in particular, increases in the u.s. federal income tax rates that apply to us or our shareholders in certain circumstances, possibly with retroactive effect.
changes made by the tax cuts and jobs act, signed into law on december 22, 2017, limit our ability to deduct compensation in excess of $1 million paid to certain senior executives. this could require us to increase distributions to our shareholders in the future in order to avoid paying tax and to maintain our reit status.
even if we qualify as a reit for u.s. federal corporate income tax purposes, we may be subject to some federal, foreign, state and local taxes on our income and property. since january 1, 2001, certain consolidated corporate subsidiaries of the company have elected to be treated as taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss") for u.s. federal corporate income tax purposes, and are taxable as regular corporations and subject to certain limitations on intercompany transactions. if tax authorities determine that amounts paid by our trss to us are not reasonable compared to similar arrangements among unrelated parties, we could be subject to a 100% penalty tax on the excess payments, and ongoing intercompany arrangements could have to change, resulting in higher ongoing tax payments. to the extent the company is required to pay federal, foreign, state or local taxes or federal penalty taxes due to existing laws or changes thereto, we will have less cash available for distribution to shareholders.
in addition, certain local and state governments have imposed taxes on self-storage rent. while in most cases those taxes are paid by our customers, they increase the cost of self-storage rental to our customers and can negatively impact our revenues. other local and state governments may impose self-storage rent taxes in the future.
approximately $649 million of our 2021 net operating income is from our properties in california, and we incurred approximately $46 million in related property tax expense. due to the impact of proposition 13, which generally limits increases in assessed values to 2% per year, the assessed value and resulting property tax we pay is less than it would be if the properties were assessed at current values. from time to time, proposals have been made to reduce the beneficial impact of proposition 13, most recently in the november 2020 ballot. while this ballot initiative failed, there can be no assurance that future initiatives or other legislative actions will not eliminate or reduce the benefit of proposition 13 with respect to our properties. if the beneficial effect of proposition 13 were ended for our properties, our property tax expense could increase substantially, adversely affecting our cash flow from operations and net income.
we are subject to new and changing legislation and regulations, including the americans with disabilities act of 1990 and legislation regarding property taxes, income taxes, reit status, labor and employment, privacy and, lien sales, at the city, county, state, and federal level, which could materially impact our business and operations. failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and policies may subject us to increased litigation and regulatory actions and negatively affect our business and operations or reputation.
on november 3, 2020, californians passed a ballot measure that creates the california privacy rights act ("cpra"). the cpra amends and expands the california consumer privacy act (ccpa), which went into effect on january 1, 2020. the cpra, which goes into effect on january 1, 2023, provides new rights and amends existing rights found in the ccpa. it also creates a new privacy enforcement authority, the california privacy protection agency ("calppa"). the cpra grants the attorney general and the calppa the authority to issue regulations on a wide range of topics. it therefore remains unclear what, if any, modifications will be made to the cpra or how it will be interpreted. while we believe we have developed processes to comply with current privacy requirements, a regulatory agency may not agree with certain of our implementation decisions, which could subject us to litigation, regulatory actions or changes to our business practices that could increase costs or reduce revenues. other states have also considered or are considering privacy laws similar to those passed in california. similar laws may be implemented in other jurisdictions in which we do business and in ways that may be more restrictive than those in california, increasing the cost of compliance, as well as the risk of noncompliance, on our business.
our tenant reinsurance business is subject to governmental regulation which could reduce our profitability or limit our growth.
we hold limited lines self-service storage insurance agent licenses from a number of individual state departments of insurance and are subject to state governmental regulation and supervision.  our continued ability to maintain these limited lines self-service storage insurance agent licenses in the jurisdictions in which we are licensed depends on our compliance with related rules and regulations.  the regulatory authorities in each jurisdiction generally have broad discretion to grant, renew and revoke licenses and approvals, to promulgate, interpret, and implement regulations, and to evaluate compliance with regulations through periodic examinations, audits and investigations of the affairs of insurance agents. as a result of regulatory or private action in any jurisdiction, we may be temporarily or permanently suspended from continuing some or all of our reinsurance activities, or otherwise fined or penalized or suffer an adverse judgment, which could reduce our net income.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of consolidated financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires us to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates that affect the amounts reported. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances to determine reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources.
we believe the following are our critical accounting estimates, because they are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the portrayal of our financial condition and results, and they require us to make judgments and estimates about matters that involve a significant level of uncertainty.
impairment of long-lived assets: the analysis of impairment of our long-lived assets, including our real estate facilities, involves identification of indicators of impairment, including unfavorable operational results and significant cost overruns on construction, projections of future operating cash flows, and estimates of fair values, all of which require significant judgment and subjectivity. in particular, these estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions, such as the projections of future rental rates, stabilized occupancy level, future profit margin, discount rates and capitalization rates, all of which could be affected by our expectations about future market or economic conditions. others could come to materially different conclusions. in addition, we may not have identified all current facts and circumstances that may affect impairment. any unidentified impairment loss, or change in conclusions, could have a material adverse impact on our net income.
allocating purchase price for acquired real estate facilities: we estimate the fair values of the assets and liabilities of acquired real estate facilities, which consist principally of land and buildings, for purposes of allocating the aggregate purchase price of acquired real estate facilities. we estimate the fair value of land based upon price per square foot derived from observable transactions involving comparable land in similar locations as adjusted for location quality, parcel size, and date of sale associated with the acquired facilities. the fair value estimate of land is sensitive to the adjustments made to the land market transactions used in the estimate, particularly when there is a lack of recent comparable land market data. for large portfolio acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of buildings primarily using the income approach by estimating the fair value of hypothetical vacant acquired facilities and adjusting for the estimated fair value of land. for individual and small portfolio acquisitions, we estimate the fair value of buildings primarily based upon the estimated current replacement cost, which we calculate by estimating the replacement cost of new purpose-built self-storage facilities in similar geographic regions and adjusting for age, quality, amenities, and configuration associated with the buildings acquired. the fair value estimate of buildings is sensitive to assumptions used in both the income approach, such as lease-up period, future stabilized operating cash flows, capitalization rate and discount rate, and in the replacement cost approach, such as current cost adjustment, soft cost and developer profit estimate. others could come to materially different conclusions as to the estimated fair values of land and buildings, which would result in different depreciation and amortization expense, gains and losses on sale of real estate assets, as well as the level of land and buildings on our consolidated balance sheet.
overview our self-storage operations generate most of our net income and our earnings growth is most impacted by the level of organic growth within our same store facilities (as defined below). accordingly, a significant portion of management's time is devoted to maximizing cash flows from our existing self-storage facility portfolio.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, revenues generated by our same store facilities increased by 10.5%, as compared to the previous year, while same store cost of operations decreased by 2%. demand and operating trends have continued to improve, leading to increases in our self-storage rental rates and reduction in advertising expense in all markets while maintaining high levels of occupancy.
in addition to managing our existing facilities for organic growth, we have grown and plan to continue to grow through the acquisition and development of new facilities and expansion of our existing self-storage facilities. during 2021, we acquired a near-record high of 232 facilities with 21.8 million net rentable square feet for $5.1 billion. in addition, we developed and expanded self-storage space for a total cost of $218.0 million, adding 1.6 million net rentable square feet. during the year ended december 31, 2021, revenue generated by our acquired and newly developed and expanded facilities increased by 112.9% as compared to the previous year.
our strong financial profile continues to enable effective access to capital markets in order to support our growth. during 2021, we raised an aggregate of $5.1 billion in four public debt offerings, resulting in aggregate notes payable of $7.5 billion with a weighted average rate of 1.8% at december 31, 2021. additionally, during 2021, we issued $1.2 billion in three public offerings of our preferred shares offset by $1.2 billion in redemptions of our preferred shares, reducing our weighted average dividend rate from 4.8% at december 31, 2020 to 4.5% at december 31, 2021.
in order to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors (including newly developed facilities) and execute on our climate initiatives and long-term sustainability strategies, we have embarked on our multi-year property of tomorrow program to (i) rebrand our properties through more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage, (ii) enhance the energy efficiency of our properties, and (iii) upgrade the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. we expect to complete the program by the end of 2025. we spent approximately $130 million on the program in 2021 and expect to spend approximately $180 million in 2022.
in 2021, net income allocable to our common shareholders was $1,732.4 million or $9.87 per diluted common share, compared to $1,098.3 million or $6.29 per diluted common share in 2020 representing an increase of $634.1 million or $3.58 per diluted common share. the increase is due primarily to (i) a $437.4 million increase in self-storage net operating income, (ii) a $209.7 million increase in foreign currency exchange gains associated with our euro denominated notes payable, and (iii) our $149.0 million equity share of gains on sale of real estate recorded by ps business parks in 2021, partially offset by (iv) a $160.2 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense.
the $437.4 million increase in self-storage net operating income in 2021 as compared to 2020 is a result of a $276.9 million increase in our same store facilities, and a $160.5 million increase in our non-same store facilities (as defined below). revenues for the same store facilities increased 10.5% or $262.7 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to higher realized annual rent per available square foot and weighted average square foot occupancy. cost of operations for the same store facilities decreased by 2.0% or $14.2 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to (i) a 36.1% ($22.4 million) decrease in marketing expenses and (ii) an 11.2% ($14.4 million) decrease in on-site property manager payroll. the increase in net operating income of $160.5 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2021 and 2020 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities.
in 2020, net income allocable to our common shareholders was $1,098.3 million or $6.29 per diluted common share, compared to $1,272.8 million or $7.29 per diluted common share in 2019, representing a decrease of $174.4 million or $1.00 per diluted common share. the decrease is due primarily to (i) a $105.8 million increase in foreign currency exchange losses associated with our euro denominated notes payable, (ii) a $40.3 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense, (iii) a $21.1 million increase in general and administrative expense, (iv) a $15.6 million decrease due to the impact of allocations to preferred shareholders with respect to redemption of preferred shares, and (v) a $8.0 million decrease in self-storage net operating income.
the $8.0 million decrease in self-storage net operating income is a result of a $39.4 million decrease in our same store facilities, offset partially by a $31.4 million increase in our non-same store facilities. revenues for the same store facilities decreased 0.8% or $20.7 million in 2020 as compared to 2019, due primarily to reduced late charges and administrative fees. cost of operations for the same store facilities increased by 2.7% or $18.8 million in 2020 as compared to 2019, due primarily to a 22.6% ($11.4 million) increase in marketing expenses, a 3.0% ($7.6 million) increase in property tax expense, and a 2.3% ($2.9 million) increase in on-site property manager payroll expense. the increase in net operating income of $31.4 million for the non-same store facilities is due primarily to the impact of facilities acquired in 2020 and 2019 and the fill-up of recently developed and expanded facilities.
funds from operations and core funds from operations funds from operations ("ffo") and ffo per share are non-gaap measures defined by the national association of real estate investment trusts and are considered helpful measures of reit performance by reits and many reit analysts. ffo represents net income before depreciation and amortization, which is excluded because it is based upon historical costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time, while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. ffo also excludes gains or losses on sale of real estate assets and real estate impairment charges, which are also based upon historical costs and are impacted by historical depreciation. ffo and ffo per share are not a substitute for net income or earnings per share. ffo is not a substitute for net cash flow in evaluating our liquidity or ability to pay dividends, because it excludes investing and financing activities presented on our consolidated statements of cash flows. in addition, other reits may compute these measures differently, so comparisons among reits may not be helpful.
gains on sale of real estate investments, including our equity share from investments               (0.95)                                  (0.07)                                  (0.03)
eliminate items excluded from ffo:
depreciation allocated to noncontrolling interests and restricted share unitholders                (4,415)                                 (3,850)                                 (4,208)
gains on sale of real estate investments, including our equity share from investments            (165,272)                                (12,791)                                 (5,896)
we also present "core ffo" and "core ffo per share," non-gaap measures that represent ffo and ffo per share excluding the impact of (i) foreign currency exchange gains and losses, (ii) charges related to the redemption of preferred securities, and (iii) certain other non-cash and/or nonrecurring income or expense items primarily representing, with respect to the periods presented below, the impact of loss contingency accruals, casualties, transactional due diligence, and advisory costs. we review core ffo and core ffo per share to evaluate our ongoing operating performance and we believe they are used by investors and reit analysts in a similar manner. however, core ffo and core ffo per share are not substitutes for net income and net income per share. because other reits may not compute core ffo or core ffo per share in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology or may not present such measures, core ffo and core ffo per share may not be comparable among reits.
eliminate the per share impact of items excluded from core ffo, including our equity share from investments:
other items                                                                                                                      -                            0.02                                                                0.02                               -
eliminate the impact of items excluded from core ffo, including our equity share from investments:
other items                                                                                                                  (543)                           4,412                                                               4,412                             255
(a)preferred share redemption charge was presented in allocation of net income to preferred shareholders - redemption and equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities on the consolidated statements of income for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019.
analysis of net income - self-storage operations our self-storage operations are analyzed in four groups: (i) the 2,274 facilities that we have owned and operated on a stabilized basis since january 1, 2019 (the "same store facilities"), (ii) 338 facilities we acquired after december 31, 2019 (the "acquired facilities"), (iii) 142 facilities that have been newly developed or expanded, or that had commenced expansion by december 31, 2021 (the "newly developed and expanded facilities"), and (iv) 33 other facilities, which are otherwise not stabilized with respect to occupancies or rental rates since january 1, 2019 (the "other non-same store facilities"). see note 13 to our december 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements "segment information," for a reconciliation of the amounts in the tables below to our total net income.
same store facilities                                 $2,767,577                      $2,504,919                            10.5       %                  $2,504,919                      $2,525,572                           (0.8)       %
acquired facilities                                      203,331                          42,699                           376.2       %                      42,699                          12,704                           236.1       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                  205,068                         149,086                            37.6       %                     149,086                         121,378                            22.8       %
other non-same store facilities                           27,590                          24,926                            10.7       %                      24,926                          24,898                             0.1       %
same store facilities                                    697,244                         711,451                           (2.0)       %                     711,451                         692,656                             2.7       %
acquired facilities                                       71,407                          20,065                           255.9       %                      20,065                           5,178                           287.5       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                   73,617                          66,444                            10.8       %                      66,444                          55,049                            20.7       %
other non-same store facilities                            9,762                           9,583                             1.9       %                       9,583                           9,533                             0.5       %
same store facilities                                  2,070,333                       1,793,468                            15.4       %                   1,793,468                       1,832,916                           (2.2)       %
acquired facilities                                      131,924                          22,634                           482.9       %                      22,634                           7,526                           200.7       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                  131,451                          82,642                            59.1       %                      82,642                          66,329                            24.6       %
other non-same store facilities                           17,828                          15,343                            16.2       %                      15,343                          15,365                           (0.1)       %
same store facilities                                  (447,599)                       (445,756)                             0.4       %                   (445,756)                       (434,150)                             2.7       %
acquired facilities                                    (183,086)                        (32,939)                           455.8       %                    (32,939)                        (12,883)                           155.7       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                 (61,645)                        (53,621)                            15.0       %                    (53,621)                        (46,340)                            15.7       %
other non-same store facilities                         (21,098)                        (20,941)                             0.7       %                    (20,941)                        (19,545)                             7.1       %
same store facilities                                  1,622,734                       1,347,712                            20.4       %                   1,347,712                       1,398,766                           (3.6)       %
acquired facilities                                     (51,162)                        (10,305)                           396.5       %                    (10,305)                         (5,357)                            92.4       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                   69,806                          29,021                           140.5       %                      29,021                          19,989                            45.2       %
other non-same store facilities                          (3,270)                         (5,598)                          (41.6)       %                     (5,598)                         (4,180)                            33.9       %
number of facilities at period end:
same store facilities                                      2,274                           2,274                                       -                       2,274                           2,274                                       -
acquired facilities                                          338                             106                           218.9       %                         106                              44                           140.9       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                      142                             134                             6.0       %                         134                             131                             2.3       %
other non-same store facilities                               33                              34                           (2.9)       %                          34                              34                                       -
same store facilities                                    148,695                         148,695                                       -                     148,695                         148,695                                       -
acquired facilities                                       30,059                           8,229                           265.3       %                       8,229                           3,133                           162.7       %
newly developed and expanded facilities                   17,407                          15,891                             9.5       %                      15,891                          14,797                             7.4       %
other non-same store facilities                            2,158                           2,236                           (3.5)       %                       2,236                           2,283                           (2.1)       %
(a)net operating income or "noi" is a non-gaap financial measure that excludes the impact of depreciation and amortization expense, which is based upon historical real estate costs and assumes that building values diminish ratably over time, while we believe that real estate values fluctuate due to market conditions. we utilize noi in determining current property values, evaluating property performance, and in evaluating property operating trends. we believe that investors and analysts utilize noi in a similar manner. noi is not a substitute for net income, operating cash flow, or other related financial measures, in evaluating our operating results. see note 13 to our december 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements for a reconciliation of noi to our total net income for all periods presented.
same store facilities the same store facilities consist of facilities we have owned and operated on a stabilized level of occupancy, revenues, and cost of operations since january 1, 2019. the composition of our same store facilities allows us more effectively to evaluate the ongoing performance of our self-storage portfolio in 2019, 2020, and 2021 and exclude the impact of fill-up of unstabilized facilities, which can significantly affect operating trends. we believe investors and analysts use same store information in a similar manner. however, because other reits may not compute same store facilities in the same manner as we do, may not use the same terminology or may not present such a measure, same store facilities may not be comparable among reits.
the following table summarizes the historical operating results of these 2,274 facilities (148.7 million net rentable square feet) that represent approximately 75% of the aggregate net rentable square feet of our u.s. consolidated self-storage portfolio at december 31, 2021. it includes various measures and detail that we do not include in the analysis of the developed, acquired, and other non-same store facilities, due to the relative magnitude and importance of the same store facilities relative to our other self-storage facilities.
selected operating data for the same store facilities (2,274 facilities)
on-site property manager payroll                                                          114,437                          128,879                                  (11.2)%                     128,879                          125,991                                     2.3%
utilities                                                                                  40,401                           41,201                                   (1.9)%                      41,201                           45,225                                   (8.9)%
(a)revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sale revenues and expenses generated at the facilities. see "ancillary operations" below for more information.
(b)direct net operating income ("direct noi"), a subtotal within noi, is a non-gaap financial measure that excludes the impact of supervisory payroll, centralized management costs and share-based compensation in addition to depreciation and amortization expense. we utilize direct net operating income in evaluating property performance and in evaluating property operating trends as compared to our competitors.
(c)realized annual rent per occupied square foot is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the weighted average occupied square feet for the period. realized annual rent per available square foot ("revpaf") is computed by dividing rental income, before late charges and administrative fees, by the total available net rentable square feet for the period. these measures exclude late charges and administrative fees in order to provide a better measure of our ongoing level of revenue. late charges are dependent upon the level of delinquency and administrative fees are dependent upon the level of move-ins. in addition, the rates charged for late charges and administrative fees can vary independently from rental rates. these measures take into consideration promotional discounts, which reduce rental income.
(d)annual contract rent represents the agreed upon monthly rate that is paid by our tenants in place at the time of measurement. contract rates are initially set in the lease agreement upon move-in and we adjust them from time to time with notice. contract rent excludes other fees that are charged on a per-item basis, such as late charges and administrative fees, does not reflect the impact of promotional discounts, and does not reflect the impact of rents that are written off as uncollectible.
we typically increase rental rates to our long-term tenants (generally, those who have been with us for at least a year) every six to twelve months. as a result, the number of long-term tenants we have in our facilities is an important factor in our revenue growth. the level of rate increases to long-term tenants is based upon evaluating the additional revenue from the increase against the negative impact of incremental move-outs, by considering the customer's in-place rent and prevailing market rents, among other factors.
revenues generated by our same store facilities increased 10.5% in 2021 and decreased 0.8% in 2020, in each case as compared to the previous year. the increase in 2021 is due primarily to (i) an 8.8% increase in realized annual rent per occupied square foot for 2021 as compared to 2020 and, to a lesser extent, (ii) a 1.9% increase in average occupancy for 2021 as compared to 2020. the decrease in 2020 is due to the negative impact caused by the covid pandemic, certain restrictions on rate increases to existing tenants imposed by local governments due to declared state of emergency, reduced late charges and administrative fees, as well as the continued impact of increased new supply from new developments.
realized annual rent per occupied square foot increased 8.8% in 2021 as compared to 2020. the increase of realized annual rent per occupied square foot in 2021 as compared to 2020 was due to (i) a 25.8% year over year increase in average rates per square foot charged to new tenants moving in as a result of strong customer demand across all markets, combined with (ii) rate increases to existing tenants in 2021 as compared to the curtailed increases in 2020. at december 31, 2021, annual contract rent per occupied square foot was 11.8% higher as compared to december 31, 2020.
we experienced high occupancy levels throughout 2021. our average square foot occupancy levels increased 1.9% on a year over year basis during 2021 and at december 31, 2021, our square foot occupancy was 94.8%. the improvement in occupancy trends was due primarily to improved trends in move-outs, with year over year move-outs down 7.9% in 2021. this resulted in an increased average length of stay for 2021, which supports revenue growth through rate increases to long-term tenants and a reduced requirement to replace vacating tenants with new tenants, leading to reduced promotional costs and increased pricing leverage. this reduced requirement to replace vacating tenants with new tenants resulted in lower move-in volumes throughout 2021. with higher occupancy and pricing trends, we reduced promotional discounts given to new move-in customers for 2021 by 49.8% as compared to 2020.
selected key statistical data the following table sets forth average annual contract rent per square foot and total square footage for tenants moving in and moving out during the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020, and 2019. it also includes promotional discounts, which vary based upon the move-in contractual rates, move-in volume, and percentage of tenants moving in who receive the discount.
analysis of same store cost of operations cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) decreased 2.0% in 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to decreased marketing and on-site property manager payroll expense. cost of operations (excluding depreciation and amortization) increased 2.7% in 2020 as compared to 2019 due primarily to increased marketing and property tax expense.
on-site property manager payroll expense decreased 11.2% in 2021 as compared to 2020 and increased 2.3% in 2020 as compared to 2019. the decrease in 2021 is primarily due to (i) a year-over-year decline in hours worked due to staffing reductions from reduced move-in and move-out activity and revisions to other operational processes and (ii) a temporary $3.00 hourly incentive increase and enhancement of paid time off benefits to all of our property managers between april 1, 2020 and june 30, 2020 in response to the covid pandemic, partially offset by wage increases in response to competitive labor conditions experienced in most geographical markets since the second quarter of 2021. on october 1, 2021, we increased the wages of all of our property employees by an average of 7.5%, bringing our average pay for non-resident property employees (i.e. those not receiving rent and utility free housing) to $15 per hour. we expect on-
site property manager payroll expense to increase in 2022 driven by increased wage rates, partially offset by expected reduction in labor hours.
our utility expenses consist primarily of electricity costs, which are dependent upon energy prices, subject to fluctuations due to market conditions, and usage levels. changes in usage levels are driven primarily by weather and temperature. utility expense decreased 1.9% in 2021 as compared to 2020 and 8.9% in 2020 as compared to 2019. the decreases experienced in 2021 and 2020 are due primarily to investments we are making in energy saving technology such as solar power and led lights, which generate favorable returns on investment in the form of lower utility usage.
marketing expense includes internet advertising and the operating costs of our telephone reservation center. internet advertising expense, comprising keyword search fees assessed on a "per click" basis, varies based upon demand for self-storage space, the quantity of people inquiring about self-storage through online search, occupancy levels, the number and aggressiveness of bidding competitors, and other factors. these factors are volatile; accordingly, internet advertising can increase or decrease significantly in the short-term. we decreased marketing expense by 36.1% in 2021 as compared to 2020 due primarily to lower volume of paid search programs we utilized in 2021 given strong demand and high occupancies in many of our same store properties. marketing expense increased 22.6% in 2020 as compared to 2019, due primarily to both higher volume of paid search programs we utilized to attract more customers for our space, and cost per click for keyword search terms increased due to more keyword bidding competition from existing self-storage owners and operators, including owners of newly developed facilities and nontraditional storage providers.
other direct property costs include administrative expenses specific to each self-storage facility, such as property insurance, telephone and data communication lines, business license costs, bank charges related to processing the facilities' cash receipts, tenant mailings, credit card fees, eviction costs, and the cost of operating each property's rental office. these costs increased 7.8% in 2021 as compared to 2020 and 1.8% in 2020 as compared to 2019. we continue to experience increased credit card fees due to a long-term trend of more customers paying with credit cards rather than cash, checks, or other methods of payment with lower transaction costs.
supervisory payroll expense, which represents cash compensation paid to the management personnel who directly and indirectly supervise the on-site property managers, decreased 9.6% in 2021 as compared to 2020, due primarily to lower headcount in 2021 and incentives related to the covid pandemic in 2020. supervisory payroll increased 4.8% in 2020 as compared to 2019 due to higher headcount.
centralized management costs represents administrative and cash compensation expenses for shared general corporate functions to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations. such functions include information technology support, hardware, and software, as well as centralized administration of payroll, benefits, training, repairs and maintenance, customer service, pricing and marketing, operational accounting and finance, and legal costs. centralized management costs increased 12.8% in 2021 as compared to 2020 and decreased 3.6% in 2020 as compared to 2019. the increase in 2021 was due primarily to an increase in technology and data team costs that support property operations. we expect increases in centralized management costs in 2022 due to continued investment in our technology and data platforms that support our property operations.
share-based compensation expense includes the amortization of restricted share units and stock options granted to management personnel who directly and indirectly supervise the on-site property managers, as well as those employees responsible for providing shared general corporate functions to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations. such functions are listed above under centralized management costs. share-based compensation expense varies based upon the level of grants and their related vesting and amortization periods, forfeitures, as well as the company's common share price on the date of each grant. share-based compensation expense increased 37.3% in 2021 as compared to 2020 and 17.3% in 2020 as compared to 2019. the increase in 2021 is due primarily to the absence of comparable performance-based share-based compensation expense in 2020 and the accelerated compensation costs recognized in 2021 associated with modifying our share-based compensation plans in july 2020, to allow immediate vesting upon retirement.
analysis of market trends the following tables set forth selected market trends in our same store facilities:
same store facilities operating trends by market as of december 31, 2021                                                                                                                    year ended december 31, number            square                                realized rent per                        average occupancy                                realized rent per of              feet                             occupied square foot                                                                     available square foot facilities        (millions)
same store facilities operating trends by market (continued)
same store facilities operating trends by market (continued)
as of december 31, 2021                                                                                                                      year ended december 31, number            square                                realized rent per                          average occupancy                                realized rent per of              feet                             occupied square foot                                                                       available square foot facilities        (millions)
same store facilities operating trends by market (continued)
acquired facilities the acquired facilities represent 338 facilities that we acquired in 2019, 2020, and 2021. as a result of the stabilization process and timing of when these facilities were acquired (and resulting reclassification to same-store facilities), year-over-year changes can be significant. the following table summarizes operating data with respect to the acquired facilities:
acquired facilities                                                       year ended december 31,                                                                year ended december 31,
2019 acquisitions           $41,967                       $31,334                       $10,633                       $31,334                    $12,704                       $18,630
2020 acquisitions            54,890                        11,365                        43,525                        11,365                          -                        11,365
2021 acquisitions           106,474                             -                       106,474                             -                          -                             -
2019 acquisitions            13,486                        13,323                           163                        13,323                      5,178                         8,145
2020 acquisitions            25,216                         6,742                        18,474                         6,742                          -                         6,742
2021 acquisitions            32,705                             -                        32,705                             -                          -                             -
2019 acquisitions            28,481                        18,011                        10,470                        18,011                      7,526                        10,485
2020 acquisitions            29,674                         4,623                        25,051                         4,623                          -                         4,623
2021 acquisitions            73,769                             -                        73,769                             -                          -                             -
2019 acquisitions             92.4%                         91.7%                          0.8%                         91.7%                      73.6%                         24.6%
2020 acquisitions             88.2%                         63.5%                         38.9%                         63.5%                          -                             -
2021 acquisitions             79.9%                             -                             -                             -                          -                             -
2019 acquisitions            $15.65                        $11.93                         31.2%                        $11.93                     $12.27                        (2.8)%
2020 acquisitions             14.82                         12.50                         18.6%                         12.50                          -                             -
2021 acquisitions             15.62                             -                             -                             -                          -                             -
number of facilities:
2019 acquisitions                44                            44                             -                            44                         44                             -
2020 acquisitions                62                            62                             -                            62                          -                            62
2021 acquisitions               232                             -                           232                             -                          -                             -
2019 acquisitions             3,154                         3,154                             -                         3,154                      3,133                            21
2020 acquisitions             5,075                         5,075                             -                         5,075                          -                         5,075
2021 acquisitions            21,830                             -                        21,830                             -                          -                             -
acquired facilities (continued)
2019 acquisitions                      $429,850
2020 acquisitions                       796,065
2021 acquisitions                     5,115,276
(a)represents the percentage change with respect to square foot occupancy and annual contract rent per occupied square foot, and the absolute nominal change with respect to all other items.
(b)revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sale revenues and expenses generated at the facilities. see "ancillary operations" below for more information.
during 2021, we acquired the ezstorage portfolio, consisting of 48 properties (4.1 million net rentable square feet) for acquisition cost of $1.8 billion, which includes 47 self-storage facilities and one property that is under construction. included in the 2021 acquisition results in the table above are revenues of $61.7 million, noi of $48.5 million (including direct noi of $50.2 million) and square footage occupancy of 92.2% for 2021 since the acquisition on april 28, 2021.
during 2021, we acquired the all storage portfolio consisting of 56 properties (7.5 million net rentable square feet) for $1.5 billion, with 55 properties closed in the fourth quarter of 2021 and one property expected to close in early 2022.
subsequent to december 31, 2021, we are under contract to acquire 15 self-storage facilities across 10 states with 1.2 million net rentable square feet, for $212.4 million.
developed and expanded facilities the developed and expanded facilities include 70 facilities that were developed on new sites since january 1, 2016, and 72 facilities subject to expansion of their net rentable square footage. of these expansions, 43 were completed at january 1, 2020, 23 were completed in the 24 months ended december 31, 2021, and 6 are currently in process at december 31, 2021. the following table summarizes operating data with respect to the developed and expanded facilities:
developed and expanded facilities                                                                                   year ended december 31,                                                               year ended december 31,
developed and expanded facilities (continued)
number of facilities:
(a)represents the percentage change with respect to square foot occupancy and annual contract rent per occupied square foot, and the absolute nominal change with respect to all other items.
(b)revenues and cost of operations do not include tenant reinsurance and merchandise sales generated at the facilities. see "ancillary operations" below for more information.
(c)the facilities included above have an aggregate of approximately 17.4 million net rentable square feet at december 31, 2021, including 6.0 million in texas, 2.6 million in florida, 2.2 million in california, 1.5 million in colorado, 1.1 million in minnesota, 0.9 million in north carolina, 0.6 million in washington, 0.4 million in each of missouri and virginia, 0.3 million in each of georgia, michigan, new jersey and south carolina and 0.5 million in other states.
(d)these amounts only include the direct cost incurred to expand and renovate these facilities, and do not include (i) the original cost to develop or acquire the facility or (ii) the lost revenue on space demolished during the construction and fill-up period.
it typically takes at least three to four years for a newly developed or expanded self-storage facility to stabilize with respect to revenues. physical occupancy can be achieved as early as two to three years following completion of the development or expansion, through offering lower rental rates during fill-up. as a result, even after achieving high occupancy, there can still be a period of elevated revenue growth as the tenant base matures and higher rental rates are achieved.
we believe that our development and redevelopment activities generate favorable risk-adjusted returns over the long run. however, in the short run, our earnings are diluted during the construction and stabilization period due to the cost of capital to fund the development cost, as well as the related construction and development overhead expenses included in general and administrative expense.
we typically underwrite new developments to stabilize at approximately an 8.0% noi yield on cost. our developed facilities have thus far leased-up as expected and are at various stages of their revenue stabilization periods. the actual annualized yields that we may achieve on these facilities upon stabilization will depend on many factors, including local and current market conditions in the vicinity of each property and the level of new and existing supply.
at december 31, 2021, we had 22 additional facilities in development, which will have a total of 1.8 million net rentable square feet of storage space and have an aggregate development cost totaling approximately $331.0 million. we expect these facilities to open over the next 18 to 24 months.
the facilities under "expansions completed" represent those facilities where the expansions have been completed at december 31, 2021. we incurred a total of $582.8 million in direct cost to expand these facilities, demolished a total of 1.1 million net rentable square feet of storage space, and built a total of 5.6 million net rentable square feet of new storage space.
the facilities under "expansion in process" represent those facilities where construction is in process at december 31, 2021, and together with additional expansion activities primarily related to our same store facilities at december 31, 2021, we expect to add a total of 2.8 million net rentable square feet of storage space by expanding existing self-storage facilities for an aggregate direct development cost of $469.0 million.
other non-same store facilities the "other non-same store facilities" represent facilities which, while not newly acquired, developed, or expanded, are not fully stabilized since january 1, 2019, due primarily to casualty events such as hurricanes, floods, and fires.
the other non-same store facilities have an aggregate of 2.2 million net rentable square feet, including 0.6 million in texas, 0.3 million in california, 0.2 million in each of georgia, ohio and tennessee, and 0.7 million in other states.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense for self-storage operations increased $160.2 million in 2021 as compared to 2020 and increased $40.3 million in 2020 as compared to 2019, primarily due to acquired, developed and expanded facilities. we expect continued increases in depreciation expense in 2022 as a result of elevated levels of capital expenditures and new facilities that are acquired, developed or expanded in 2022.
the following discussion and analysis of the components of net income present a comparison for the year ended december 31, 2021 to the year ended december 31, 2020. the results of these components for the years ended december 31, 2020 compared to december 31, 2019 was included in our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2020 on page 24, under part ii, item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," which was filed with the sec on february 24, 2021.
ancillary operations ancillary revenues and expenses include amounts associated with the reinsurance of policies against losses to goods stored by tenants in our self-storage facilities, sale of merchandise at our self-storage facilities, and management of property owned by unrelated third parties. the following table sets forth our ancillary operations:
tenant reinsurance operations: tenant reinsurance premium revenue increased $17.3 million or 11.6% in 2021 over 2020 as a result of higher average premiums and an increase in our tenant base with respect to acquired, newly developed, and expanded facilities and the third party properties we manage. tenant reinsurance premium revenue generated from tenants at our same-store facilities were $133.8 million and $128.0 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, representing a 4.5% year over year increase in 2021.
we expect future growth will come primarily from customers of newly acquired and developed facilities, as well as additional tenants at our existing unstabilized self-storage facilities.
merchandise sales: sales of locks, boxes, and packing supplies at our self-storage facilities are primarily impacted by the level of move-ins and other customer traffic at our self-storage facilities. we do not expect any significant changes in revenues or profitability from our merchandise sales in 2022.
third-party property management: at december 31, 2021, we managed 93 facilities for unrelated third parties, and were under contract to manage 59 additional facilities including 54 facilities that are currently under construction. during 2021, we added 79 facilities to the program, acquired 25 facilities from the program, and had 19 properties exit the program due to sales to other buyers. while we expect this business to increase in scope and size, we do not expect any significant changes in overall profitability of this business in the near term as we seek new properties to manage and are in the earlier stages of lease-up for newly managed properties.
analysis of items not allocated to our reportable segments equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities for all periods presented, we have equity investments in psb and shurgard, which we account for using the equity method and record our pro-rata share of the net income of these entities. the following table, and the discussion below, sets forth our equity in earnings of unconsolidated real estate entities:
equity in earnings:
total equity in earnings             $232,093                    $80,497               $151,596
investment in psb: throughout all periods presented, we owned 7,158,354 shares of ps business parks, inc. ("psb") common stock and 7,305,355 limited partnership units in an operating partnership controlled by psb, representing an approximate 41% common equity interest as of december 31, 2021 (42% as of december 31, 2020). the limited partnership units are convertible at our option, subject to certain conditions, on a one-for-one basis into psb common stock.
at december 31, 2021, psb wholly-owned approximately 28 million rentable square feet of commercial space and had a 95% interest in a 395-unit apartment complex. psb also manages commercial space that we own pursuant to property management agreements.
included in our equity earnings from psb is our equity share of gains on sale of real estate totaling $149.0 million and $11.3 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. psb's filings and selected financial information, including discussion of the factors that affect its earnings, can be accessed through the sec, and on psb's website, www.psbusinessparks.com. information on this website is not incorporated by reference herein and is not a part of this annual report on form 10-k.
investment in shurgard: throughout all periods presented, we effectively owned, directly and indirectly, 31,268,459 shurgard common shares, representing an approximate 35% equity interest in shurgard. shurgard's common shares trade on euronext brussels under the "shur" symbol.
at december 31, 2021, shurgard owned 253 self-storage facilities with approximately 14 million net rentable square feet. shurgard pays us license fees for use of the shurgard® trademark, as described in more detail in note 4 to our december 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements.
equity in earnings from shurgard increased $8.7 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to the impact of improved same store operating income. shurgard's public filings and publicly reported information, including discussion of the factors that affect its earnings, can be obtained on its website, https://corporate.shurgard.eu and on the website of the luxembourg stock exchange, http://www.bourse.lu. information on these websites is not incorporated by reference herein and is not a part of this annual report on form 10-k.
for purposes of recording our equity in earnings from shurgard, the euro was translated at exchange rates of approximately 1.134 u.s. dollars per euro at december 31, 2021 (1.226 at december 31, 2020), and average exchange rates of 1.183 for 2021 and 1.141 for 2020.
development and acquisition costs                8,403                     10,839                    (2,436)
share-based compensation expense includes the amortization of restricted share units and stock options granted to certain corporate employees and trustees.
share-based compensation expense for management personnel who directly and indirectly supervise the on-site property managers, as well as those employees responsible for providing shared general corporate functions to the extent their efforts are devoted to self-storage operations, are included as self-storage cost of operations. see "same store facilities" for further information. share-based compensation expense varies based upon the level of grants and their related vesting and amortization periods, forfeitures, as well as the company's common share price on the date of each grant.
in july 2020, our share-based compensation plans were modified to allow immediate vesting upon retirement ("retirement acceleration"), and to extend the exercisability of outstanding stock options up to a year after retirement, for currently outstanding and future grants. employees are eligible for retirement acceleration if they meet certain conditions including length of service, age, notice of intent to retire, and facilitation of succession for their role.
in 2021, share-based compensation expense increased $19.2 million as compared to 2020, primarily due to (i) the absence of comparable performance-based share-based compensation expense in 2020 and (ii) the accelerated compensation costs recognized in 2021 associated with modifying our share-based compensation plans in july 2020, to allow immediate vesting upon retirement.
development and acquisition costs primarily represent internal and external expenses related to our development and acquisition of real estate facilities and varies primarily based upon the level of activities. the amounts in the above table are net of $14.6 million and $11.8 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively, in development costs that were capitalized to newly developed and redeveloped self-storage facilities. during 2020, we incurred $3.2 million in costs associated with the write-off of cancelled development projects.
tax compliance costs and taxes paid include taxes paid to various state and local authorities, the costs of filing tax returns, and other costs associated with complying with federal and state tax laws. such costs vary primarily based upon the tax rates and the level of our operations in the various states in which we do business. state income tax increased $2.9 million from 2020 to 2021, due to rising taxable income in certain states where there are differences between federal and state tax laws.
interest and other income: interest and other income is comprised of the revenue and cost associated with our commercial operations, interest earned on cash balances, and trademark license fees received from shurgard, as well as sundry other income items that are received from time to time in varying amounts. for 2021 and 2020, we recognized $12.3 million and $22.3 million interest and other income, respectively. amounts attributable to commercial operations was $8.1 million and $8.6 million in 2021 and 2020, respectively. excluding the aforementioned amounts attributable to our commercial operations, interest and other income decreased $9.5 million from 2020 to 2021, primarily due to $5.5 million other income recognized in 2020 related to litigation settlements and early repayment of notes receivable and $3.4 million decrease of interest earned on cash balances from 2020 to 2021.
interest expense: for 2021 and 2020, we incurred $94.3 million and $59.7 million, respectively, of interest on our outstanding notes payable. in determining interest expense, these amounts were offset by capitalized interest of $3.5 million and $3.4 million during 2021 and 2020, respectively, associated with our development activities. the increase of interest expense in 2021 as compared to 2020 is due to our issuances of debt. at december 31, 2021, we had $7.5 billion of notes payable outstanding, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 1.8%, compared to $2.5 billion of notes payable outstanding at december 31, 2020.
gain on sale of real estate: in 2021 and 2020, we recorded gains on sale of real estate totaling $13.7 million, and $1.5 million, respectively, primarily in connection with the partial or complete sale of real estate facilities pursuant to eminent domain proceedings.
liquidity and capital resources overview our expected material cash requirements for the twelve months ended december 31, 2022 and thereafter comprised (i) contractually obligated expenditures, including payments of principal and interest; (ii) other essential expenditures, including property operating expenses, maintenance capital expenditures and dividends paid in accordance with reit distribution requirements; and (iii) opportunistic expenditures, including acquisitions and developments and repurchases of our securities. we expect to satisfy these cash requirements through operating cash flow and opportunistic debt and equity financing.
sources of capital while operating as a reit allows us to minimize the payment of u.s. federal corporate income tax expense, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our taxable income to our shareholders. notwithstanding this requirement, we are nonetheless able to retain operating cash flow to the extent that our tax depreciation exceeds our maintenance capital expenditures. retained operating cash flow represents our expected cash flow provided by operating activities, less shareholder distributions and capital expenditures. our annual operating retained cash flow increased from $200 million to $300 million per year in recent years to approximately $700 million in 2021. we anticipate retained operating cash flow will remain similar in 2022 as compared to 2021.
the reit distribution requirement limits cash flow from operations that can be retained and reinvested in the business, increasing our reliance upon raising capital to fund growth. capital needs in excess of retained cash flow are met with: (i) medium and long-term debt, (ii) preferred equity, and (iii) common equity. we select among these sources of capital based upon relative cost, availability, the desire for leverage, and considering potential constraints caused by certain features of capital sources, such as debt covenants. we view our line of credit, as well as any short-term bank loans, as bridge financing.
because raising capital is important to our growth, we endeavor to maintain a strong financial profile characterized by strong credit metrics, including low leverage relative to our total capitalization and operating cash flows. we are one of the highest rated reits, as rated by major rating agencies moody's and standard & poor's. our senior notes payable has an "a" credit rating by standard & poor's and "a2" by moody's. our credit ratings on each of our series of preferred shares are "a3" by moody's and "bbb+" by standard & poor's. our credit profile enable us to effectively access both the public and private capital markets to raise capital.
we have a $500.0 million revolving line of credit which we are able to use as temporary "bridge" financing until we are able to raise longer term capital. as of december 31, 2021 and february 22, 2022, there were no borrowings outstanding on the revolving line of credit; however, we do have approximately $21.2 million of outstanding letters of credit which limits our borrowing capacity to $478.8 million. our line of credit matures on april 19, 2024.
we believe that we have significant financial flexibility to adapt to changing conditions and opportunities. currently, market rates of interest for our debt, and market coupon rates for our preferred equity, are at historically low levels and we have significant access to these sources of capital. based upon our substantial current liquidity relative to our capital requirements noted below, we would not expect any potential capital market dislocations to have a material impact upon our expected capital and growth plans over the next 12 months. however, if capital market conditions were to change significantly in the long run, our access to or cost of debt and preferred equity capital could be negatively impacted and potentially affect future investment activities.
we believe that our cash provided by our operating activities will continue to be sufficient to enable us to meet our ongoing cash requirements for interest payments on debt, maintenance capital expenditures and distributions to our shareholders for the foreseeable future.
our expected capital resources include: (i) $734.6 million of cash as of december 31, 2021, (ii) $242.8 million in net proceeds from the issuance of our series s preferred shares on january 13, 2022 and (iii) approximately $700.0 million of expected retained operating cash flow over the next twelve months. over the long term, to the extent that our capital needs exceed our capital resources, we believe we have a variety of possibilities to raise additional capital including issuing common or preferred securities, issuing debt, or entering into joint venture arrangements to acquire or develop facilities.
cash requirements the following summarizes our expected material cash requirements which comprise (i) contractually obligated expenditures, (ii) other essential expenditures, and (iii) opportunistic expenditures. we expect our capital needs to increase over the next year as we add projects to our development pipeline and acquire additional properties.
required debt repayments: as of december 31, 2021, the principal outstanding on our debt totaled approximately $7.5 billion, consisting of $23.3 million of secured notes payable, $1.7 billion of euro-denominated unsecured notes payable and $5.8 billion of u.s. dollar denominated unsecured notes payable. approximate principal maturities and interest payments are as follows (amounts in thousands):
capital expenditure requirements: capital expenditures include general maintenance, major repairs or replacements to elements of our facilities to keep our facilities in good operating condition and maintain their visual appeal. capital expenditures do not include costs relating to the development of new facilities or redevelopment of existing facilities to increase their available rentable square footage.
capital expenditures totaled $284.2 million in 2021 and are expected to approximate $300 million in 2022. in addition to standard capital repairs of building elements reaching the end of their useful lives, our capital expenditures in recent years have included incremental expenditures to enhance the competitive position of certain of our facilities relative to local competitors pursuant to a multi-year program. such investments include development of more pronounced, attractive, and clearly identifiable color schemes and signage, upgrades to the configuration and layout of the offices and other customer zones to improve the customer experience. we spent approximately $130 million in 2021 and expect to spend $180 million in 2022 on this effort. in addition, we have made investments in led lighting and the installation of solar panels, which approximated $41 million for the year ended december 31, 2021 and we expect to spend $30 million in 2022.
we believe that these incremental investments improve customer satisfaction, the attractiveness and competitiveness of our facilities to new and existing customers and, in the case of led lighting and solar panels, reduce operating costs.
requirement to pay distributions: for all periods presented herein, we have elected to be treated as a reit, as defined in the code. for each taxable year in which we qualify for taxation as a reit, we will not be subject to u.s. federal corporate income tax on our "reit taxable income" (generally, taxable income subject to specified adjustments, including a deduction for dividends paid and excluding our net capital gain) that is distributed to our shareholders. we believe we have met these requirements in all periods presented herein, and we expect to continue to qualify as a reit.
on february 18, 2022, our board declared a regular common quarterly dividend of $2.00 per common share totaling approximately $350 million, which will be paid at the end of march 2022. our consistent, long-term dividend policy has been to distribute our taxable income. future quarterly distributions with respect to the common shares will continue to be determined based upon our reit distribution requirements after taking into consideration distributions to the preferred shareholders and will be funded with cash flows from operating activities.
the annual distribution requirement with respect to our preferred shares outstanding at december 31, 2021 and our series s preferred shares issued on january 13, 2022 is approximately $194.7 million per year.
real estate investment activities: we continue to seek to acquire additional self-storage facilities from third parties. subsequent to december 31, 2021, we acquired or were under contract to acquire 15 self-storage facilities for a total purchase price of $212.4 million. seven of these properties are under construction and expected to close as they are completed in 2022.
we are actively seeking to acquire additional facilities. however, future acquisition volume will depend upon whether additional owners will be motivated to market their facilities, which will in turn depend upon factors such as economic conditions and the level of seller confidence.
as of december 31, 2021, we had development and expansion projects at a total cost of approximately $800.0 million. costs incurred through december 31, 2021 were $272.5 million, with the remaining cost to complete of $527.5 million expected to be incurred primarily in the next 18 to 24 months. some of these projects are subject to contingencies such as entitlement approval. we expect to continue to seek to add projects to maintain and increase our robust pipeline. our ability to do so continues to be challenged by various constraints such as difficulty in finding projects that meet our risk-adjusted yield expectations, and challenges in obtaining building permits for self-storage facilities in certain municipalities.
property operating expenses: the direct and indirect cost of our operations impose significant cash requirements. direct operating costs include property taxes, on-site property manager payroll, repairs and maintenance, utilities and marketing. indirect operating costs include supervisory payroll and centralized management costs. the cash requirements from these operating costs will vary year to year based on, among other things, changes in the size of our portfolio and changes in property tax rates and assessed values, wage rates and marketing costs in our markets.
redemption of preferred securities: historically, we have taken advantage of refinancing higher coupon preferred securities with lower coupon preferred securities. in the future, we may also elect to finance the redemption of preferred securities with proceeds from the issuance of debt. as of february 22, 2022, we have no series of preferred securities that are eligible for redemption, at our option and with 30 days' notice. see note 9 to our december 31, 2021 consolidated financial statements for the redemption dates of all of our series of preferred shares. redemption of such preferred shares will depend upon many factors, including the rate at which we could issue replacement preferred securities. none of our preferred securities are redeemable at the option of the holders.
repurchases of common shares: our board has authorized management to repurchase up to 35,000,000 of our common shares on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. during 2021, we did not repurchase any of our common shares. from the inception of the repurchase program through february 22, 2022, we have repurchased a total of 23,721,916 common shares at an aggregate cost of approximately $679.1 million. future levels of common share repurchases will be dependent upon our available capital, investment alternatives and the trading price of our common shares.