item 1a. risk factors our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described in the following sections, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and the trading price of our common stock. the list of risk factors provided in the following sections is not exhaustive; there may be other factors that adversely impact our results of operations, harm our reputation or inhibit our ability to generate new business prospects. the following sections should be read in conjunction with "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes in "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data" of this annual report on form 10-k. in particular, see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" for additional information on liquidity and how we manage our liquidity risk and "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management" for additional information on our exposure and how we monitor and manage our market, credit, operational, compliance and certain other risks.
risks related to our business and industry the worldwide covid-19 pandemic may negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the worldwide covid-19 pandemic and related measures intended to control the spread of the virus have had a significant impact on global economic conditions and may negatively impact certain aspects of our business and results of operations in the future. although certain economic conditions improved throughout fiscal 2021, the pandemic continues to evolve, as recently experienced with the rapid spread of the delta variant, and certain of the impacts of the pandemic may continue to affect our results in the future, including: near-zero short-term interest rates resulting in lower net interest income and rjbdp fees from third-party program banks; volatility in our brokerage revenues and investment banking revenues due to market uncertainty caused by the pandemic; and increased credit risk, particularly with regard to industries most vulnerable to the pandemic (e.g., airline, restaurant, gaming, entertainment/leisure and energy), which may result in an elevated bank loan loss provision and charge-offs. in addition, should market conditions deteriorate, or if there is a decline in equity markets similar to that experienced during our fiscal 2020 second quarter, the value of our clients' assets and certain of our investments would also be negatively affected.
we may also continue to experience business disruptions as a result of the continued spread of covid-19 and its variants, resulting from restrictions on our employees' ability to travel, as well as temporary partial or full closures of our facilities and the facilities of our clients, suppliers, or other vendors. we often recruit skilled professionals by visiting their offices or having them visit our offices. although we have reinstated the majority of our in-person recruiting, renewed travel restrictions or other disruptions that prevent us from meeting with professional prospects may adversely impact our ability to recruit such professional prospects. further, the increased availability of remote working arrangements in response to the pandemic has intensified and may continue to intensify competition for prospective new associates and impair our ability to retain current associates. recently promulgated osha rules related to required vaccines or alternative testing protocols for unvaccinated associates may also have negative effects on our current associates, including additional administrative burdens and concerns related to perceived health and safety risks, and may result in an increase in employee complaints as well as difficulty attracting and retaining associates. while we maintain contingency plans for events such as pandemic outbreaks, the further spread of covid-19, or a similar contagious disease could also impair the effectiveness of our executive officers or other associates who are necessary to conduct our business. in addition, the continued spread of covid-19 could harm the operations of third-party service providers who perform critical services for our business. in some cases, the covid-19 pandemic has accelerated the transition from traditional to digital financial services and heightened customer expectations in this area, and this transition may require us to invest greater resources in technological improvements.
if covid-19 or another highly infectious or contagious disease, continues to spread or the response to contain it is unsuccessful, we may experience adverse effects on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. a prolonged period of economic deterioration could ultimately result in impairment of our goodwill and identifiable intangible assets. in addition, if financial markets deteriorate as a result of the current or a future pandemic, our access to capital and other sources of funding may become constrained, which may require us to restructure debt or obtain additional financing on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive.
the extent of any of the previously-described effects on our business will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including the duration of the covid-19 pandemic and the possible further impacts on the global economy.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries damage to our reputation could damage our businesses.
maintaining our reputation is critical to attracting and maintaining clients, investors, and associates. if we fail to address, or appear to fail to address, issues that may give rise to reputational risk, we could significantly harm our business prospects. these issues may include, but are not limited to, any of the risks discussed in this item 1a, including appropriately dealing with potential conflicts of interest, legal and regulatory requirements, ethical issues, money laundering, cybersecurity and privacy, record-keeping, sales and trading practices, and associate misconduct. in addition, the failure to either sell securities we have underwritten at anticipated price levels or to properly identify and communicate the risks inherent in the products and services we offer could also give rise to reputational risk. failure to maintain appropriate service and quality standards or a failure or perceived failure to treat clients fairly can result in client dissatisfaction, litigation and heightened regulatory scrutiny, all of which can lead to lost revenue, higher operating costs and reputational harm. negative publicity about us, whether or not true, may also harm our reputation. further, failures at other large financial institutions or other market participants, regardless of whether they relate to our activities, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the financial system in general.
we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic conditions that impact the global financial markets.
we are engaged in various financial services businesses. as such, we are affected by domestic and international macroeconomic and political conditions, as well as economic output levels, interest and inflation rates, employment levels, prices of commodities, consumer confidence levels and changes in consumer spending, international trade policy, and fiscal and monetary policy. for example, fed policies determine, in large part, the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and investments. the market impact from such policies can also decrease materially the value of certain of our financial assets, most notably debt securities, as well as our cash flows, such as those associated with client cash balances. changes in tax law and regulation, or any market uncertainty caused by a change in the political environment, may negatively affect our business. macroeconomic conditions may also directly and indirectly impact a number of factors in the global financial markets that may be detrimental to our operating results.
if we were to experience a period of sustained downturn in the securities markets, credit market dislocations, reductions in the value of real estate, increases in mortgage and other loan delinquencies, or other negative market factors, including from the continuing impact of the covid-19 pandemic, our revenues could be adversely impacted. market uncertainty could also cause clients to move their investments to lower margin products, or withdraw them, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. we could also experience a material reduction in trading volume and lower asset prices in times of market uncertainty, which would result in lower brokerage revenues, including losses on firm inventory, as well as losses on certain of our investments. conversely, periods of severe market volatility may result in a significantly higher level of transactions and other activity which may cause operational challenges that may result in losses. these can include, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, or interruptions to our system processing.  periods of reduced revenue and other losses could lead to reduced profitability because certain of our expenses, including our interest expense on debt, rent, facilities and salary expenses, are fixed, and our ability to reduce them over short time periods is limited.
u.s. markets may also be impacted by political and civil unrest occurring in other parts of the world. our businesses and revenues derived from non-u.s. operations may also be subject to risk of loss from currency fluctuations, social or political instability, less established regulatory regimes, changes in governmental or central bank policies, downgrades in the credit ratings of sovereign countries, expropriation, nationalization, confiscation of assets and unfavorable legislative, economic and political developments. for example, continued uncertainties loom over the future of the u.k.'s relationship with the e.u., including future trading arrangements between the u.k. and the e.u., following the expiration of the transition period on december 31, 2020. during the transition period of brexit, we took steps to make certain changes to our european operations in an effort to ensure that, where possible, we can continue to provide cross-border services in e.u. member states without the need for separate regulatory authorizations in each member state. there is also continued uncertainty regarding the outcome of the e.u.'s financial support programs and the stability of the e.u.'s sovereign debt. it is possible that other e.u. member states may experience financial troubles in the future, or may choose to follow the u.k.'s lead and leave the e.u. any negative impact on economic conditions and global markets from these developments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and liquidity.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries lack of liquidity or access to capital could impair our business and financial condition.
our inability to maintain adequate liquidity or to easily access credit and capital markets could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition. if liquidity from our brokerage or banking operations is inadequate or unavailable, we may be required to scale back or curtail our operations, such as limiting our recruiting of additional financial advisors, limiting lending, selling assets at unfavorable prices, and cutting or eliminating dividend payments. our liquidity could be negatively affected by: the inability of our subsidiaries to generate cash to distribute to the parent company in the form of dividends from earnings; liquidity or capital requirements applicable to our subsidiaries that may prevent us from distributing cash to the parent company; limited or no accessibility to credit markets for secured and unsecured borrowings by our subsidiaries; diminished access to the capital markets for rjf; and other commitments or restrictions on capital as a result of adverse legal settlements, judgments, or regulatory sanctions. furthermore, as a bank holding company, we may become subject to prohibitions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends to our shareholders and/or repurchase our stock. certain of our regulators have the authority, and under certain circumstances, the duty, to prohibit or to limit dividend payments by regulated subsidiaries to their parent company.
the availability of financing, including access to the credit and capital markets, depends on various factors, such as conditions in the debt and equity markets, the general availability of credit, the volume of securities trading activity, the overall availability of credit to the financial services sector, and our credit ratings. our cost of capital and the availability of funding may be adversely affected by illiquid credit markets and wider credit spreads. additionally, lenders may from time to time curtail, or even cease to provide, funding to borrowers as a result of future concerns over the strength of specific counterparties, as well as the stability of markets generally.
we are exposed to credit risk.
we are generally exposed to the risk that third parties that owe us money, securities or other assets will fail to meet their obligations to us due to numerous causes, including bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, or operational failure, among others. this risk was and may further be exacerbated by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, particularly in certain sectors. we actively buy and sell securities from and to clients and counterparties in the normal course of our broker-dealers' trading and underwriting activities, which exposes us to credit risk. although generally collateralized by the underlying security to the transaction, we still face risk associated with changes in the market value of collateral through settlement date. we also hold certain securities, loans and derivatives as part of our trading operations. deterioration in the actual or perceived credit quality of the underlying issuers of securities or loans or the non-performance of counterparties to certain derivatives could result in losses.
we borrow securities from, and lend securities to, other broker-dealers and may also enter into agreements to repurchase and/or resell securities as part of our financing activities. a sharp change in the market values of the securities utilized in these transactions may result in losses if counterparties to these transactions fail to honor their commitments. we manage the risk associated with these transactions by establishing and monitoring credit limits, as well as by evaluating collateral and transaction levels on a recurring basis. significant deterioration in the credit quality of one of our counterparties could lead to widespread concerns about the credit quality of other counterparties in the same industry, thereby exacerbating our credit risk. in addition, we permit our clients to purchase securities on margin. during periods of steep declines in securities prices, the value of the collateral securing client margin loans may fall below the amount of the loan. if clients are unable to provide additional collateral for these margin loans, we may incur losses on those margin transactions. this may cause us to incur additional expenses defending or pursuing claims or litigation related to counterparty or client defaults.
we deposit our cash in depository institutions as a means of maintaining the liquidity necessary to meet our operating needs, and we also facilitate the deposit of cash awaiting investment in depository institutions on behalf of our clients. a failure of a depository institution to return these deposits could severely impact our operating liquidity, result in significant reputational damage, and adversely impact our financial performance.
we also incur credit risk by lending to businesses and individuals, including through offering c&i loans, cre loans, reit loans, residential mortgage loans, tax-exempt loans, sbl and other loans. we also incur credit risk through certain of our investments. our credit risk and credit losses can increase if our loans or investments are concentrated among borrowers or issuers engaged in the same or similar activities, industries, or geographies, or to borrowers or issuers who as a group may be uniquely or disproportionately affected by economic or market conditions, such as those most impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. declines in the real estate market or sustained economic downturns may cause us to experience credit losses or charge-offs related to our loans, sell loans at unattractive prices or foreclose on certain real estate properties. credit quality may also be affected by adverse changes in the financial performance or condition of our debtors or deterioration in the strength of the u.s. economy. the deterioration of an individually large exposure, for example due to natural disasters, health emergencies raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries or pandemics, acts of terrorism, severe weather events or other adverse economic events, could lead to additional credit loss provisions and/or charges-offs, and subsequently have a material impact on our net income and regulatory capital.
we are exposed to market risk, including interest rate risk.
market risk generally represents the risk that values of assets and liabilities or revenues will be adversely affected by changes in market conditions, which directly and indirectly affect us. market conditions that change from time to time, thereby exposing us to market risk, include fluctuations in interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, and price deterioration or changes in value due to changes in market perception or actual credit quality of an issuer.
market risk is inherent in financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt, trading assets and liabilities, derivatives and private equity investments. for example, interest rate changes could adversely affect the value of our fixed income trading inventories held to facilitate client transactions, as well as our net interest spread, which is the difference between the yield we earn on our interest-earning assets and the interest rate we pay for deposits and other sources of funding, in turn impacting our net interest income and earnings. interest rate changes could affect the interest earned on assets differently than interest paid on liabilities.
a rising interest rate environment generally results in our earning a larger net interest spread and an increase in servicing fees received on cash swept to third-party program banks as part of the rjbdp. conversely, in those operations, a falling interest rate environment generally results in our earning a smaller net interest spread and lower rjbdp fees from third-party program banks. moreover, while there is no indication currently that the fed plans to reduce its targeted fed funds rate to a negative rate, if such a policy were to be adopted, the cost to hold both firm and client deposits would have an adverse impact on our profitability. if we are unable to effectively manage our interest rate risk, changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.
our private equity investments are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reflected in earnings. the value of our private equity portfolio can fluctuate and earnings from our investments can be volatile and difficult to predict. when, and if, we recognize gains can depend on a number of factors, including general economic conditions, the prospects of the companies in which we invest and whether these companies become subject to a monetization event.
in addition, disruptions in the liquidity or transparency of the financial markets may result in our inability to sell, syndicate or realize the value of security positions, thereby leading to increased concentrations. the inability to reduce our positions in specific securities may not only increase the market and credit risks associated with such positions, but also increase the level of risk-weighted assets on our balance sheet, thereby increasing our capital requirements, which could have an adverse effect on our business results, financial condition and liquidity.
significant volatility in our domestic clients' cash balances could negatively impact our net revenues and/or our ability to fund raymond james bank's growth and may impact our regulatory ratios.
the majority of raymond james bank's deposits are driven by the rjbdp. the rjbdp is a source of relatively low-cost, stable deposits for raymond james bank and we rely heavily on the rjbdp to fund raymond james bank's asset growth. a significant reduction in pcg clients' cash balances, a change in the allocation of that cash between raymond james bank and third-party banks within the rjbdp, or a transfer of cash away from the firm could significantly impact raymond james bank's ability to continue growing interest-earning assets and/or require raymond james bank to use higher-cost deposit sources to grow interest-earning assets.
the rjbdp also generates fees from third-party banks related to the deposits they receive through their participation in the rjbdp. if pcg clients' cash balances remain elevated or increase further and third-party bank demand or capacity for rjbdp deposits do not improve or decline from current levels our rjbdp fees from third-party banks could continue to be adversely affected. in addition, our inability to deploy client cash to third-party banks through rjbdp would require us to retain more cash at raymond james bank or in our client interest program ("cip"), both of which may cause a significant increase in our assets. such an increase in our assets may negatively impact certain of our regulatory ratios.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries our business depends on fees generated from the distribution of financial products, fees earned from the management of client accounts, and asset management fees.
a large portion of our revenues are derived from fees generated from the distribution of financial products, such as mutual funds and variable annuities, and the various services we perform related to such products. changes in the structure or amount of the fees paid by the sponsors of these products could directly affect our revenues, business and financial condition. in addition, if these products experience losses or increased investor redemptions, we may receive lower fees from the distribution and other services we provide on behalf of the mutual fund and annuity companies.
the asset management fees we are paid are dependent upon the value of client assets in fee-based accounts in our pcg segment, as well as aum in our asset management segment. the value of our fee-based assets and aum is impacted by market fluctuations and inflows or outflows of assets. as our pcg clients increasingly show a preference for fee-based accounts over traditional transaction-based accounts, a larger portion of our client assets are more directly impacted by market movements. therefore, in periods of declining market values, the values of fee-based accounts and aum may resultantly decline, which would negatively impact our revenues. in addition, below-market investment performance by our funds, portfolio managers or financial advisors could result in reputational damage that might cause outflows or make it more difficult to attract new investors into our asset management products and thus, further impact our business and financial condition.
our asset management fees may also decline over time due to factors such as increased competition and the renegotiation of contracts. in addition, the market environment in recent years has resulted in a shift to passive investment products, which generate lower fees than actively managed products. a continued trend toward passive investments or changes in market values or in the fee structure of asset management accounts would negatively affect our revenues, business and financial condition.
our underwriting, market-making, trading, and other business activities place our capital at risk.
we may incur losses and be subject to reputational harm to the extent that, for any reason, we are unable to sell securities we have underwritten at the anticipated price levels. as an underwriter, we also are subject to heightened standards regarding liability for material misstatements or omissions in prospectuses and other offering documents relating to offerings in which we are involved. from time to time as part of our underwriting processes, we may carry significant positions in securities of a single issuer or issuers engaged in a specific industry. sudden changes in the value of these positions, despite our risk mitigation policies, could impact our financial results.
as a market maker, we take ownership of positions in specific securities, and these undiversified holdings concentrate the risk of market fluctuations and may result in greater losses than would be the case if our holdings were more diversified. despite risk mitigation policies, we may incur losses as a result of positions we hold in connection with these activities.
we have made and, to the limited extent permitted by applicable regulations, may continue to make principal investments in private equity funds and other illiquid investments. we may be unable to realize our investment objectives if we cannot sell or otherwise dispose of our interests at attractive prices or complete a desirable exit strategy. in particular, these risks could arise from changes in the financial condition or prospects of the portfolio companies in which investments are made, changes in economic conditions or changes in laws, regulations, fiscal policies or political conditions. it could take a substantial period of time to identify attractive investment opportunities and then to realize the cash value of such investments.
any cyber-attack or other security breach of our technology systems, or those of our clients or other third-party vendors we rely on, could subject us to significant liability and harm our reputation.
our operations rely heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential financial, personal and other information in our computer systems and networks. there have been several highly publicized cases involving financial services companies reporting the unauthorized disclosure of client or other confidential information in recent years, as well as cyber-attacks involving the theft, dissemination and destruction of corporate information or other assets, in some cases as a result of failure to follow procedures by employees or contractors or as a result of actions by third parties. there have also been several highly publicized cases where hackers have requested "ransom" payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or for restoring access to information or systems. like other financial services firms, we experience malicious cyber activity directed at our computer systems, software, networks and its users on a daily basis. this malicious activity includes attempts at unauthorized access, implantation of computer viruses or malware, and denial-of-service attacks. we also experience large volumes of phishing and other forms of social engineering attempted for the purpose of perpetrating fraud against the firm, our associates, or our clients. additionally, like many large enterprises, since mid-march 2020, we have shifted the majority of our associates to remote work arrangements in response to the covid-19 pandemic, and expect that raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries many of our associates will continue to work remotely to some extent following the pandemic. this change in our operating model has enabled us to successfully continue business operations, but also introduces potential new vulnerabilities to cyber threats. we also face increased cybersecurity risk as we deploy additional mobile and cloud technologies. we seek to continuously monitor for and nimbly react to any and all such malicious cyber activity, and we develop our systems to protect our technology infrastructure and data from misuse, misappropriation or corruption. senior management of our information technology department gives a quarterly update on cybersecurity to the audit and risk committee of our board of directors and an annual update to our full board of directors.
cyber-attacks can originate from a variety of sources, including third parties affiliated with foreign governments, organized crime or terrorist organizations. third parties may also attempt to place individuals within our firm, or induce employees, clients or other users of our systems, to disclose sensitive information or provide access to our data, and these types of risks may be difficult to detect or prevent. although cybersecurity incidents among financial services firms are on the rise, we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches. however, the techniques used in these attacks are increasingly sophisticated, change frequently and are often not recognized until launched. although we seek to maintain a robust suite of authentication and layered information security controls, including our cyber threat analytics, data encryption and tokenization technologies, anti-malware defenses and vulnerability management programs, any one or combination of these controls could fail to detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner. despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, equipment failure, natural disasters, power loss, spam attacks, unauthorized access, supply chain attacks, distributed denial of service attacks, computer viruses and other malicious code, and other events that could result in significant liability and damage to our reputation, and have an ongoing impact on the security and stability of our operations.
we also rely on numerous third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations, and we face similar risks relating to them. while we regularly conduct security assessments on these third-party vendors, we cannot be certain that their information security protocols are sufficient to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. we also cannot be certain that we will receive timely notification of such cyber-attacks or other security breaches. in addition, in order to access our products and services, our clients may use computers and other devices that are beyond our security control systems.
notwithstanding the precautions we take, if a cyber-attack or other information security breach were to occur, this could jeopardize the information we confidentially maintain, or otherwise cause interruptions in our operations or those of our clients and counterparties, exposing us to liability. as attempted attacks continue to evolve in scope and sophistication, we may be required to expend substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures or to communicate about cyber-attacks to our clients. though we have insurance against some cyber-risks and attacks, we may be subject to litigation and financial losses that exceed our policy limits or are not covered under any of our current insurance policies. a technological breakdown could also interfere with our ability to comply with financial reporting and other regulatory requirements, exposing us to potential disciplinary action by regulators. further, successful cyber-attacks at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are affected, could lead to a general loss of confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our financial products and services.
further, in light of the high volume of transactions we process, the large number of our clients, partners and counterparties, the increasing sophistication of malicious actors, and our remote work environment, a cyber-attack could occur and persist for an extended period of time without detection. we expect that any investigation of a cyber-attack would take substantial amounts of time, and that there may be extensive delays before we obtain full and reliable information. during such time we would not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how best to remediate it, and certain errors or actions could be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and remediated, all of which would further increase the costs and consequences of such an attack.
we may also be subject to liability under various data protection laws. in providing services to clients, we manage, utilize and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including personal data. as a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as u.s. federal, state and international laws governing the protection of personally identifiable information. these laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number. if any person, including any of our associates, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to client or employee data, or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates such data, we could be subject to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines and/or criminal prosecution. in addition, unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through system failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients and related revenue. potential liability in the event of a security breach of raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries client data could be significant. depending on the circumstances giving rise to the breach, this liability may not be subject to a contractual limit or an exclusion of consequential or indirect damages.
a continued interruption to our telecommunications or data processing systems, or the failure to effectively update the technology we utilize, could be materially adverse to our business.
our businesses rely extensively on data processing and communications systems. in addition to better serving clients, the effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables us to reduce costs. adapting or developing our technology systems to meet new regulatory requirements, client needs, and competitive demands is critical for our business. introduction of new technology presents challenges on a regular basis. there are significant technical and financial costs and risks in the development of new or enhanced applications, including the risk that we might be unable to effectively use new technologies or adapt our applications to emerging industry standards.
our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to: (i) successfully maintain and upgrade the capability of our technology systems on a regular basis; (ii) maintain the quality of the information contained in our data processing and communications systems; (iii) address the needs of our clients by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy their demands; and (iv) retain skilled information technology employees. failure of our technology systems, which could result from events beyond our control, including a systems malfunction or cyber-attack, failure by a third-party service provider, or an inability to effectively upgrade those systems or implement new technology-driven products or services, could result in financial losses, liability to clients, violations of applicable privacy and other applicable laws and regulatory sanctions.
the soundness of other financial institutions and intermediaries affects us.
we face the risk of operational failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents, exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries that we use to facilitate our securities and derivative transactions. as a result of regulatory changes and the consolidation over the years among clearing agents, exchanges and clearing houses, our exposure to certain financial intermediaries has increased and could affect our ability to find adequate and cost-effective alternatives should the need arise. any failure, termination or constraint of these intermediaries could adversely affect our ability to execute transactions, service our clients and manage our exposure to risk.
our ability to engage in routine trading and funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. financial services institutions are interdependent as a result of trading, clearing, funding, counterparty or other relationships. we have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients. defaults by, or even rumors or questions about the financial condition of, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have historically led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions. many of these transactions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of our counterparty or client. in addition, our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due us. losses arising in connection with counterparty defaults may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our risk management and conflicts of interest policies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk.
we seek to manage, monitor and control our market, credit, operational, liquidity and legal and regulatory compliance risk through operational and compliance reporting systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms; however, there can be no assurance that our procedures will be effective. while we use limits and other risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot always anticipate unforeseen economic and financial outcomes or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. our risk management methods may not predict future risk exposures effectively. in addition, some of our risk management methods are based on an evaluation of information regarding markets, clients and other matters that are based on assumptions that may no longer be accurate or may have limited predictive value. a failure to manage our growth adequately, including growth in the products or services we offer, or to manage our risk effectively, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition.
financial services firms are subject to numerous actual or perceived conflicts of interest, which are routinely examined by regulators and sros such as finra and are often used as the basis for claims for legal liability by plaintiffs in actions against us. our risk management processes include addressing potential conflicts of interest that arise in our business. management of potential conflicts of interest has become increasingly complex as we expand our business activities. a perceived or actual raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries failure to address conflicts of interest adequately could affect our reputation, the willingness of clients to transact business with us or give rise to litigation or regulatory actions. therefore, there can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could result in material harm to our business and financial condition.
we continue to experience pricing pressures in areas of our business which may impair our future revenue and profitability.
we continue to experience pricing pressures on trading margins and commissions in fixed income and equity trading. in fixed income markets, regulatory requirements have resulted in greater price transparency, leading to price competition and decreased trading margins. in equity markets, we experience pricing pressure from institutional clients to reduce commissions, partially due to the industry trend toward the separate payment for research and execution services. our trading margins have been further compressed by the shift from high- to low-touch execution services over time, which has created additional competitive pressure. we believe that price competition and pricing pressures in these and other areas will continue as institutional investors continue to reduce the amounts they are willing to pay, including by reducing the number of brokerage firms they use, and some of our competitors seek to obtain market share by reducing fees, commissions or margins.
we face intense competition and may not be able to keep pace with technological change.
we are engaged in intensely competitive businesses. we compete on the basis of a number of factors, including the quality of our associates, our products and services, pricing (such as execution pricing and fee levels), technology solutions, and location and reputation in relevant markets. over time, there has been substantial consolidation and convergence among companies in the financial services industry, which has significantly increased the capital base and geographic reach of our competitors. see "item 1 - business - competition" of this form 10-k for additional information about our competitors.
we compete directly with other national full service broker-dealers, investment banking firms, commercial banks, and investment advisors, and to a lesser extent, with discount brokers and dealers. we face competition from more recent entrants into the market, including fintechs, and increased use of alternative sales channels by other firms. technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for fintechs to compete with larger financial institutions in providing electronic, internet-based, and mobile phone-based financial solutions. this competition has grown significantly over recent years and is expected to intensify. in addition, commercial firms and other non-traditional competitors have applied for banking licenses or have entered into partnerships with banks to provide banking services. we also compete indirectly for investment assets with insurance companies, real estate firms and hedge funds, among others. this competition could cause our business to suffer.
our future success also depends in part on our ability to develop, maintain, and enhance our products and services, including factors such as customer experience, and the pricing and range of our offerings. the financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological change with frequent introductions of new technology-driven products and services. if we are not able to develop new products and services, enhance existing offerings, effectively implement new technology-driven products and services, or successfully market these products and services to our customers, our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected. furthermore, both financial institutions and their non-banking competitors face the risk that payments processing and other services could be significantly disrupted by technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, that require no intermediation. new technologies have required, and could require us in the future, to spend more to modify or adapt our products to attract and retain clients and customers or to match products and services offered by our competitors, including technology companies.
our ability to attract and retain senior professionals, qualified financial advisors and other associates is critical to the continued success of our business.
our ability to recruit, serve and retain our clients depends on the reputation, judgment, leadership, business generation capabilities and client service skills of our client-serving professionals, members of our executive team, as well as employees who support revenue-generating professionals and their clients. to compete effectively we must attract, develop, and retain qualified professionals, including successful financial advisors, investment bankers, trading professionals, portfolio managers and other revenue-producing or specialized personnel. competitive pressures we experience could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
turnover in the financial services industry is high. the cost of recruiting and retaining skilled professionals in the financial services industry has been considerable in recent years, but has intensified further during the recovery from the covid-19 pandemic. financial industry employers are increasingly offering guaranteed contracts, upfront payments, increased compensation and increased opportunities to work remotely on a permanent basis. these can be important factors in a current associate's decision to leave us as well as in a prospective associate's decision to join us. as competition for skilled raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries professionals in the industry remains intense, we may have to devote significant resources to attract and retain qualified personnel. to the extent we have compensation targets, we may not be able to retain our associates, which could result in increased recruiting expense or result in our recruiting additional associates at compensation levels that are not within our target range. in particular, our financial results may be adversely affected by the costs we incur in connection with any loans or other incentives we may offer to newly recruited financial advisors and other key personnel. if we were to lose the services of any of our investment bankers, senior equity research, sales and trading professionals, asset managers, or executive officers to a competitor or otherwise, we may not be able to retain valuable relationships and some of our clients could choose to use the services of a competitor instead of our services. if we are unable to retain our senior professionals or recruit additional professionals, our reputation, business, results of operations and financial condition will be adversely affected. further, new business initiatives and efforts to expand existing businesses generally require that we incur compensation and benefits expense before generating additional revenues.
moreover, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that those competitors have engaged in unfair hiring practices. we have been subject to several such claims and may be subject to additional claims in the future as we seek to hire qualified personnel, some of whom may work for our competitors. some of these claims may result in material litigation. we could incur substantial costs in defending against these claims, regardless of their merits. such claims could also discourage potential associates who work for our competitors from joining us. we participate in the protocol for broker recruiting ("protocol"), a voluntary agreement among many firms in the industry that governs, among other things, the client information that financial advisors may take with them when they affiliate with a new firm. the ability to bring such customer data to a new broker-dealer generally means that the clients of the financial advisor are more likely to choose to open accounts at the advisor's new firm.  participation is voluntary and it is possible that certain of our competitors will withdraw from the protocol. if the broker-dealers from whom we recruit new financial advisors prevent, or significantly limit, the transfer of client data, our recruiting efforts may be adversely affected and we could continue to experience claims against us relating to our recruiting efforts.
a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse effect on our operations, earnings and financial condition.
if our credit ratings were downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected, perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged, and as a result, adversely affect our client relationships. such a change in our credit ratings could also adversely affect our liquidity and competitive position, increase our borrowing costs, limit our access to the capital markets, trigger obligations under certain financial agreements, or decrease the number of investors, clients and counterparties willing or permitted to do business with or lend to us, thereby curtailing our business operations and reducing profitability.
we may not be able to obtain additional outside financing to fund our operations on favorable terms, or at all. the impact of a credit rating downgrade to a level below investment grade would result in our breaching provisions in certain of our derivative instruments, and may result in a request for immediate payment and/or ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. a credit rating downgrade would also result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on its $500 million unsecured revolving credit facility agreement (the "credit facility"), in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on the line as of and subsequent to such downgrade (see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this form 10-k and note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information on the credit facility).
business growth, including through acquisitions, could increase costs and regulatory and integration risks.
we continue to grow, including through acquisitions and through our recruiting efforts. integrating acquired businesses, providing a platform for new businesses and partnering with other firms involve risks and present financial, managerial and operational challenges. while cultural fit is a requirement for both our recruiting and acquisition efforts, there can be no assurance that recruited talent and/or acquisition targets will ultimately assimilate into our firm in a manner which results in the expected financial benefits.  we may incur significant expense in connection with expanding our existing businesses, recruiting financial advisors or making strategic acquisitions or investments. our overall profitability would be negatively affected if investments and expenses associated with such growth are not matched or exceeded by the earnings derived from such investments or growth. assumptions which underlie the basis of our acquisition decisions, such as the retention of key personnel, future revenue growth of an acquired business, cost efficiencies to be realized, or the value created through the application of specialized expertise we plan to bring to the acquired business, may not be fully realized post-acquisition, resulting in an adverse impact on the value of our investment and potential dilution of the value of our shares.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries expansion may also create a need for additional compliance, risk management and internal control procedures, and often involves hiring additional personnel to address these procedures. to the extent such procedures are not adequate or not adhered to with respect to our expanded business or any new business, we could be exposed to a material loss or regulatory sanction.
moreover, to the extent we pursue acquisitions, or enter into acquisition commitments, a number of factors may prevent us from completing such acquisitions on acceptable terms. for example, regulators such as the fed or the fdic could fail to approve a proposed transaction or such approvals could result in the imposition of conditions that could adversely affect the combined company or the expected benefits of the transaction. the shareholders of a publicly-traded target company could fail to approve the transaction. closing conditions in the transaction agreement could fail to be satisfied, or there could be an unexpected delay in closing. other developments that may affect future results of an acquired company may occur, including changes in asset quality and credit risk, changes in interest rates and capital markets, inflation, and/or changes in customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices. finally, an event, change, or other circumstance could occur that gives rise to the termination of the transaction agreement.
we may be unable to integrate an acquired business into our existing business successfully, or such integration may be materially delayed or become more costly or difficult than expected. further, either company's clients, suppliers, employees or other business partners may react negatively to the transaction. such developments could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, we may need to raise capital or borrow funds in order to finance an acquisition, which could result in dilution or increased leverage. we may not be able to obtain such financing on favorable terms or perhaps at all. further, we may issue our shares as a component of some or all of the purchase consideration for an acquisition, which may result in dilution.
securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. even if such lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims could result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. an adverse judgment could result in monetary damages, which could have a negative impact on our liquidity and financial condition.
associate misconduct, which is difficult to detect and deter, could harm us by impairing our ability to attract and retain clients and subject us to significant legal liability and reputational harm.
there is a risk that our associates could engage in misconduct that adversely affects our business. for example, our investment banking business often requires that we deal with confidential matters of great significance to our clients. our associates interact with clients, customers and counterparties on an ongoing basis. all associates are expected to exhibit the behaviors and ethics that are reflected in our framework of principles, policies and technology to protect both our own information as well as that of our clients. if our associates improperly use or disclose confidential information provided by our clients, we could be subject to future regulatory sanctions and suffer serious harm to our reputation, financial position, current client relationships and ability to attract future clients. we are also subject to a number of obligations and standards arising from our asset management business and our authority over our assets under management. in addition, our financial advisors may act in a fiduciary capacity, providing financial planning, investment advice and discretionary asset management. the violation of these obligations and standards by any of our associates would adversely affect our clients and us. associate conduct on non-business matters, such as social issues, could be inconsistent with our policies and ethics and result in reputational harm to our business as a result of their employment by us or affiliation with us. it is not always possible to deter or prevent every instance of associate misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in all cases. if our associates engage in misconduct, our business would be adversely affected.
we are exposed to litigation risks, which could materially and adversely impact our business operations and prospects.
many aspects of our business involve substantial risk of liability. we have been named as a defendant or co-defendant in lawsuits and arbitrations primarily involving claims for damages. the risks associated with potential litigation often may be difficult to assess or quantify and the existence and magnitude of potential claims often remain unknown for substantial periods of time. unauthorized or illegal acts of our associates could also result in substantial liability.
in challenging market conditions, the volume of claims and amount of damages sought in litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions have historically increased. litigation risks include potential liability under securities laws or other laws for: alleged materially false or misleading statements made in connection with securities offerings and other transactions; issues related to our investment recommendations, including the suitability of such recommendations or potential concentration of investments; the inability to sell or redeem securities in a timely manner during adverse market conditions; contractual issues; employment claims; and potential liability for other advice we provide to participants in strategic transactions. substantial legal liability could have a material adverse financial impact or cause us significant reputational harm, which in turn raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries could seriously harm our business and future business prospects. in addition to the foregoing financial costs and risks associated with potential liability, the costs of defending individual litigation and claims continue to increase over time. the amount of attorneys' fees incurred in connection with the defense of litigation and claims could be substantial and might materially and adversely affect our results of operations. see "item 3 - legal proceedings" of this form 10-k for further information about legal matters.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires the use of estimates that may vary from actual results and new accounting standards could adversely affect future reported results.
the preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses for the reporting period. such estimates and assumptions may require management to make difficult, subjective and complex judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain. one of our most critical estimates is our allowance for credit losses. at any given point in time, conditions in real estate and credit markets may increase the complexity and uncertainty involved in estimating the losses inherent in our loan portfolio. if management's underlying assumptions and judgments prove to be inaccurate, the allowance for credit losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. our financial condition, including our liquidity and capital, and results of operations could be materially and adversely impacted.
our financial instruments, including certain trading assets and liabilities, derivatives, available-for-sale securities, certain loans and investments, among other items, require management to make a determination of their fair value in order to prepare our consolidated financial statements. where quoted market prices are not available, we may make fair value determinations based on internally developed models or other means, which ultimately rely to some degree on our subjective judgment. some of these instruments and other assets and liabilities may have no directly observable inputs, making their valuation particularly subjective and, consequently, based on estimation and judgment. in addition, sudden illiquidity in markets or declines in prices of certain securities may make it more difficult to value certain items, which may lead to the possibility that such valuations will be subject to further change or adjustment, as well as declines in our earnings in subsequent periods.
our accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. the financial accounting standards board (the "fasb") and the sec have at times revised the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the preparation of our financial statements. in addition, accounting standard setters and those who interpret the accounting standards may change or even reverse their previous interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. these changes can be hard to predict and can materially impact how we record and report our financial condition and results of operations. in some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in our restating prior-period financial statements. for further discussion of our significant accounting estimates, policies and standards, see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting estimates" and "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - recent accounting developments" of this form 10-k and note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
our operations could be adversely affected by serious weather conditions.
certain of our principal operations are located in st. petersburg, florida. while we have a business continuity plan that provides for significant operations to be conducted out of remote locations, as well as our southfield, michigan and memphis, tennessee corporate offices and our u.s. information systems processing to be conducted out of our information technology data center in the denver, colorado area, our operations could be adversely affected by hurricanes or other serious weather conditions that could affect the processing of transactions, communications, and the ability of our associates to get to our offices, or work remotely. in addition, since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic in march 2020, we have allowed nearly all of our associates to work remotely and, as a result, our operations are dependent on our associates' ability to relocate to a secondary location in the event of a power outage or other disruption in their primary remote work location. as previously mentioned, weather events could also adversely impact the value of certain loans within our bank loan portfolio.
climate change and sustainability concerns could disrupt our businesses, adversely affect client activity levels, adversely affect the creditworthiness of our counterparties and damage our reputation.
climate change may cause extreme weather events that disrupt operations at one or more of our primary locations, which may negatively affect our ability to service and interact with our associates, clients, and other key stakeholders. climate change may also have a negative impact on the financial condition of our clients, which may decrease revenues from those clients and increase the credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients. additionally, our reputation and client relationships may be damaged as a result of our clients' involvement in certain industries or projects associated with causing or exacerbating climate change or by our failure or our clients' failure to support sustainability initiatives. new regulations or guidance relating to environmental, social, and governance standards, as well as the perspectives of shareholders, employees and other stakeholders regarding these standards, may affect our business activities and increase disclosure requirements, which may increase costs.
the phase-out of libor could negatively impact our financial condition and require significant operational work.
central banks and regulators in the u.s. and other jurisdictions are working to implement the transition to suitable replacements for libor. the discontinuance of libor has resulted in significant uncertainty regarding the transition to suitable alternative reference rates and could adversely impact our business, operations, and financial results. although alternative reference rates have been proposed to replace libor, market and client adoption of these rates varies across products, services, and contracts, leading to market fragmentation, reduced liquidity in the market, and increased operational complexity. alternative reference rates have different characteristics than libor, and may demonstrate less predictable behavior over time and across different monetary, market, and economic environments. although the full impact of transition remains unclear, this change may have an adverse impact on the value of, return on and trading markets for a broad array of financial products, including any libor-based securities, loans and derivatives that are included in our financial assets and liabilities. however, we do not believe the transition to an alternative reference rate will have a material impact on our financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
our operations and financial results are subject to risks and uncertainties related to our use of a combination of insurance, self-insured retention and self-insurance for a number of risks. to a large extent, we have elected to self-insure our errors and omissions liability and our employee-related health care benefit plans. we have self-insured retention risk related to several exposures, including our property and casualty, workers compensation and general liability benefit plans.
while we endeavor to purchase insurance coverage appropriate to our risk assessment, we are unable to predict with certainty the frequency, nature or magnitude of claims for direct or consequential damages. our business may be negatively affected if our insurance proves to be inadequate or unavailable. in addition, claims associated with risks we have retained either through our self-insurance retention or by self-insuring may exceed our recorded liabilities which could negatively impact future earnings. insurance claims may divert management resources away from operating our business.
risks related to our regulatory environment financial services firms are highly regulated and such regulation may increase the risk of financial liability and reputational harm resulting from adverse regulatory actions.
financial services firms operate in an evolving regulatory environment. the industry has experienced an extended period of significant change in laws and regulations governing the financial services industry, as well as a high degree of scrutiny from various regulators, including the sec, the fed, the occ and the cfpb, in addition to stock exchanges, finra and state attorneys general. for example, the dodd-frank act resulted in sweeping changes to the regulatory regime, including a significant increase in the supervision and regulation of the financial services industry. penalties and fines imposed by regulatory authorities have been substantial in recent years. we may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws, rules and regulations. existing and new laws and regulations could affect our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, impact the value of our assets, require us to alter at least some of our business practices, impose additional compliance costs, and otherwise adversely affect our businesses.
there is also increased regulatory scrutiny (and related compliance costs) as we continue to grow and surpass certain consolidated asset thresholds, which have the effect of imposing enhanced standards and requirements on larger institutions. these include, but are not limited to, raymond james bank's oversight by the cfpb. any action taken by the cfpb could raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries result in requirements to alter or cease offering affected products and services, make such products and services less attractive, impose additional compliance measures, or result in fines, penalties or required remediation.
we are also required to comply with the volcker rule's provisions. although we have not historically engaged in significant levels of proprietary trading, due to our underwriting and trading activities and our investments in covered funds, we have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased operational and compliance costs and changes to our private equity investments. any changes to regulations or changes to the supervisory approach may also result in increased compliance costs to the extent we are required to modify our existing compliance policies, procedures and practices.
broker-dealers and investment advisors are subject to regulations covering all aspects of the securities business, including, but not limited to: sales and trading methods; trade practices among broker-dealers; use and safekeeping of clients' funds and securities; capital structure of securities firms; anti-money laundering efforts; recordkeeping; and the conduct of directors, officers and employees. any violation of these laws or regulations could subject us to the following events, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects: civil and criminal liability; sanctions, which could include the revocation of our subsidiaries' registrations as investment advisors or broker-dealers; the revocation of the licenses of our financial advisors; censures; fines; or a temporary suspension or permanent bar from conducting business.
the majority of our affiliated financial advisors are independent contractors. legislative or regulatory action that redefines the criteria for determining whether a person is an employee or an independent contractor could materially impact our relationships with our advisors and our business, resulting in an adverse effect on our results of operations.
raymond james bank is subject to the cra, the equal credit opportunity act, the fair housing act and other u.s. federal fair lending laws and regulations that impose nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. the u.s. department of justice and other federal agencies, including the cfpb, are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. an unfavorable cra rating or a successful challenge to an institution's performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil monetary penalties, injunctive relief, and the imposition of restrictions on mergers, acquisitions and expansion activity. private parties may also have the ability to challenge a financial institution's performance under fair lending laws by bringing private class action litigation.
as discussed in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k, on july 20, 2021, the fed, the fdic, and the occ issued a joint statement in which they committed to working together to jointly modernize the cra regulations. these developments create uncertainty in planning our cra activities. any revisions to the cra regulations may negatively impact our business, including through increased costs related to compliance.
in addition, we have certain international business operations that are subject to laws, regulations, and standards in the countries in which we operate. any violations of these laws, regulations or standards could subject us to a range of potential regulatory events or outcomes that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects including potential adverse impacts on continued operations in the relevant international jurisdiction.
regulatory actions brought against us may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties or other results, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. there is no assurance that regulators will be satisfied with the policies and procedures implemented by rjf and its subsidiaries. in addition, from time to time, rjf and its subsidiaries may become subject to additional findings with respect to supervisory, compliance or other regulatory deficiencies, which could subject us to additional liability, including penalties and restrictions on our business activities. among other things, these restrictions could limit our ability to make investments, complete acquisitions, expand into new business lines, pay dividends on our common stock and/or engage in share repurchases. see "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k for additional information regarding our regulatory environment.
changes in requirements relating to the standard of conduct for broker-dealers applicable under federal and state law have increased our costs.
in june 2019, the sec adopted a package of rulemakings and interpretations related to the provision of advice by broker-dealers and investment advisers, including regulation best interest. since june 30, 2020, regulation best interest requires, among other things, a broker-dealer to act in the best interest of a retail client when making a recommendation to that client of any securities transaction or investment strategy involving securities. the regulation imposes heightened standards on broker-dealers, and we have incurred substantial costs in order to review and modify our policies and procedures, including associated supervisory and compliance controls. we anticipate that we will continue to incur costs in the future to comply with the standard.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries in addition to the sec, various states have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations seeking to impose new standards of conduct on broker-dealers that, as written, differ from the sec's new regulations and may lead to additional implementation costs. implementation of the new sec regulations, as well as any new state rules that are adopted addressing similar matters, has resulted in (and may continue to result in) increased costs related to compliance, legal, operations and information technology.
the dol has also reinstated the historical "five-part test" for determining who is an investment advice "fiduciary" when dealing with certain retirement plans and accounts and proposed a new exemption to allow investment advice fiduciaries to receive transaction-based compensation and engage in certain principal trades. in addition, the dol is expected to amend the rule that determines whether an investment professional is a fiduciary to their clients' retirement accounts under the employee retirement income security act and internal revenue code. as such, imposing a new standard of care on additional client relationships could lead to incremental costs for our business.
numerous regulatory changes and enhanced regulatory and enforcement activity relating to our investment management activities may increase our compliance and legal costs and otherwise adversely affect our business.
as some of our wholly-owned subsidiaries are registered as investment advisors with the sec, increased regulatory scrutiny and rulemaking initiatives may result in additional operational and compliance costs or the assessment of significant fines or penalties against our asset management business, and may otherwise limit our ability to engage in certain activities. while it is not possible to determine the extent of the long-term impact of any new laws or regulations that have been promulgated, or initiatives that have been or may be proposed, even the short-term impact of preparing for or implementing changes to our infrastructure and processes could negatively impact the ways we conduct business and increase our compliance and legal costs. conformance with any new law or regulations could also make compliance more difficult and expensive and affect our product and service offerings.
investment management businesses have been affected by the sec's regulation best interest which, in addition to creating a standard of care a financial advisor owes its clients, also impacts investment advice provided by investment advisers. the result has been increased scrutiny within the industry regarding how advisory products are offered and sold. such changes could impact our revenues and profitability.
new regulations regarding the management of hedge funds and the use of certain investment products, including additional recordkeeping and disclosure requirements, may also impact our asset management business and result in increased costs.
failure to comply with regulatory capital requirements primarily applicable to rjf, raymond james bank or our broker-dealer subsidiaries would significantly harm our business.
as discussed in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k, rjf and raymond james bank are subject to capital requirements administered by various federal regulators in the u.s. and, accordingly, must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of rjf and raymond james bank's assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items, as calculated under regulatory guidelines. failure to meet minimum capital requirements can trigger certain mandatory (and potentially discretionary) actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could harm either rjf or raymond james bank's operations and financial condition. further, we are subject to the sec's uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) and finra's net capital rule, which may limit our ability to make withdrawals of capital from our broker-dealer subsidiaries. rj ltd. is subject to similar limitations under applicable regulations in canada by iiroc. regulatory capital requirements applicable to some of our significant subsidiaries may impede access to funds that rjf may need to make payments on any of its obligations. see note 24 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information on regulations and capital requirements.
the basel iii regulatory capital standards impose capital and other requirements on us that could negatively impact our profitability.
the fed and other federal banking regulators have implemented the global regulatory capital requirements of basel iii and certain requirements implemented by the dodd-frank act. the u.s. basel iii rules establish the quantity and quality of regulatory capital, set forth a capital conservation buffer and define the calculation of risk-weighted assets. the capital requirements stipulated under the u.s. basel iii rules could restrict our ability to grow during favorable market conditions or require us to raise additional capital. revisions to the basel iii rules, including in connection with the implementation of the standards released by the basel committee in december 2017 could, when implemented in the united states, negatively impact our regulatory capital ratio calculations. as a result, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects could raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries be adversely affected. see "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k for further information on the basel iii regulatory capital standards.
as a financial holding company, rjf's liquidity depends on payments from its subsidiaries, which may be subject to regulatory restrictions.
rjf as a financial holding company depends on dividends, distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries in order to meet its obligations, including its debt service obligations. rjf's subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations that restrict dividend payments or authorize regulatory bodies to prevent or reduce the flow of funds from those subsidiaries to rjf. rjf's broker-dealers and bank subsidiary are limited in their ability to lend or transact with affiliates and are subject to minimum regulatory capital and other requirements, as well as limitations on their ability to use funds deposited with them in brokerage or bank accounts to fund their businesses. these requirements may hinder rjf's ability to access funds from its subsidiaries. rjf may also become subject to a prohibition or limitations on its ability to pay dividends or repurchase its common stock. federal regulators, including the fed and the sec (through finra), have the authority and under certain circumstances, the obligation, to limit or prohibit dividend payments and stock repurchases by the banking organizations they supervise, including rjf and its bank subsidiaries.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations index page introduction                                                                            38
executive overview                                                                      38
reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures                40
capital markets                                                                         48
asset management                                                                        50
raymond james bank other certain statistical disclosures by bank holding companies statement of financial condition analysis liquidity and capital resources regulatory                                                                              61
critical accounting estimates recent accounting developments risk management                                                                         62
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis introduction the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is intended to help the reader understand the results of our operations and financial condition. this md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. where "nm" is used in various percentage change computations, the computed percentage change has been determined to be not meaningful.
we operate as a financial holding company and bank holding company. results in the businesses in which we operate are highly correlated to general economic conditions and, more specifically, to the direction of the u.s. equity and fixed income markets, changes in interest rates, market volatility, corporate and mortgage lending markets and commercial and residential credit trends.  overall market conditions, economic, political and regulatory trends, and industry competition are among the factors which could affect us and which are unpredictable and beyond our control.  these factors affect the financial decisions made by market participants, including investors, borrowers, and competitors, impacting their level of participation in the financial markets. these factors also impact the level of investment banking activity and asset valuations, which ultimately affect our business results.
executive overview year ended september 30, 2021 compared with the year ended september 30, 2020
we generated strong results for fiscal 2021, with net revenues of $9.76 billion, an increase of 22% compared with the prior year, and pre-tax income of $1.79 billion, an increase of 70%. during fiscal 2021, pre-tax margin increased in all of our operating segments and we generated particularly strong results in our pcg, capital markets and asset management segments. our net income of $1.40 billion was 72% higher than the prior year, and our earnings per diluted share of $6.63(1), which reflected the impact of a 3-for-2 stock split in september 2021, increased 71%. our return on equity ("roe") was 18.4%, compared with 11.9% for the prior year, and return on tangible common equity ("rotce") was 20.4%(2), compared with 13.0%(2) for the prior year.
during fiscal 2021, we completed a $750 million, 30-year senior notes offering at 3.75%, utilizing the proceeds from the offering and cash on hand to early-redeem our $250 million of 5.625% senior notes due 2024 and our $500 million of 3.625% senior notes due 2026. we recognized losses on the extinguishment of such notes of $98 million. excluding these losses and acquisition-related expenses of $19 million, our adjusted net income was $1.49 billion(2), an increase of 74% compared with adjusted net income for the prior year. adjusted earnings per diluted share were $7.05(1)(2), a 73% increase compared with adjusted earnings per diluted share of $4.08(1)(2) for the prior year. our adjusted roe was 19.5%(2), compared with 12.5%(2) for the prior year, and adjusted rotce was 21.6%(2), compared with 13.6%(2) for the prior year.
the significant increase in net revenues compared with the prior year was driven by higher asset management and related administrative fees, largely attributable to higher pcg assets in fee-based accounts, as well as strong investment banking revenues and brokerage revenues. revenues in the current year also included $74 million of private equity valuation gains, of which $25 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests and were offset in other expenses, compared with $28 million of losses in the prior year, of which $20 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests. offsetting these increases was the negative impact of lower short-term interest rates on our net interest income and rjbdp fees from third-party banks.
compensation, commissions and benefits expense increased $1.12 billion, or 20%, primarily resulting from the growth in revenues and pre-tax income compared with the prior year. our compensation ratio, or the ratio of compensation, commissions and benefits expense to net revenues, decreased to 67.4% compared with 68.4% for the prior year. the decrease in our compensation ratio primarily resulted from higher revenues and changes in our revenue mix due to strong net revenues in our capital markets segment, which had a lower compensation ratio at 56% than our pcg segment, and the private equity valuation gains which have no associated direct compensation. our compensation ratio also benefited from expense management initiatives.
(1) during our fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 the board of directors approved a 3-for-2 stock split, effected in the form of a 50% stock dividend, paid on september 21, 2021. all share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect this stock split.
(2) "rotce," "adjusted net income," "adjusted earnings per diluted share," "adjusted roe" and "adjusted rotce" are each non-gaap financial measures. please see the "reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures" in this md&a for a reconciliation of our non-gaap measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures and for other important disclosures.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis non-compensation expenses decreased $87 million, or 6%, primarily due to a $265 million decrease in the bank loan provision for credit losses, which was a benefit of $32 million in the current year computed under the current expected credit loss ("cecl") methodology compared with a provision of $233 million in the prior year computed under the incurred loss methodology. non-compensation expenses also decreased as a result of $46 million of expenses in the prior year related to a reduction in workforce, which did not recur in the current year, as well as a decrease in business development expenses due to lower travel and event-related expenses as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. these decreases were partially offset by the aforementioned losses on extinguishment of debt of $98 million in the current year, and an increase in other expenses, primarily due to the change in private equity valuations attributable to noncontrolling interests compared with the prior year.
our effective income tax rate was 21.7% for fiscal 2021, a decrease compared with the 22.2% effective tax rate for fiscal 2020, primarily due to an increase in non-taxable gains on our corporate-owned life insurance portfolio.
liquidity and capital remained strong. as of september 30, 2021, our total capital ratio of 26.2% and tier 1 leverage ratio of 12.6% were each more than double the regulatory requirements to be considered well-capitalized. we also continued to have substantial liquidity, with $1.16 billion(1) of cash at the parent company, which includes parent cash loaned to rj&a. we expect to continue to be opportunistic in deploying our capital in fiscal 2022, through a combination of organic growth and acquisitions, as evidenced by our fiscal 2021 acquisitions of nwps holdings, inc., financo, llc, and cebile capital, and the announced acquisitions of charles stanley group plc and tristate capital holdings, inc. which we expect to close in fiscal 2022. pursuant to our board of directors' share repurchase authorization, we repurchased 1.5 million(2) shares of common stock during fiscal 2021 for $118 million, leaving $632 million of availability remaining under the authorization as of september 30, 2021. however, due to regulatory restrictions following our announced acquisition of tristate capital holdings, we do not expect to repurchase shares until after closing.
we remain well-positioned entering fiscal 2022, with nearly $1.2 trillion of client assets under administration, strong activity levels for financial advisory recruiting, and a strong investment banking pipeline. however, we expect to continue to face headwinds from near-zero short-term interest rates and economic uncertainty, including that arising from inflation, supply chain complications and uncertainty around u.s. economic policy. in addition, although the economy has improved since the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic, the pace of recovery in the future is uncertain due to concerns related to the pandemic, including the spread of the delta variant and other variants, vaccine distribution, and vaccine rates. as a result, we may experience volatility in brokerage and investment banking revenues, which may negatively impact our ability to sustain the level of revenues in future periods which were achieved in fiscal 2021. although our results during the year were positively impacted by a benefit for credit losses related to our bank loan portfolio, net loan growth and/or future market deterioration could result in increased provisions in future periods. in addition, we expect that expenses will continue to increase in fiscal 2022, as business and event-related travel increase and as we continue to make investments in our people and technology to support our growth.
year ended september 30, 2020 compared with the year ended september 30, 2019
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2020 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019.
(1) for additional information, please see the "liquidity and capital resources - sources of liquidity" section in this md&a.
(2)        during our fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 the board of directors approved a 3-for-2 stock split, effected in the form of a 50% stock dividend, paid on september 21, 2021. all share and per share information has been retroactively adjusted to reflect this stock split.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to gaap financial measures we utilize certain non-gaap financial measures as additional measures to aid in, and enhance, the understanding of our financial results and related measures. these non-gaap financial measures include adjusted net income, adjusted earnings per diluted share, adjusted roe, rotce, and adjusted rotce. we believe certain of these non-gaap financial measures provides useful information to management and investors by excluding certain material items that may not be indicative of our core operating results. we utilize these non-gaap financial measures in assessing the financial performance of the business, as they facilitate a meaningful comparison of current- and prior-period results. we believe that rotce is meaningful to investors as this measure facilitates comparison of our results to the results of other companies. in the following tables, the tax effect of non-gaap adjustments reflects the statutory rate associated with each non-gaap item. these non-gaap financial measures should be considered in addition to, and not as a substitute for, measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with gaap. in addition, our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled non-gaap financial measures of other companies. the following tables provide a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to the most directly comparable gaap financial measures for the periods indicated.
acquisition and disposition-related expenses                       19                               7
reduction in workforce expenses                                     -                              46
acquisition and disposition-related expenses                     0.09                            0.03
reduction in workforce expenses                                     -                            0.22
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis year ended september 30,
return on equity average equity                                                                      $7,635                          $6,860
impact on average equity of non-gaap adjustments:
acquisition and disposition-related expenses                                             6                               1
reduction in workforce expenses                                                          -                               9
adjusted average equity                                                             $7,669                          $6,868
average equity                                                                      $7,635                          $6,860
average goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net                               809                             605
average deferred tax liabilities, net                                                 (53)                            (31)
average tangible common equity                                                      $6,879                          $6,286
impact on average tangible common equity of non-gaap adjustments:
acquisition and disposition-related expenses                                             6                               1
reduction in workforce expenses                                                          -                               9
adjusted average tangible common equity                                             $6,913                          $6,294
return on equity                                                                      18.4    %                       11.9    %
adjusted return on equity                                                             19.5    %                       12.5    %
return on tangible common equity                                                      20.4    %                       13.0    %
adjusted return on tangible common equity                                             21.6    %                       13.6    %
tangible common equity is computed by subtracting goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net, along with the associated deferred tax liabilities, from total equity attributable to rjf. average equity is computed by adding the total equity attributable to rjf as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total and dividing by five, or in the case of average tangible common equity, computed by adding tangible common equity as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of year total, and dividing by five. adjusted average equity is computed by adjusting for the impact on average equity of the non-gaap adjustments, as applicable for each respective period. adjusted average tangible common equity is computed by adjusting for the impact on average tangible common equity of the non-gaap adjustments, as applicable for each respective period.
roe is computed by dividing net income by average equity for each respective period or, in the case of rotce, computed by dividing net income by average tangible common equity for each respective period. adjusted roe is computed by dividing adjusted net income by adjusted average equity for each respective period, or in the case of adjusted rotce, computed by dividing adjusted net income by adjusted average tangible common equity for each respective period.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis segments the following table presents our consolidated and segment net revenues and pre-tax income/(loss) for the years indicated.
year ended september 30,                                                    % change
capital markets net revenues                                 $1,885                      $1,291                      $1,083                         46      %                     19      %
asset management net revenues                                   $867                        $715                        $691                         21      %                      3      %
net interest analysis the following table presents the high, low and end of period target federal funds rates for our fiscal years ended september 30, 2021, 2020 and 2019, respectively.
in response to macroeconomic concerns resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, the federal reserve decreased its benchmark short-term interest rate in march 2020 to a range of 0-0.25%, a decrease of 150 basis points. these decreases, as well as the interest rate cuts implemented in calendar 2019 (225 basis points in total) have negatively impacted our net interest income, as well as the fees we earn from third-party banks on client cash balances swept to such banks as part of the rjbdp which are also sensitive to changes in interest rates. the negative impact of the decline in short-term interest rates has outweighed the growth in average interest-earning assets and average rjbdp balances swept to third-party banks compared with the prior year. we expect the current near-zero interest rate environment to continue into fiscal 2022.
given the relationship between our interest-sensitive assets and liabilities (primarily held in our pcg, raymond james bank and other segments) and the nature of fees we earn from third-party banks on the rjbdp, decreases in short-term interest rates generally result in an overall decrease in our net earnings, although the magnitude of the impact to our net interest margin depends on the yields on interest-earning assets relative to the cost of interest-bearing liabilities, including deposit rates paid to clients on their cash balances. conversely, any increases in short-term interest rates and/or decreases in the deposit rates paid to clients generally have a positive impact on our earnings.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis refer to the discussion of the specific components of our net interest income within the "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations" of our pcg, raymond james bank, and other segments. also refer to "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group - clients' domestic cash sweep balances" for further information on the rjbdp.
the following table presents our consolidated average interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability balances, interest income and expense and the related yields and rates.
$ in millions                                                                                    average                interest                  average rate                   average                  interest                  average rate                   average                  interest                  average rate balance                                                                         balance                                                                           balance interest-earning assets:
assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash                                      8,735                 15                        0.17      %                3,042                        28                        0.94      %                2,399                        59                        2.47      %
available-for-sale securities                                                                      7,950                 85                        1.07      %                4,250                        83                        1.94      %                2,872                        69                        2.39      %
loans held for investment:
reit loans                                                                                    1,273                      32                        2.48      %                1,333                        42                        3.09      %                1,381                        62                        4.43      %
loans held for sale                                                                             163                       4                        2.55      %                  130                         5                        3.70      %                  151                         7                        4.73      %
all other interest-earning assets                                                             2,251                      41                        1.77      %                2,289                        62                        2.70      %                2,967                        77                        2.60      %
total interest-earning assets                                                               $50,113                    $823                        1.64      %              $38,577                    $1,000                        2.59      %              $34,569                    $1,281                        3.71      %
interest-bearing liabilities:
bank deposits:
savings, money market and negotiable order of withdrawal ("now") accounts                   $28,359                      $6                        0.02      %              $23,629                       $21                        0.09      %              $20,889                      $120                        0.58      %
certificates of deposit                                                                         904                      17                        1.90      %                1,006                        20                        2.03      %                  536                        12                        2.24      %
total bank deposits                                                                          29,263                      23                        0.08      %               24,635                        41                        0.17      %               21,425                       132                        0.62      %
all other interest-bearing liabilities                                                          585                       9                        0.82      %                  795                        21                        1.99      %                1,030                        36                        3.13      %
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                          $42,968                    $150                        0.34      %              $32,301                      $178                        0.54      %              $28,257                      $283                        1.00      %
firmwide net interest margin (net yield on interest-earning assets)                                                                                1.35      %                                                                       2.14      %                                                                       2.89      %
nonaccrual loans are included in the average loan balances in the preceding table. any payments received for corporate nonaccrual loans are applied entirely to principal. interest income on residential mortgage nonaccrual loans is recognized on a cash basis.
the yield on tax-exempt loans in the preceding table is presented on a tax-equivalent basis utilizing the applicable federal statutory rates for each of the years presented.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. the following table shows the effect that these factors had on the interest earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities. the effect of changes in volume is determined by multiplying the change in volume by the previous period's average yield/cost. similarly, the effect of rate changes is calculated by multiplying the change in average yield/cost by the previous period's volume. changes attributable to both volume and rate have been allocated proportionately.
interest-earning assets:
assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash                      54                         (67)                        (13)                     16                         (47)                        (31)
available-for-sale securities                                                      71                         (69)                           2                     33                         (19)                          14
loans held for investment:
reit loans                                                                        (2)                          (8)                        (10)                    (3)                         (18)                        (21)
loans held for sale                                                                 1                          (2)                         (1)                    (1)                          (1)                         (2)
all other interest-earning assets                                                 (1)                         (20)                        (21)                   (18)        3                                            (15)
total interest-earning assets                                                     186                        (363)                       (177)                    104                        (385)                       (281)
interest-bearing liabilities:
bank deposits:
savings, money market and now accounts                                              4                         (19)                        (15)                     17                        (116)                        (99)
certificates of deposit                                                           (2)                          (1)                         (3)                     10                          (2)                           8
total bank deposits                                                                 2                         (20)                        (18)                     27                        (118)                        (91)
all other interest-bearing liabilities                                            (9)                          (3)                        (12)                    (8)                          (7)                        (15)
total interest-bearing liabilities                                                 22                         (50)                        (28)                     35                        (140)                       (105)
change in net interest income                                                    $164                       $(313)                      $(149)                    $69                       $(245)                      $(176)
results of operations - private client group through our pcg segment, we provide financial planning, investment advisory and securities transaction services for which we generally charge either asset-based fees (presented in "asset management and related administrative fees") or sales commissions (presented in "brokerage revenues"). we also earn revenues for distribution and related support services performed primarily related to mutual funds, fixed and variable annuities and insurance products. revenues of this segment are typically correlated with the level of pcg client aua, including fee-based accounts, as well as the overall u.s. equity markets. in periods where equity markets improve, aua and client activity generally increase, thereby having a favorable impact on net revenues.
we also earn servicing fees, such as omnibus and education and marketing support fees, from mutual fund and annuity companies whose products we distribute. servicing fees earned from mutual fund and annuity companies are based on the level of assets, a flat fee or number of positions in such programs. our pcg segment also earns fees from banks to which we sweep clients' cash in the rjbdp, including both third-party banks and raymond james bank. such fees are included in "account
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis and service fees." see "clients' domestic cash sweep balances" in the "selected key metrics" section for further information about fees earned from the rjbdp.
net interest income in the pcg segment is primarily generated by interest earnings on margin loans provided to clients and on assets segregated for regulatory purposes, less interest paid on client cash balances in the cip. higher client cash balances generally lead to increased interest income, depending on spreads realized in the cip. for more information on client cash balances, see "clients' domestic cash sweep balances" in the "selected key metrics" section.
for an overview of our pcg segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
asset management and related administrative fees                     $4,056                      $3,162                      $2,820                         28      %                     12      %
insurance and annuity products                                          438                         397                         412                         10      %                    (4)      %
equities, etfs and fixed income products                                438                         419                         378                          5      %                     11      %
mutual fund and annuity service fees                                    408                         348                         334                         17      %                      4      %
investment banking                                                       47                          41                          32                         15      %                     28      %
financial advisor compensation and benefits                           4,204                       3,428                       3,190                         23      %                      7      %
administrative compensation and benefits                              1,015                         971                         933                          5      %                      4      %
total compensation, commissions and benefits                          5,219                       4,399                       4,123                         19      %                      7      %
communications and information processing                               275                         251                         235                         10      %                      7      %
business development                                                     71                          79                         124                       (10)      %                   (36)      %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis selected key metrics pcg client asset balances as of september 30,
assets in fee-based accounts (1)                           $627.1                      $475.3                      $409.1
(1)a portion of our "assets in fee-based accounts" is invested in "managed programs" overseen by our asset management segment, specifically ams. these assets are included in our financial assets under management as disclosed in the "selected key metrics" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - asset management."
fee-based accounts within our pcg segment are comprised of a wide array of products and programs that we offer our clients. the majority of assets in fee-based accounts within our pcg segment are invested in programs for which our financial advisors provide investment advisory services, either on a discretionary or non-discretionary basis. administrative services for such accounts (e.g., record-keeping) are generally performed by our asset management segment and, as a result, a portion of the related revenue is shared with the asset management segment.
we also offer our clients fee-based accounts that are invested in "managed programs" overseen by ams, which is part of our asset management segment. fee-billable assets invested in managed programs are included in both "assets in fee-based accounts" in the preceding table and "financial assets under management" in the asset management segment. revenues related to managed programs are shared by our pcg and asset management segments. the asset management segment receives a higher portion of the revenues related to accounts invested in managed programs, as compared to the portion received for non-managed programs, as it is performing portfolio management services in addition to administrative services.
the vast majority of the revenues we earn from fee-based accounts are recorded in "asset management and related administrative fees" on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. fees received from such accounts are based on the value of client assets in fee-based accounts and vary based on the specific account types in which the client invests and the level of assets in the client relationship. as fees for substantially all of such accounts are billed based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter, revenues from fee-based accounts may not be immediately affected by changes in asset values, but rather the impacts are seen in the following quarter. assets in fee-based accounts in this segment increased 2% as of september 30, 2021 compared with june 30, 2021, which we expect will have a favorable impact on our related revenues in our fiscal first quarter of 2022.
pcg aua increased compared to the prior year due to equity market appreciation, the net addition of financial advisors, as well as net inflows of client assets. in addition, pcg assets in fee-based accounts continued to increase as a percentage of overall pcg aua due to clients' increased preference for fee-based alternatives versus transaction-based accounts. as a result of the shift to fee-based accounts over the past several years, a larger portion of our pcg revenues are more directly impacted by market movements.
financial advisors september 30,
the number of financial advisors increased from prior years due to a combination of strong retention and recruiting of financial advisors, as well as new trainees that were moved into production roles, partially offset by the impact of advisors who left the firm, including planned retirements, where assets are generally retained at the firm. the growth in the number of financial advisors has been negatively impacted by the transfer of advisors who were previously affiliated with the firm as independent contractors or employees to our rcs division. advisors in rcs are not included in the financial advisor count, although their assets of $92.7 billion are included in client aua. the recruiting pipeline remains robust across our affiliation options despite an increasingly competitive recruiting environment.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis clients' domestic cash sweep balances as of september 30,
a significant portion of our clients' cash is included in the rjbdp, a multi-bank sweep program in which clients' cash deposits in their accounts are swept into interest-bearing deposit accounts at raymond james bank and various third-party banks. we earn servicing fees for the administrative services we provide related to our clients' deposits that are swept to such banks as part of the rjbdp. the amounts from third-party banks are variable in nature and fluctuate based on client cash balances in the program, as well as the level of short-term interest rates and the interest paid to clients by the third-party banks on balances in the rjbdp. the "average yield on rjbdp - third party banks" in the preceding table is computed by dividing rjbdp fees from third-party banks, which are net of the interest expense paid to clients by the third-party banks, by the average daily rjbdp balance at third-party banks. the average yield on rjbdp - third-party banks decreased compared with the prior year to 0.30%, as the current year reflected a full year of near-zero short-term interest rates. if demand for deposits from third-party banks does not improve from current levels, this yield could further decline, particularly in the second half of fiscal 2022. the pcg segment also earns rjbdp servicing fees from the raymond james bank segment, which are based on the number of accounts that are swept to raymond james bank. the fees from the raymond james bank segment are eliminated in consolidation.
pcg segment results are impacted by changes in the allocation of client cash balances in rjbdp between raymond james bank and third-party banks. pcg segment results are also impacted by changes in the allocation of cash balances between rjbdp and cip, as the net yield to the firm on cash balances in cip (i.e., the spread between amounts earned on assets segregated for regulatory purposes and the interest paid to clients on cip balances) is lower than the yield to the firm on rjbdp balances, on average.
client cash balances remained elevated as of september 30, 2021, as a result of a number of factors, including the continuing economic uncertainty caused, in part, by the effects of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as uncertainty related to the nature and timing of policy changes that may be put forth by the federal government administration. as we continued to experience growing cash balances and less demand from third-party banks in the rjbdp during fiscal 2021, cash held in cip increased significantly, also driving an increase in our segregated asset balances.
year ended september 30, 2021 compared with the year ended september 30, 2020
asset management and related administrative fees increased $894 million, or 28%, primarily due to higher assets in fee-based accounts at the beginning of each of the current-year quarterly billing periods compared with the prior-year quarterly billing periods.
brokerage revenues increased $163 million, or 12%, primarily due to higher trailing revenues from mutual and other fund products and annuity products, resulting from higher average asset values, as well as higher transactional revenues due to increased client activity.
account and service fees increased $17 million, or 2%, primarily due to an increase in mutual fund service fees, primarily resulting from higher average mutual fund assets, as well as incremental client account and other fees resulting from our acquisition of nwps at the end of our fiscal first quarter of 2021. partially offsetting these increases was a decline in rjbdp fees from third-party banks as a result of lower short-term interest rates.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis net interest income decreased $19 million, or 14%, driven by a decline in interest income due to lower short-term interest rates, which more than offset the impact of higher average asset balances. in addition, our cip balances increased significantly compared with the prior year resulting in an increase in segregated assets, and a significant portion of the increase was held in segregated short-term u.s. treasury securities at very low interest rates. partially offsetting the impact of the decrease in interest income, interest expense also decreased, despite the significant increase in client cash balances in our cip, due to the impact of lower deposit rates paid on these balances.
non-compensation expenses increased $29 million, or 5%, largely due to higher communications and information processing expenses primarily due to ongoing upgrades to our technology platforms, as well as higher professional fees largely due to an increase in external legal fees and consulting expenses. partially offsetting these increases was a decline in business development expenses due to limited travel and event-related expenses during the covid-19 pandemic.
year ended september 30, 2020 compared with the year ended september 30, 2019
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2020 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019.
results of operations - capital markets our capital markets segment conducts investment banking, institutional sales, securities trading, the syndication and management of investments in low-income housing funds, the majority of which qualify for tax credits, and equity research.
we provide various investment banking services, including underwriting or advisory services on public and private equity and debt financing for corporate clients, public financing activities, merger & acquisition advisory, and other advisory services. revenues from investment banking activities are driven principally by our role in the transaction and the number and sizes of the transactions with which we are involved.
we earn brokerage revenues for the sale of both equity and fixed income products to institutional clients. client activity is influenced by a combination of general market activity and our capital markets group's ability to find attractive investment opportunities for clients.  in certain cases, we transact on a principal basis, which involves the purchase of securities from, and the sale of securities to, our clients as well as other dealers who may be purchasing or selling securities for their own account or acting on behalf of their clients.  profits and losses related to this activity are primarily derived from the spreads between bid and ask prices, as well as market trends for the individual securities during the period we hold them. to facilitate such transactions, we carry inventories of financial instruments. in our fixed income businesses, we also enter into interest rate swaps and futures contracts to facilitate client transactions or to actively manage risk exposures.
for an overview of our capital markets segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
equity                                                          145                       150                       131                        (3)      %                     15      %
investment banking:
merger &amp; acquisition and advisory                           639                       290                       379                        120      %                   (23)      %
equity underwriting                                             285                       185                       100                         54      %                     85      %
debt underwriting                                               172                       133                        85                         29      %                     56      %
total investment banking                                      1,096                       608                       564                         80      %                      8      %
tax credit fund revenues                                        105                        83                        86                         27      %                    (3)      %
compensation, commissions and benefits                        1,055                       774                       665                         36      %                     16      %
communications and information processing                        83                        77                        75                          8      %                      3      %
business development                                             34                        47                        48                       (28)      %                    (2)      %
acquisition and disposition-related expenses                      6                         7                        15                       (14)      %                   (53)      %
year ended september 30, 2021 compared with the year ended september 30, 2020
investment banking revenues increased $488 million, or 80%, due to a significant increase in merger & acquisition and advisory revenues and, to a lesser extent, underwriting revenues. the significant increase in merger & acquisition and advisory revenues reflected larger individual transactions and an increase in the number of transactions, as the current year reflected high levels of client activity throughout the year, while the prior year was impacted by lower levels of client activity during the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. equity underwriting revenues also increased significantly, primarily due to an increase in market activity in both the u.s. and canada. an increase in debt underwriting primarily resulted from higher revenues from corporate underwritings. in addition to the strong results during the current year, our investment banking pipelines remain strong at the beginning of fiscal 2022 and, in part, reflect the results of investments we have made over the past several years, which have positioned us to enhance our services to our clients. the most recent examples of such investments are our acquisitions of financo and cebile, which closed during fiscal 2021.
brokerage revenues increased $89 million, or 16%, due to a significant increase in fixed income brokerage revenues as a result of higher levels of client activity throughout the current year. the significant increase in client activity levels, particularly with depository institution clients, began toward the end of our fiscal second quarter of fiscal 2020, but were more sustained throughout fiscal 2021. we expect fixed income brokerage revenues to remain solid in fiscal 2022 driven in large part by anticipated continued demand from depository clients.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis non-compensation expenses increased $6 million, or 2%, primarily due to an increase in various expense categories as a result of growth in the business. these increases were partially offset by lower travel and event-related expenses as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. acquisition and disposition-related expenses were flat year-over-year, as the current year included $6 million of amortization expense related to intangible assets with short useful lives associated with our financo and cebile acquisitions, while the prior year included a $7 million loss related to the disposition of our interests in certain entities that operated predominantly in france.
year ended september 30, 2020 compared with the year ended september 30, 2019
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2020 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019.
results of operations - asset management our asset management segment earns asset management and related administrative fees for providing asset management, portfolio management and related administrative services to retail and institutional clients. this segment oversees the portion of our fee-based aua invested in "managed programs" for our pcg clients through ams and through rj trust. this segment also provides asset management services through carillon tower advisers for retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts or proprietary mutual funds that we manage, generally utilizing active portfolio management strategies. asset management fees are based on fee-billable aum, which are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets. rising equity markets have historically had a positive impact on revenues as existing accounts increase in value.
our asset management segment also earns administrative fees on certain fee-based assets within pcg that are not overseen by our asset management segment, but for which the segment provides administrative support (e.g., record-keeping). these administrative fees are based on asset balances, which are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets. for an overview of our asset management segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
asset management and related administrative fees:
total asset management and related administrative fees                      837                       688                       645                         22      %                      7      %
compensation, commissions and benefits                                      182                       177                       179                          3      %                    (1)      %
communications and information processing                                    47                        45                        44                          4      %                      2      %
investment sub-advisory fees                                                127                        99                        93                         28      %                      6      %
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis selected key metrics managed programs management fees recorded in our asset management segment are generally calculated as a percentage of the value of our fee-billable aum. these aum include the portion of fee-based aua in our pcg segment that is invested in programs overseen by our asset management segment (included in the "ams" line of the following table), as well as retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and proprietary mutual funds that we manage (collectively included in the "carillon tower advisers" line of the following table).
revenues related to fee-based aua in our pcg segment are shared by the pcg and asset management segments, the amount of which depends on whether clients are invested in assets that are in managed programs overseen by our asset management segment and the administrative services provided (see our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group" for more information). our aum in ams are impacted by market fluctuations and net inflows or outflows of assets, including transfers between fee-based accounts and transaction-based accounts within our pcg segment.
revenues earned by carillon tower advisers for retail accounts managed on behalf of third-party institutions, institutional accounts and our proprietary mutual funds are recorded entirely in the asset management segment. our aum in carillon tower advisers are impacted by market and investment performance and net inflows or outflows of assets.
fees for our managed programs are generally collected quarterly. approximately 65% of these fees are based on balances as of the beginning of the quarter, approximately 10% are based on balances as of the end of the quarter, and approximately 25% are based on average daily balances throughout the quarter.
financial assets under management september 30,
subtotal financial assets under management                         202.2                      161.7                      150.3
less: assets managed for affiliated entities                      (10.3)                      (8.6)                      (7.2)
total financial assets under management                           $191.9                     $153.1                     $143.1
(1)represents the portion of our pcg segment fee-based aua (as disclosed in "assets in fee-based accounts" in the "selected key metrics - pcg client asset balances" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group") that is invested in managed programs overseen by the asset management segment.
activity (including activity in assets managed for affiliated entities)
financial assets under management at beginning of year                     $161.7                      $150.3                      $146.6
net market appreciation in asset values                                      27.5                        10.7                         3.5
financial assets under management at end of year                           $202.2                      $161.7                      $150.3
ams see "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group" for further information about our retail client assets, including those fee-based assets invested in programs managed by ams.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis carillon tower advisers assets managed by carillon tower advisers include assets managed by its subsidiaries and affiliates: eagle asset management, scout investments, reams asset management (a division of scout investments), clarivest asset management and cougar global investments. the following table presents carillon tower advisers' aum by objective, excluding assets for which it does not exercise discretion, as well as the approximate average client fee rate earned on such assets.
$ in billions                                                  september 30, 2021        average fee rate equity                                                             $30.1                            0.52%
total financial assets under management                            $67.8                            0.35%
non-discretionary asset-based programs the following table includes assets held in certain non-discretionary asset-based programs for which the asset management segment does not exercise discretion but provides administrative support (including for affiliated entities). the vast majority of these assets are also included in our pcg segment fee-based aua (as disclosed in "assets in fee-based accounts" in the "selected key metrics - pcg client asset balances" section of our "management's discussion and analysis - results of operations - private client group").
total assets                     $365.3                      $280.6                      $229.7
the increase in assets over the prior year was primarily due to equity market appreciation, successful financial advisor recruiting and retention, and the continued trend of clients moving to fee-based accounts from transaction-based accounts. administrative fees associated with these programs are predominantly based on balances at the beginning of the quarter.
rj trust the following table includes assets held in asset-based programs in rj trust (including those managed for affiliated entities).
total assets                     $8.1                      $7.1                      $6.6
year ended september 30, 2021 compared with the year ended september 30, 2020
asset management and related administrative fees increased $149 million, or 22%, driven by higher average aum and higher assets in non-discretionary asset-based programs compared with the prior year, resulting from equity market appreciation and net inflows at ams. while carillon tower advisers continued to be negatively impacted by the industry shift from actively managed investment strategies to passive investment strategies, its net outflows for the year were much lower than in prior years. beginning october 1, 2021, ams will receive a lower portion of the client fee on certain managed fee-based products offered to pcg clients through ams. based on balances as of september 30, 2021, these changes are expected to result in an approximately $35 million annual reduction in asset management and related administrative fees in the asset management segment and an approximately $25 million reduction in firmwide pre-tax income.
compensation expenses increased $5 million, or 3%, and included the impact of higher net revenues. non-compensation expenses increased $42 million, or 17%, primarily due to increases in investment sub-advisory fees, resulting from an increase in aum in sub-advised programs, and an increase in platform fees.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis year ended september 30, 2020 compared to the year ended september 30, 2019
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2020 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019.
results of operations - raymond james bank raymond james bank provides various types of loans, including corporate loans, tax-exempt loans, residential loans, sbl and other loans. raymond james bank is active in corporate loan syndications and participations and also provides fdic-insured deposit accounts, including to clients of our broker-dealer subsidiaries. raymond james bank generates net interest income principally through the interest income earned on loans and an investment portfolio of available-for-sale securities, which is offset by the interest expense it pays on client deposits and on its borrowings. raymond james bank's net interest income is affected by the levels of interest rates, interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. higher interest-earning asset balances and higher interest rates generally lead to increased net interest income, depending upon spreads realized on interest-bearing liabilities. for more information on average interest-earning asset and interest-bearing liability balances and the related interest income and expense, see the following discussion in this md&a. for an overview of our raymond james bank segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1- business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
compensation and benefits                                           51                        51                        49                          -      %                      4      %
bank loan provision/(benefit) for credit losses                   (32)                       233                        22                                nm                    959      %
year ended september 30, 2021 compared with the year ended september 30, 2020
net interest income decreased $96 million, or 13%, as the negative impact from lower short-term interest rates more than offset the impact of higher average interest-earning assets. the increase in average interest-earning assets was primarily driven by growth in the available-for-sale securities portfolio and securities-based loans to pcg clients. the net interest margin decreased to 1.95% from 2.63% for the prior year, primarily due to the relatively low short-term interest rates throughout fiscal 2021 compared to only a partial year of such low rates in fiscal 2020, as well as a higher concentration of agency-backed available-for-sale securities, which have a lower yield on average than loans. based on current interest rates and our current asset mix, we expect our net interest margin to approximate 1.90% for the first half of fiscal 2022.
the bank loan benefit for credit losses was $32 million in the current year, which was calculated under the cecl model, compared with a provision for credit losses of $233 million in the prior year, which was calculated under the incurred loss model. the current year benefit reflected improved economic forecasts used in our cecl model since our adoption of cecl on october 1, 2020, including improved outlooks on unemployment, gross domestic product and property price indices, as well as improved credit ratings within our corporate loan portfolio, partially offset by provisions for credit losses related to loan growth. we plan to continue to grow our bank loan portfolio in fiscal 2022, which we expect will result in an increased
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis provision for credit losses in future periods, absent further improvement in our economic forecasts. the provision for credit losses in the prior year was significant due to the rapid and widespread economic deterioration and uncertainty caused by the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, as well as charge-offs on certain corporate loans sold during the prior year primarily driven by our credit risk mitigation activities.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2020 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019.
results of operations - other this segment includes our private equity investments, interest income on certain corporate cash balances, certain acquisition-related expenses, and certain corporate overhead costs of rjf, including the interest costs on our public debt and any losses on extinguishment of such debt. the other segment also includes the reduction in workforce expenses, primarily the result of the elimination of certain positions, that occurred in our fiscal fourth quarter of 2020 in response to the economic environment at that time. for an overview of our other segment operations, refer to the information presented in "item 1 - business" of this form 10-k.
operating results year ended september 30,                                                    % change
gains/(losses) on private equity investments                       74                        (28)                        14                                nm                            nm all other                                                           6                           4                         3                         50      %                     33      %
acquisition and disposition-related expenses                       13                           -                         -                                nm                      -      %
reduction in workforce expenses                                     -                          46                         -                      (100)      %                            nm total non-interest expenses                                       238                         110                        87                        116      %                     26      %
net revenues increased $74 million, primarily due to private equity valuation gains in the current year, compared with valuation losses in the prior year, which reflected the impact of challenging market conditions at the onset of the covid-19 pandemic. the current year included $74 million of private equity valuation gains, of which $25 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests and were offset within "other" expenses. these valuation gains were primarily the result of an improvement in market conditions and an improved outlook for certain of our investments. the prior year included $28 million of private equity valuation losses, of which $20 million were attributable to noncontrolling interests and were offset within "other" expenses. interest income earned on corporate cash balances decreased compared with the prior year due to lower short-term interest rates, and interest expense increased primarily as a result of an increase in corporate debt arising from the issuance of $500 million of senior notes in march 2020.
non-interest expenses increased $128 million, or 116%, primarily due to losses on extinguishment of debt of $98 million in the current year (refer to the "executive overview" section of this md&a), the aforementioned $25 million of gains attributable to noncontrolling interests compared with $20 million of losses in the prior year, and acquisition-related expenses of $13 million in the current year, which primarily included professional and integration expenses associated with our acquisitions of nwps, financo and cebile during fiscal 2021 and our announced acquisitions of charles stanley and tristate capital. these increases raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis were partially offset by the impact of $46 million of reduction in workforce expenses in the prior year, which did not recur in the current year.
refer to "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of our 2020 form 10-k for a discussion of our fiscal 2020 results compared to fiscal 2019.
return on assets                                     2.5%                    1.9%                    2.7%
return on equity                                    18.4%                   11.9%                   16.2%
average equity to average assets                    13.8%                   15.5%                   16.7%
return on assets is computed by dividing net income by average assets for each indicated fiscal year. average assets is computed by adding total assets as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total and dividing by five.
return on equity is computed by dividing net income by average equity for each indicated fiscal year. average equity is computed by adding the total equity attributable to rjf as of each quarter-end date during the indicated fiscal year to the beginning of the year total and dividing by five.
average equity to average assets is computed by dividing average equity by average assets for each indicated fiscal year, as calculated in accordance with the previous explanations.
dividend payout ratio is computed by dividing dividends declared per common share by earnings per diluted common share for each indicated fiscal year.
refer to the "net interest analysis" and "risk management - credit risk" sections of this md&a and to the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for the other required disclosures.
statement of financial condition analysis the assets on our consolidated statements of financial condition consisted primarily of cash and cash equivalents, assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash (primarily segregated for the benefit of clients), receivables including bank loans, financial instruments held either for trading purposes or as investments, and other assets.  a significant portion of our assets were liquid in nature, providing us with flexibility in financing our business.
total assets of $61.89 billion as of september 30, 2021 were $14.41 billion, or 30%, greater than our total assets as of september 30, 2020. the increase in assets was primarily due to a $7.10 billion increase in assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash, primarily due to a significant increase in client cash balances. bank loans, net increased by $3.80 billion, primarily due to an increase in securities-based loans to pcg clients and an increase in corporate loans. in addition, cash and cash equivalents increased $1.81 billion, available-for-sale securities increased $665 million, and brokerage client receivables, net increased $396 million. goodwill and identifiable intangible assets, net increased $282 million due to the acquisitions of nwps, financo, and cebile during fiscal 2021.
as of september 30, 2021, our total liabilities of $53.59 billion were $13.28 billion, or 33%, greater than our total liabilities as of september 30, 2020. the increase in total liabilities was primarily related to the significant increase in client cash balances as of september 30, 2021, resulting in a $7.20 billion increase in brokerage client payables, primarily due to an increase in client cash held in our cip, and a $5.69 billion increase in bank deposits, reflecting higher rjbdp balances held at raymond james bank. our accrued compensation, commissions and benefits increased $441 million, primarily due to an increase in accrued bonuses and benefits resulting from higher net revenues and pre-tax earnings compared with the prior year.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis liquidity and capital resources liquidity and capital are essential to our business. the primary goal of our liquidity management activities is to ensure adequate funding to conduct our business over a range of economic and market environments. we seek to manage capital levels to support execution of our business strategy, provide financial strength to our subsidiaries, and maintain sustained access to the capital markets, while at the same time meeting our regulatory capital requirements and conservative internal management targets.
liquidity and capital resources are provided primarily through our business operations and financing activities.  financing activities could include bank borrowings, collateralized financing arrangements or additional capital raising activities under our "universal" shelf registration statement. we believe our existing assets, most of which are liquid in nature, together with funds generated from operations and available from committed and uncommitted financing facilities, provide adequate funds for continuing operations at current levels of activity in the short-term. we also believe that we will be able to continue to meet our long-term cash requirements due to our strong financial position and ability to access capital from financial markets.
liquidity and capital management senior management establishes our liquidity and capital management frameworks. our liquidity and capital management frameworks are overseen by the rjf asset and liability committee, a senior management committee that develops and executes strategies and policies to manage our liquidity risk and interest rate risk, as well as provides oversight over the firm's investments. the liquidity management framework includes senior management's review of short- and long-term cash flow forecasts, review of capital expenditures, monitoring of the availability of alternative sources of financing, and daily monitoring of liquidity in our significant subsidiaries. our decisions on the allocation of resources to our business units consider, among other factors, projected profitability, cash flow, risk, and future liquidity needs. our treasury department assists in evaluating, monitoring and controlling the impact that our business activities have on our financial condition and liquidity, and also maintains our relationships with various lenders. the objective of our liquidity management framework is to support the successful execution of our business strategies while ensuring ongoing and sufficient liquidity.
our capital planning and capital risk management processes are governed by the capital planning committee ("cpc"), a senior management committee that provides oversight on our capital planning and ensures that our strategic planning and risk management processes are integrated into the capital planning process. the cpc meets at least quarterly to review key metrics related to the firm's capital, such as debt structure and capital ratios; to analyze potential and emerging risks to capital; to oversee our annual firmwide capital stress test; and to propose capital actions to the board of directors, such as declaring dividends, repurchasing securities, and raising capital. to ensure that we have sufficient capital to absorb unanticipated losses, the firm adheres to capital risk appetite statements and tolerances set in excess of regulatory minimums, which are established by the cpc and approved by the board of directors. we conduct enterprise-wide capital stress testing to ensure that we maintain adequate capital to adhere to our established tolerances under multiple scenarios, including stressed scenarios.
cash flows cash and cash equivalents increased $1.81 billion to $7.20 billion during the year ended september 30, 2021. during the year ended september 30, 2021, cash provided by our operations (including significant net income) and proceeds from our $750 million of 3.75% senior notes offering (net of debt issuance costs), were offset by cash used for the early-redemption of $750 million of our pre-existing senior notes and the related make-whole premiums, dividend payments, share repurchases, and investments in future growth with our acquisitions of nwps, financo, and cebile. we also had significant increases in client cash balances, which increased both our brokerage client payables and our bank deposits. however, this cash was largely used to increase our assets segregated for regulatory purposes, including through the purchase of u.s. treasuries, as part of our brokerage activities, and to increase our bank loan portfolio and available-for-sale securities as part of our banking activities.
sources of liquidity approximately $1.16 billion of our total september 30, 2021 cash and cash equivalents included cash held directly at the parent, or parent cash loaned to rj&a.  this parent cash balance does not include $400 million of cash set aside by rjf in a restricted account during the fiscal fourth quarter of 2021 to be used to fund our closing obligations associated with the pending acquisition of charles stanley. as of september 30, 2021, this restricted cash was included in "assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash" on our consolidated statements of financial condition and is not included in the amounts presented in the following table. as of september 30, 2021, rjf had loaned $649 million to rj&a (such amount is included in the rj&a cash balance in the following table), which rj&a has invested on behalf of rjf in cash and cash equivalents or raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis otherwise deployed in its normal business activities. the following table presents our holdings of cash and cash equivalents.
rjf maintained depository accounts at raymond james bank with a balance of $229 million as of september 30, 2021. the portion of this total that was available on demand without restrictions, which amounted to $152 million as of september 30, 2021, is reflected in the rjf total (and is excluded from the raymond james bank cash balance in the preceding table).
a large portion of the rj ltd. cash and cash equivalents balance as of september 30, 2021 was held to meet regulatory requirements and was not available for use by the parent.
in addition to the cash balances described, we have various other potential sources of cash available to the parent from subsidiaries, as described in the following section.
liquidity available from subsidiaries liquidity is principally available to rjf, the parent company, from rj&a and raymond james bank.
certain of our broker-dealer subsidiaries are subject to the requirements of the uniform net capital rule (rule 15c3-1) under the securities and exchange act of 1934. as a member firm of finra, rj&a is subject to finra's capital requirements, which are substantially the same as rule 15c3-1. rule 15c3-1 provides for an "alternative net capital requirement," which rj&a has elected. regulations require that minimum net capital, as defined, be equal to the greater of $1.5 million or 2% of aggregate debit items arising from client transactions. in addition, covenants in rj&a's committed financing facilities require its net capital to be a minimum of 10% of aggregate debit items. at september 30, 2021, rj&a significantly exceeded the minimum regulatory requirements, the covenants in its financing arrangements pertaining to net capital, as well as its internally-targeted net capital tolerances and intends to use a portion of its excess net capital to remit dividends to rjf in fiscal 2022, in conformity with all required regulatory rules or approvals. finra may impose certain restrictions, such as restricting withdrawals of equity capital, if a member firm were to fall below a certain threshold or fail to meet minimum net capital requirements which may result in rj&a limiting dividends it would otherwise remit to rjf. we evaluate regulatory requirements, loan covenants and certain internal tolerances when determining the amount of liquidity available to rjf from rj&a.
raymond james bank may pay dividends to rjf without prior approval of its regulator as long as the dividends do not exceed the sum of raymond james bank's current calendar year and the previous two calendar years' retained net income, and raymond james bank maintains its targeted regulatory capital ratios.  dividends from raymond james bank may be limited to the extent that capital is needed to support its balance sheet growth.
although we have liquidity available to us from our other subsidiaries, the available amounts are not as significant as those previously described and, in certain instances, may be subject to regulatory requirements.
borrowings and financing arrangements committed financing arrangements our ability to borrow is dependent upon compliance with the conditions in our various loan agreements and, in the case of secured borrowings, collateral eligibility requirements. our committed financing arrangements consist of a tri-party repurchase agreement (i.e., securities sold under agreements to repurchase) and, in the case of our $500 million revolving credit facility agreement (the "credit facility"), an unsecured line of credit. the required market value of the collateral associated with the tri-party repurchase agreement ranges from 105% to 125% of the amount financed.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table presents our committed financing arrangements with third-party lenders, which we generally utilize to finance a portion of our fixed income trading instruments, and the outstanding balances related thereto.
committed secured                                     $100                                      $-                     $100                                       1
committed unsecured                          200                                       300                    500                                                 1
total committed financing arrangements                $300                                      $300                   $600                                       2
committed secured                                     $-                                        $-                     $-
committed unsecured                                   -                                         -                      -
our committed unsecured financing arrangement in the preceding table represents our credit facility, which provides for maximum borrowings of up to $500 million, with a sublimit of $300 million for rjf. rj&a may borrow up to $500 million under the credit facility, depending on the amount of outstanding borrowings by rjf. for additional details on our committed unsecured financing arrangement, see our discussion of the credit facility in note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. in april 2021, we amended our credit facility, maintaining the $500 million maximum borrowing amount, but extending the term through april 2026 and incorporating a lower cost of borrowing under the facility and certain favorable covenant modifications.
uncommitted financing arrangements our uncommitted financing arrangements are in the form of secured lines of credit, secured bilateral or tri-party repurchase agreements, or unsecured lines of credit. our arrangements with third-party lenders are generally utilized to finance a portion of our fixed income securities or for cash management purposes. our uncommitted secured financing arrangements generally require us to post collateral in excess of the amount borrowed and are generally collateralized by rj&a-owned securities or by securities that we have received as collateral under reverse repurchase agreements (i.e., securities purchased under agreements to resell). as of september 30, 2021, we had outstanding borrowings under two uncommitted secured borrowing arrangements out of a total of 11 uncommitted financing arrangements (seven uncommitted secured and four uncommitted unsecured). however, lenders are under no contractual obligation to lend to us under uncommitted credit facilities.
the following table presents our borrowings on uncommitted financing arrangements, all of which were in the form of repurchase agreements in rj&a and were included in "collateralized financings" on our consolidated statements of financial condition.
uncommitted secured                       $205
uncommitted unsecured                     -
the average daily balance outstanding during the five most recent quarters, the maximum month-end balance outstanding during the quarter and the period-end balances for repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements are detailed in the following table.
repurchase transactions                                                                    reverse repurchase transactions for the quarter ended:($ in millions)             average daily                      maximum month-end                    end of period        average daily                         maximum month-end                       end of period balance                    balance outstanding                          balance              balance                       balance outstanding                             balance outstanding                     during the quarter                      outstanding          outstanding                        during the quarter                         outstanding september 30, 2021                                  $220                                 $234                               $205                 $269                                    $286                                  $279
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis other borrowings and collateralized financings we had $850 million in federal home loan bank ("fhlb") borrowings outstanding at september 30, 2021, comprised of floating-rate advances. the interest rates on the floating-rate advances, which mature in december 2022, reset quarterly and are generally based on libor. we use interest rate swaps to manage the risk of increases in interest rates associated with these floating-rate advances by converting the balances subject to variable interest rates to a fixed interest rate. the interest rates on the fhlb borrowings will transition to a sofr-based rate in december 2021. these fhlb borrowings were secured by a blanket lien on raymond james bank's residential mortgage loan portfolio. raymond james bank had an additional $3.31 billion in immediate credit available from the fhlb as of september 30, 2021 and, with the pledge of additional eligible collateral to the fhlb, total available credit of 30% of total assets. see note 16 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information regarding these borrowings.
raymond james bank is eligible to participate in the federal reserve's discount window program; however, we do not view borrowings from the federal reserve as a primary source of funding.  the credit available in this program is subject to periodic review, may be terminated or reduced at the discretion of the federal reserve, and is secured by pledged c&i loans.
we act as an intermediary between broker-dealers and other financial institutions whereby we borrow securities from one broker-dealer and then lend them to another.  where permitted, we have also loaned, to broker-dealers and other financial institutions, securities owned by clients or the firm.  we account for each of these types of transactions as collateralized agreements and financings, with the outstanding balance of $72 million as of september 30, 2021 related to the securities loaned included in "collateralized financings" on our consolidated statements of financial condition of this form 10-k. see notes 2 and 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for more information on our collateralized agreements and financings.
senior notes payable in april 2021, we sold $750 million in aggregate principal amount of 3.75% senior notes due april 2051 in a registered underwritten public offering. we utilized the proceeds from the offering and cash on hand to early-redeem our $250 million par 5.625% senior notes due 2024 and our $500 million par 3.625% senior notes due 2026. see note 17 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
after the issuance of the 3.75% senior notes due april 2051 and repurchase and redemption of the 5.625% senior notes due 2024 and 3.625% senior notes due 2026, at september 30, 2021, we had aggregate outstanding senior notes payable of $2.04 billion, which, exclusive of any unaccreted premiums or discounts and debt issuance costs, was comprised of $500 million par 4.65% senior notes due 2030, $800 million par 4.95% senior notes due 2046, and $750 million par 3.75% senior notes due 2051. at september 30, 2021, estimated future contractual interest payments on our senior notes were approximately $2 billion, of which $91 million is payable in fiscal 2022, with the remainder extending through 2051.
credit ratings our issuer and senior long-term debt ratings as of the most current report are detailed in the following table.
rating agency                                rating         outlook fitch ratings, inc.(1)                       a-             stable moody's investors services (2)               baa1           review for upgrade standard &amp; poor's ratings services       bbb+           stable
(1)    in march 2021, fitch ratings, inc. assigned its first issuer and senior long-term debt rating for raymond james financial, inc.
(2)    in november 2021, moody's investor services placed our senior debt and issuer rating on review for upgrade.
our current long-term debt ratings depend upon a number of factors, including industry dynamics, operating and economic environment, operating results, operating margins, earnings trends and volatility, balance sheet composition, liquidity and liquidity management, capital structure, overall risk management, business diversification and market share, and competitive position in the markets in which we operate. deterioration in any of these factors could impact our credit ratings.  any rating downgrades could increase our costs in the event we were to obtain additional financing.
should our credit rating be downgraded prior to a public debt offering, it is probable that we would have to offer a higher rate of interest to bond holders.  a downgrade to below investment grade may make a public debt offering difficult to execute on terms we would consider to be favorable.  a downgrade below investment grade could result in the termination of certain raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis derivative contracts and the counterparties to the derivative instruments could request immediate payment or demand immediate and ongoing overnight collateralization on our derivative instruments in liability positions. a credit downgrade could damage our reputation and result in certain counterparties limiting their business with us, result in negative comments by analysts, potentially negatively impact investors' and/or clients' perception of us, and cause a decline in our stock price. none of our borrowing arrangements contains a condition or event of default related to our credit ratings. however, a credit downgrade would result in the firm incurring a higher facility fee on the credit facility, in addition to triggering a higher interest rate applicable to any borrowings outstanding on that line as of and subsequent to such downgrade. conversely, an improvement in rjf's current credit rating could have a favorable impact on the facility fee, as well as the interest rate applicable to any borrowings on such line.
other sources and uses of liquidity we have company-owned life insurance policies which are utilized to fund certain non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans. certain of our non-qualified deferred compensation plans and other employee benefit plans are employee-directed while others are company-directed. of the company-owned life insurance policies which fund these plans, certain policies could be used as a source of liquidity for the firm. those policies against which we could readily borrow had a cash surrender value of $835 million as of september 30, 2021, comprised of $520 million related to employee-directed plans and $315 million related to company-directed plans, and we were able to borrow up to 90%, or $751 million, of the september 30, 2021 total without restriction.  to effect any such borrowing, the underlying investments would be converted to money market investments, therefore requiring us to take market risk related to the employee-directed plans. there were no borrowings outstanding against any of these policies as of september 30, 2021.
on may 12, 2021, we filed a "universal" shelf registration statement with the sec pursuant to which we can issue debt, equity and other capital instruments if and when necessary or perceived by us to be opportune. subject to certain conditions, this registration statement will be effective through may 12, 2024.
on july 29, 2021, we announced our firm intention to make an offer for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of u.k.-based charles stanley group plc ("charles stanley") at a price of 5.15 per share, or approximately 279 million ($387 million as of july 28, 2021). under the terms of the intended offer, a loan note alternative will be available to charles stanley shareholders which will enable eligible charles stanley shareholders to elect to receive a loan note in lieu of part or all of the cash consideration to which they would otherwise be entitled under the terms of the offer. the initial interest rate for the loan note alternative for the first year is 0.1%. the note bears interest at a variable rate which resets annually, calculated as the bank of england's base rate plus a differential defined in the loan note, with the interest rate not to exceed 1.5% in any period. the transaction, which is subject to fca approval, is expected to close in the first half of fiscal 2022. we have segregated $400 million in cash to fund the acquisition on the closing date, which is included in "assets segregated for regulatory purposes and restricted cash" on our consolidated statements of financial condition as of september 30, 2021. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10k for additional information.
on october 20, 2021, we announced we had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire tristate capital holdings, inc. ("tristate capital") in a combination cash and stock transaction, valued at approximately $1.1 billion. under the terms of the agreement, tristate capital common stockholders will receive $6.00 cash and 0.25 rjf shares for each share of tristate capital common stock, which represents per share consideration of $31.09 based on the closing price of rjf common stock on october 19, 2021. we have entered into an agreement with the sole holder of the tristate capital series c perpetual non-cumulative convertible non-voting preferred stock ("series c convertible preferred") pursuant to which the series c convertible preferred will be converted to common shares at the prescribed exchange ratio and cashed out at $30 per share. the tristate capital series a non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and series b non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock will remain outstanding and will be converted into equivalent preferred stock of rjf. the transaction, which is subject to customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals and approval by tristate capital shareholders, is expected to close in fiscal 2022. we currently have the ability to utilize our cash on hand to fund the acquisition. see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
as part of our ongoing operations, we also enter into contractual arrangements that may require future cash payments, including certificates of deposit, lease obligations and other contractual arrangements, such as for software and various services. see notes 14 and 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our lease obligations and certificates of deposit, respectively. we have entered into investment commitments, lending commitments and other commitments to extend credit for which we are unable to reasonably predict the timing of future payments. see note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis regulatory refer to the discussion of the regulatory environment in which we operate and the impact on our operations of certain rules and regulations in "item 1 - business - regulation" of this form 10-k.
rjf and many of its subsidiaries are each subject to various regulatory capital requirements. as of september 30, 2021, all of our active regulated domestic and international subsidiaries had net capital in excess of minimum requirements. in addition, rjf and raymond james bank were categorized as "well-capitalized" as of september 30, 2021. the maintenance of certain risk-based and other regulatory capital levels could influence various capital allocation decisions impacting one or more of our businesses.  however, due to the current capital position of rjf and its regulated subsidiaries, we do not anticipate these capital requirements will have a negative impact on our future business activities. see note 24 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information on regulatory capital requirements.
critical accounting estimates the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with gaap, which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during any reporting period in our consolidated financial statements. management has established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure the appropriateness of such estimates and assumptions and their consistent application from period to period. for a description of our significant accounting policies, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
due to their nature, estimates involve judgment based upon available information. actual results or amounts could differ from estimates and the difference could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. therefore, understanding these critical accounting estimates is important in understanding our reported results of operations and financial position. we believe that of our accounting estimates and assumptions, those described in the following sections involve a high degree of judgment and complexity.
valuation of financial instruments the use of fair value to measure financial instruments, with related gains or losses recognized on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, is fundamental to our financial statements and our risk management processes. "financial instruments" and "financial instrument liabilities" are reflected on the consolidated statements of financial condition at fair value. unrealized gains and losses related to these financial instruments are reflected in our net income or our other comprehensive income/(loss) ("oci"), depending on the underlying purpose of the instrument.
we measure the fair value of our financial instruments in accordance with gaap, which defines fair value, establishes a framework that we use to measure fair value, and provides for certain disclosures in our financial statements. fair value is defined by gaap as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability.
in determining the fair value of our financial instruments, we use various valuation approaches, including market and/or income approaches. fair value is a market-based measurement considered from the perspective of a market participant. as such, our fair value measurements reflect assumptions that we believe market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. a hierarchy for inputs is used in measuring fair value that maximizes the use of observable inputs and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs by requiring that the relevant observable inputs be used when available. the hierarchy is broken down into three levels: level 1 represents unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments; level 2 represents valuations based on inputs other than unadjusted quoted prices in active markets, but for which all significant inputs are observable; and level 3 consists of valuation techniques that incorporate one or more significant unobservable inputs and, therefore, requires the greatest use of judgment. the availability of observable inputs can vary from instrument to instrument and, in certain cases, the inputs used to measure fair value may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. in such cases, an instrument's level within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement of an instrument requires judgment and consideration of factors specific to the instrument.
the fair values for certain of our financial instruments are derived using pricing models and other valuation techniques that involve management judgment. the price transparency of financial instruments is a key determinant of the degree of judgment involved in determining the fair value of our financial instruments. financial instruments which are actively traded will raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis generally have a higher degree of price transparency than financial instruments that are less frequently traded. as a result, the valuation of certain financial instruments which are less frequently traded included management judgment in determining the relevance and reliability of market information available and are generally classified in level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
see notes 2 and 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about the level within the fair value hierarchy, specific valuation techniques and inputs, and other significant accounting policies pertaining to financial instruments at fair value.
loss provisions loss provisions for legal and regulatory matters the recorded amount of liabilities related to legal and regulatory matters is subject to significant management judgment. for a description of the significant estimates and judgments associated with establishing such accruals, see the "contingent liabilities" section of note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. in addition, refer to note 19 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding legal and regulatory matter contingencies as of september 30, 2021.
allowance for credit losses we evaluate certain of our financial assets, including bank loans, to estimate an allowance for credit losses. effective october 1, 2020, we adopted the cecl accounting guidance which changed the methodology used to measure the allowance for credit losses from an allowance based on incurred losses to an allowance based on expected credit losses over a financial asset's lifetime. the remaining life of our financial assets is determined by considering contractual terms and expected prepayments, among other factors. we employ multiple methodologies in estimating an allowance for credit losses and our approaches differ by type of financial asset and the risk characteristics within each financial asset type. our estimates are based on ongoing evaluations of the portfolio, the related credit risk characteristics, and the overall economic and environmental conditions affecting the financial assets. our process for determining the allowance for credit losses includes a complex analysis of several quantitative and qualitative factors requiring significant management judgment due to matters that are inherently uncertain. this uncertainty can produce volatility in our allowance for credit losses. in addition, the allowance for credit losses could be insufficient to cover actual losses. in such an event, any losses in excess of our allowance would result in a decrease in our net income, as well as a decrease in the level of regulatory capital. see the discussion regarding our methodology in estimating the allowance for credit losses in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
recent accounting developments the fasb has issued certain accounting updates which were assessed and either determined to be not applicable or are not expected to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
risk management risks are an inherent part of our business and activities. management of risk is critical to our fiscal soundness and profitability. our risk management processes are multi-faceted and require communication, judgment and knowledge of financial products and markets. we have a formal enterprise risk management ("erm") program to assess and review aggregate risks across the firm. our management takes an active role in the erm process, which requires specific administrative and business functions to participate in the identification, assessment, monitoring and control of various risks.
the principal risks related to our business activities are market, credit, liquidity, operational, model, and compliance.
governance our board of directors, including its audit and risk committee, oversees the firm's management and mitigation of risk, reinforcing a culture that encourages ethical conduct and risk management throughout the firm.  senior management communicates and reinforces this culture through three lines of risk management and a number of senior-level management committees.  our first line of risk management, which includes all of our businesses, owns its risks and is responsible for helping to identify, escalate, and mitigate risks arising from its day-to-day activities.  the second line of risk management, which includes the compliance, legal, and risk management departments, supports and provides guidance and oversight to client-facing businesses and other first-line risk management functions in identifying and mitigating risk. the second line of risk management also tests and monitors the effectiveness of controls, escalates risks when appropriate, and reports on these raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis risks.  the third line of risk management, internal audit, independently reviews activities conducted by the previous lines of risk management to assess their management and mitigation of risk, providing additional assurance to the board of directors and senior management, with a view toward enhancing our oversight, management, and mitigation of risk.
market risk market risk is our risk of loss resulting from the impact of changes in market prices on our trading inventory, derivatives and investment positions. we have exposure to market risk primarily through our broker-dealer trading operations and our banking operations. our broker-dealer subsidiaries, primarily rj&a, act as market makers and trade debt obligations and equity securities and maintain inventories to ensure availability of securities and to facilitate client transactions. inventory levels may fluctuate daily as a result of client demand. we also hold investments in agency-backed mbs and agency-backed cmos within raymond james bank's available-for-sale securities portfolio, and from time-to-time may hold sba loan securitizations not yet transferred. our primary market risks relate to interest rates, equity prices, and foreign exchange rates. interest rate risk results from changes in levels of interest rates, the volatilities of interest rates, mortgage prepayment speeds and credit spreads. equity risk results from changes in prices of equity securities. foreign exchange risk results from changes in spot prices, forward prices and volatilities of foreign exchange rates.
see notes 2, 4, 5 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for fair value and other information regarding our trading inventories, available-for-sale securities and derivative instruments.
we regularly enter into underwriting commitments and, as a result, we may be subject to market risk on any unsold shares issued in the offerings to which we are committed. risk exposure is controlled by limiting our participation, the transaction size or through the syndication process.
the market risk management department is responsible for measuring, monitoring, and reporting market risks associated with the firm's trading and derivative portfolios. while market risk management maintains ongoing communication with the revenue-generating business units, it is independent of such units.
interest rate risk trading activities we are exposed to interest rate risk as a result of our trading inventory (primarily comprised of fixed income instruments) in our capital markets segment. changes in value of our trading inventory may result from fluctuations in interest rates, credit spreads, equity prices, macroeconomic factors, investor expectations or risk appetites, liquidity, as well as dynamic relationships among these factors. we actively manage interest rate risk arising from our fixed income trading securities through the use of hedging strategies utilizing u.s. treasury securities, futures contracts, liquid spread products and derivatives.
our primary method for controlling risks within trading inventories is through the use of dollar-based and exposure-based limits. a hierarchy of limits exists at multiple levels, including firm, business unit, desk (e.g., for equities, corporate bonds, municipal bonds), product sub-type (e.g., below-investment-grade positions) and, at times, at the individual position. for derivative positions, which are primarily comprised of interest rate swaps, we have established limits based on a number of factors, including interest rate, foreign exchange spot and forward rates, spread, ratio, basis, and volatility risk. derivative exposures are also monitored both for the total portfolio and by maturity periods. trading positions and derivatives are monitored against these limits through daily reports that are distributed to senior management. during volatile markets, we may temporarily reduce limits and/or choose to pare our trading inventories to reduce risk.
we monitor value-at-risk ("var") for all of our trading portfolios on a daily basis for risk management purposes and as a result of applying the fed's market risk rule ("mrr") for the purpose of calculating our capital ratios. the mrr, also known as the "risk-based capital guidelines: market risk" rule released by the fed, the occ and the fdic, requires us to calculate var for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income, equity, derivatives, and foreign exchange instruments. var is an appropriate statistical technique for estimating potential losses in trading portfolios due to typical adverse market movements over a specified time horizon with a suitable confidence level.  however, there are inherent limitations of utilizing var including: historical movements in markets may not accurately predict future market movements; var does not take into account the liquidity of individual positions; var does not estimate losses over longer time horizons; and extended periods of one-directional markets potentially distort risks within the portfolio. in addition, should markets become more volatile, actual trading losses may exceed var results presented on a single day and might accumulate over a longer time horizon. as a result, management complements var with sensitivity analysis and stress testing and employs additional controls such as a daily raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis review of trading results, review of aged inventory, independent review of pricing, monitoring of concentrations and review of issuer ratings.
to calculate var, we use models which incorporate historical simulation. this approach assumes that historical changes in market conditions, such as in interest rates and equity prices, are representative of future changes. simulation is based on daily market data for the previous twelve months. var is reported at a 99% confidence level for a one-day time horizon. assuming that future market conditions change as they have in the past twelve months, we would expect to incur losses greater than those predicted by our one-day var estimates about once every 100 trading days, or about three times per year on average. for regulatory capital calculation purposes, we also report var and stressed var numbers for a ten-day time horizon. the var model is independently reviewed by our model risk management function. see the "model risk" section that follows for further information.
the modeling of the risk characteristics of trading positions involves a number of assumptions and approximations that management believes to be reasonable. however, there is no uniform industry methodology for estimating var, and different assumptions or approximations could produce materially different var estimates. as a result, var results are more reliable when used as indicators of risk levels and trends within a firm than as a basis for inferring differences in risk-taking across firms.
the following table sets forth the high, low, period-end and average daily one-day var for all of our trading portfolios, including fixed income and equity instruments, and for our derivatives for the periods and dates indicated.
year ended september 30, 2021                         period-end var                                                                                            for the year ended september 30,
average daily var was higher during fiscal 2021 compared to the prior year due to the impact of scenarios of elevated volatility as a result of the covid-19 pandemic (which commenced in march 2020) on our var model during the first half of the year. however, during our fiscal third quarter of 2021, the remaining covid-19 pandemic-related scenarios fell outside of the var model's 12-month historical simulation period, resulting in period-end var decreasing to $1 million as of september 30, 2021 from $8 million as of september 30, 2020.
the fed's mrr requires us to perform daily back-testing procedures for our var model, whereby we compare each day's projected var to its regulatory-defined daily trading losses, which exclude fees, commissions, reserves, net interest income and intraday trading. regulatory-defined daily trading losses are used to evaluate the performance of our var model and are not comparable to our actual daily net revenues. based on these daily "ex ante" versus "ex post" comparisons, we determine whether the number of times that regulatory-defined daily trading losses exceed var is consistent with our expectations at a 99% confidence level. during the year ended september 30, 2021, our regulatory-defined daily losses in our trading portfolios did not exceed our predicted var.
separately, rjf provides additional market risk disclosures to comply with the mrr, including 10-day var and 10-day stressed var, which are available on our website at https://www.raymondjames.com/investor-relations/financial-information/filings-and-reports within "other reports and information."
banking operations raymond james bank maintains an interest-earning asset portfolio that is comprised of cash, c&i loans, commercial and residential real estate loans, reit loans, tax-exempt loans and sbl and other loans, as well as agency-backed mbs and agency-backed cmos (held in the available-for-sale securities portfolio), and sba loan securitizations.  these interest-earning assets are primarily funded by client deposits.  based on its current asset portfolio, raymond james bank is subject to interest rate risk.  raymond james bank analyzes interest rate risk based on forecasted net interest income, which is the net amount of interest received and interest paid, and the net portfolio valuation, both across a range of interest rate scenarios.
one of the objectives of raymond james bank's asset and liability committee is to manage the sensitivity of net interest income to changes in market interest rates. this committee uses several measures to monitor and limit raymond james bank's interest rate risk, including scenario analysis and economic value of equity.
to ensure that raymond james bank remains within its tolerances established for net interest income, a sensitivity analysis of net interest income to interest rate conditions is estimated under a variety of scenarios. we use simulation models and
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis estimation techniques to assess the sensitivity of net interest income to movements in interest rates. the model estimates the sensitivity by calculating interest income and interest expense in a dynamic balance sheet environment using current repricing, prepayment, and reinvestment of cash flow assumptions over a 12-month time horizon. assumptions used in the model include interest rate movement, the slope of the yield curve, and balance sheet composition and growth. the model also considers interest rate-related risks such as pricing spreads, pricing of client cash accounts, and prepayments. various interest rate scenarios are modeled in order to determine the effect those scenarios may have on net interest income.
the following table is an analysis of raymond james bank's estimated net interest income over a 12-month period based on instantaneous shifts in interest rates (expressed in basis points) using our asset/liability model, which assumes that interest rates do not decline below zero. while not presented, additional rate scenarios are performed, including interest rate ramps and yield curve shifts that may more realistically mimic the speed of potential interest rate movements. we also perform simulations on time horizons of up to five years to assess longer-term impacts to various interest rate scenarios. on a quarterly basis, we test expected model results to actual performance. additionally, any changes made to key assumptions in the model are documented and approved by raymond james bank's asset and liability committee.
instantaneous changes in rate            net interest income($ in millions)        projected change in net interest income
refer to "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - net interest analysis" of this form 10-k for a discussion of the impact changes in short-term interest rates could have on the firm's operations. in addition, we utilize a hedging strategy using interest rate swaps as a result of raymond james bank's asset and liability management process.  for further information regarding this hedging strategy, see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k.
the following table shows the contractual maturities of our bank loan portfolio at september 30, 2021, including contractual principal repayments.  this table does not include any estimates of prepayments, which could shorten the average loan lives and cause the actual timing of the loan repayments to differ significantly from those shown in the table.
reit loans                                                168                                924                                20                        1,112
total loans held for investment                         7,219                              7,328                            10,622                       25,169
held for sale loans                                         -                                 14                               131           145
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table shows the distribution of the recorded investment of those bank loans that mature in more than one year between fixed and adjustable interest rate loans at september 30, 2021.
reit loans                                              -                         944                           944
total loans held for investment                     1,912                      16,038                        17,950
held for sale loans                                     1
contractual loan terms for c&i, cre, reit and residential mortgage loans may include an interest rate floor, cap and/or fixed interest rates for a certain period of time, which would impact the timing of the interest rate reset for the respective loan. see the discussion within the "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - risk management - credit risk - risk monitoring process" section of this form 10-k for additional information regarding raymond james bank's interest-only residential mortgage loan portfolio.
in our available-for-sale securities portfolio, we hold primarily fixed-rate agency-backed mbs and agency-backed cmos which are carried at fair value on our consolidated statements of financial condition, with changes in the fair value of the portfolio recorded through oci on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. at september 30, 2021, our available-for-sale securities portfolio had a fair value of $8.32 billion with a weighted-average yield of 1.14% and a weighted-average life of approximately four years. see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
equity price risk we are exposed to equity price risk as a result of our capital markets activities. our broker-dealer activities are generally client-driven, and we carry equity securities as part of our trading inventory to facilitate such activities, although the amounts are not as significant as our fixed income trading inventory.  we attempt to reduce the risk of loss inherent in our inventory of equity securities by monitoring those security positions each day and establishing position limits. equity securities held in our trading inventory are generally included in var.
in addition, we have a private equity portfolio, included in "other investments" on our consolidated statements of financial condition, which is comprised of various direct investments, as well as investments in third-party private equity funds and various legacy private equity funds which we sponsor. of the total private equity investments at september 30, 2021 of $169 million, the portion we owned was $120 million. see note 4 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on this portfolio.
foreign exchange risk we are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our investments in foreign subsidiaries, as well as transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar. for example, our bank loan portfolio includes loans which are denominated in canadian dollars, totaling $1.29 billion and $1.05 billion at september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively, when converted to the u.s. dollar. a majority of such loans are held by raymond james bank's canadian subsidiary, which is discussed in the following sections.
investments in foreign subsidiaries raymond james bank has an investment in a canadian subsidiary, resulting in foreign exchange risk. to mitigate its foreign exchange risk, raymond james bank utilizes short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. these derivatives are primarily accounted for as net investment hedges in the consolidated financial statements. see notes 2 and 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information regarding these derivatives.
we had foreign exchange risk in our investment in rj ltd. of cad 346 million at september 30, 2021, which was not hedged. foreign exchange gains/losses related to this investment are primarily reflected in oci on our consolidated statements of raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis income and comprehensive income. see note 20 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information regarding our components of oci.
we also have foreign exchange risk associated with our investments in subsidiaries located in europe. these investments are not hedged and we do not believe we had material foreign exchange risk either individually, or in the aggregate, pertaining to these subsidiaries as of september 30, 2021. as previously noted, on july 29, 2021 we announced our intention to make an offer for the entire issued and to be issued share capital of u.k.-based charles stanley at a price of 5.15 per share, or approximately 279 million. prior to closing, we will use u.s. dollars to purchase the required british pounds sterling ("gbp") to be used at closing. upon closing, this transaction will increase our foreign exchange exposure associated with investments in subsidiaries located in europe.
transactions and resulting balances denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar we are subject to foreign exchange risk due to our holdings of cash and certain other assets and liabilities resulting from transactions denominated in a currency other than the u.s. dollar. any currency-related gains/losses arising from these foreign currency denominated balances are reflected in "other" revenues in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. the foreign exchange risk associated with a portion of such transactions and balances denominated in foreign currency are mitigated utilizing short-term, forward foreign exchange contracts. such derivatives are not designated hedges and therefore, the related gains/losses are included in "other" revenues in our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for information regarding our derivatives.
credit risk credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower's, issuer's or counterparty's ability to meet its financial obligations under contractual or agreed-upon terms. the nature and amount of credit risk depends on the type of transaction, the structure and duration of that transaction, and the parties involved. credit risk is an integral component of the profit assessment of lending and other financing activities.
the initial decline in economic activity as a result of the covid-19 pandemic caused increased credit risk particularly with regard to companies in sectors that were most significantly impacted by the economic disruption. the speed and magnitude in which various sectors have recovered since the onset of the pandemic has been continually evolving. given the stresses on certain of our clients' liquidity, we enhanced our credit monitoring activities, with an increased focus on monitoring our credit exposures and counterparty credit risk. in addition, since the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, raymond james bank has enacted risk mitigation strategies including, but not limited to, the sale of loans in those sectors with a high likelihood of adverse impact arising from the pandemic. although economic conditions have generally improved, we have maintained our increased focus on monitoring our credit exposures and counterparty credit risk.
brokerage activities we are engaged in various trading and brokerage activities in which our counterparties primarily include broker-dealers, banks and other financial institutions. we are exposed to risk that these counterparties may not fulfill their obligations.  in addition, certain commitments, including underwritings, may create exposure to individual issuers and businesses. the risk of default depends on the creditworthiness of the counterparty and/or the issuer of the instrument. in addition, we may be subject to concentration risk if we hold large positions in or have large commitments to a single counterparty, borrower, or group of similar counterparties or borrowers (e.g., in the same industry). we seek to mitigate these risks by imposing and monitoring individual and aggregate position limits within each business segment for each counterparty, conducting regular credit reviews of financial counterparties, reviewing security and loan concentrations, holding and calculating the fair value of collateral on certain transactions and conducting business through clearing organizations, which may guarantee performance. see notes 2, 6 and 7 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about our credit risk mitigation related to derivatives and collateralized agreements.
our client activities involve the execution, settlement, and financing of various transactions on behalf of our clients. client activities are transacted on either a cash or margin basis. credit exposure results from client margin loans, which are monitored daily and are collateralized by the securities in the clients' accounts. we monitor exposure to industry sectors and individual securities and perform analysis on a daily basis in connection with our margin lending activities. we adjust our margin requirements if we believe our risk exposure is not appropriate based on market conditions. in addition, when clients execute a raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis purchase, we are at some risk that the client will default on their financial obligation associated with the trade. if this occurs, we may have to liquidate the position at a loss.
we offer loans to financial advisors for recruiting and retention purposes. we have credit risk and may incur a loss primarily in the event that such borrower is no longer affiliated with us. see notes 2 and 9 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information about our loans to financial advisors.
banking activities raymond james bank has a substantial loan portfolio.  while our bank loan portfolio is diversified, a significant downturn in the overall economy, such as that experienced in our fiscal year 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, deterioration in real estate values or a significant issue within any sector or sectors where we have a concentration will generally result in large provisions for credit losses and/or charge-offs. conversely, should the economy recover at a faster pace than initially forecasted, or the negative impact of the significant downturn event be less than originally projected, we may experience a benefit for credit losses and/or recovery of amounts previously charged off, the timing and magnitude of which can be uncertain. we determine the allowance required for specific loan grades based on relative risk characteristics of the loan portfolio. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate our methods for determining the allowance for each class of loans and make enhancements we consider appropriate.
our strategy for credit risk management related to bank loans includes well-defined credit policies, uniform underwriting criteria, and ongoing risk monitoring and review processes for all corporate, tax-exempt, residential, sbl and other credit exposures. the strategy also includes diversification on a geographic, industry and client level, regular credit examinations and management reviews of all corporate and tax-exempt loans as well as individual delinquent residential loans. the credit risk management process also includes an annual independent review of the credit risk monitoring process that performs assessments of compliance with credit policies, risk ratings, and other critical credit information. we seek to identify potential problem loans early, record any necessary risk rating changes and charge-offs promptly, and maintain appropriate reserve levels for expected losses. we utilize a comprehensive credit risk rating system to measure the credit quality of individual corporate and tax-exempt loans and related unfunded lending commitments, including the probability of default and/or loss given default of each corporate and tax-exempt loan and commitment outstanding. for our sbl and residential mortgage loans, we utilize the credit risk rating system used by bank regulators in measuring the credit quality of each homogeneous class of loans.
our allowance for credit losses methodology is described in note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k. as our bank loan portfolio is segregated into six portfolio segments, likewise, the allowance for credit losses is segregated by these same segments.  the risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows.
c&i: loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by all assets of the business.  repayment is expected from the cash flows of the respective business.  unfavorable economic and political conditions, including the resultant decrease in consumer or business spending, may have an adverse effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
cre: loans in this segment are primarily secured by income-producing properties.  for owner-occupied properties, the cash flows are derived from the operations of the business, and the underlying cash flows may be adversely affected by the deterioration in the financial condition of the operating business.  the underlying cash flows generated by non-owner-occupied properties may be adversely affected by increased vacancy and rental rates, which are monitored on a quarterly basis.  this portfolio segment includes cre construction loans which also look at other risks such as project budget overruns and performance variables related to the contractor and subcontractors. with respect to commercial construction of residential developments, there is also the risk that the builder has a geographical concentration of developments. adverse information arising from any of these factors may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
reit: loans in this segment are made to businesses that own or finance income-producing real estate across various property sectors. this portfolio segment may include extensions of credit to companies that engage in real estate development. repayment of these loans is dependent on income generated from real estate properties or the sale of real estate. a portion of this segment may consist of loans secured by residential product types (single-family residential, including condominiums and land held for residential development) within a range of markets. deterioration in the financial condition of the operating business, reductions in the value of real estate, as well as increased vacancy and rental rates may all adversely affect the loans in this segment.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis tax-exempt: loans in this segment are made to governmental and nonprofit entities and are generally secured by a pledge of revenue and, in some cases, by a security interest in or a mortgage on the asset being financed. for loans to governmental entities, repayment is expected from a pledge of certain revenues or taxes. for nonprofit entities, repayment is expected from revenues which may include fundraising proceeds. these loans are subject to demographic risk, therefore much of the credit assessment of tax-exempt loans is driven by the entity's revenue base and the general economic environment. adverse developments in either of these areas may have a negative effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
residential mortgage (includes home equity loans/lines): all of our residential mortgage loans adhere to stringent underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of borrower, loan-to-value ("ltv"), and combined ltv (including second mortgage/home equity loans).  we do not originate or purchase adjustable rate mortgage ("arm") loans with negative amortization, reverse mortgages, or loans to subprime borrowers.  loans with deeply discounted teaser rates are also not originated or purchased.  all loans in this segment are collateralized by residential real estate and repayment is primarily dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower.  a decline in the strength of the economy, particularly unemployment rates and housing prices, among other factors, could have a significant effect on the credit quality of loans in this segment.
sbl and other: loans in this segment are collateralized generally by the borrower's marketable securities at advance rates consistent with industry standards. these loans are monitored daily for adherence to ltv guidelines and when a loan exceeds the required ltv, a collateral call is issued. past due loans are minimal as any past due amounts result in a notice to the client for payment or the potential sale of the collateral which will bring the loan to a current status.
in evaluating credit risk, we consider trends in loan performance, the level of allowance coverage relative to similar banking institutions, industry or client concentrations, the loan portfolio composition and macroeconomic factors (both current and forecasted). these factors have a potentially negative impact on loan performance and net charge-offs.
our allowance for credit losses as of september 30, 2021 was determined under the cecl model due to our october 1, 2020 adoption of the standard. see notes 2 and 8 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for further information. our allowance for credit losses, as well as our methodologies and assumptions used in estimating the allowance, are regularly evaluated to determine if our methods and estimates continue to be appropriate for each class of loans, with adjustments made on a quarterly basis. several factors were taken into consideration in evaluating the allowance for credit losses at september 30, 2021, including loan and borrower characteristics, such as internal risk ratings, delinquency status, collateral type and the remaining term of the loan adjusted for expected prepayments. in addition, the estimate of credit losses considered the relatively small amount of net charge-offs during the period, the level of nonperforming loans, and the impact of the covid-19 pandemic. we also considered the uncertainty related to certain industry sectors, including commercial real estate, and the extent of credit exposure to specific borrowers within the portfolio. finally, we considered current economic conditions that might impact the portfolio. we continue to assess the impact of both the covid-19 pandemic and the economic recovery therefrom, as new information becomes available regarding the financial repercussions to our borrowers, the risk ratings for individual loans will be updated and the allowance will be adjusted accordingly.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the following table presents our changes in the allowance for credit losses related to our bank loan portfolio.
allowance for credit losses beginning of year                                                $354                   $218                   $203                   $190                   $197
impact of cecl adoption                                                                         9                      -                      -                      -                      -
provision/(benefit) for credit losses                                                        (32)                    233                     22                     20                     13
reit loans                                                                                      -                    (2)                      -                      -                      -
foreign exchange translation adjustment                                                                                1                    (1)                      1                      1
allowance for credit losses end of year (1)                                                  $320                   $354                   $218                   $203                   $190
allowance for credit losses as a % of total bank loans held for investment                   1.27   %               1.65   %               1.04   %               1.04   %               1.11   %
(1) the allowance for credit losses at september 30, 2021 was computed under the cecl methodology, while the prior years were computed under the incurred loss methodology.
see further explanation of the current year benefit for credit losses in "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - results of operations - raymond james bank" of this form 10-k.
the level of charge-off activity is a factor that is considered in evaluating the potential severity of future credit losses. the following tables present net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries and the percentage of net loan (charge-offs)/recoveries to the average outstanding loan balances by loan portfolio segment.
reit loans                                                            -                                    -     %                                      (2)                                 0.15     %                                        -                                    -     %
(1)    charge-offs related to loan sales amounted to $4 million, $87 million, $2 million, $9 million and $26 million for the years ended september 30, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis the level of nonperforming loans is another indicator of potential future credit losses. the following tables present the nonperforming loans balance and total allowance for credit losses for the periods presented.
$ in millions                                                            nonperforming loan balance                  allowance for credit losses balance (1)                nonperforming loan balance                  allowance for credit losses balance (1)                nonperforming loan balance                  allowance for credit losses balance (1)
reit loans                                                                             -                                                  22                                              -                                                  36                                              -                                                  15
total nonperforming loans held for investment (2)                                    $74                                                $320                                            $30                                                $354                                            $43                                                $218
total nonperforming loans as a % of total bank loans                                0.29          %                                                                                    0.14          %                                                                                    0.21          %
(1) the allowance for credit losses at september 30, 2021 was computed under the cecl methodology, while the prior years were computed under the incurred loss methodology.
(2) total nonperforming loans held for investment at september 30, 2021 included $61 million of nonperforming loans which were current pursuant to their contractual terms, including a $39 million c&i loan.
$ in millions                                                            nonperforming loan balance                  allowance for credit losses balance (1)                nonperforming loan balance                  allowance for credit losses balance (1)
reit loans                                                                             -                                                  17                                              -                                                  15
total nonperforming loans held for investment                                        $25                                                $203                                            $39                                                $190
total nonperforming loans as a % of total bank loans                                0.12          %                                                                                    0.23          %
(1) the allowance for credit losses at september 30, 2021 was computed under the cecl methodology, while the prior years were computed under the incurred loss methodology.
the nonperforming loan balances in the preceding table exclude $8 million, $10 million, $12 million, $12 million and $14 million as of september 30, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, and 2017, respectively, of residential tdrs which were returned to accrual status in accordance with our policy.
the following table presents total nonperforming assets, including the nonperforming loans in the preceding table and other real estate acquired in the settlement of residential mortgages, as a percentage of raymond james bank's total assets.
total nonperforming assets (1)                                                           $74                  $32                  $46                  $28                  $44
total nonperforming assets as a % of raymond james bank's total assets                  0.20   %             0.10   %             0.18   %             0.12   %             0.21   %
(1) total nonperforming assets at september 30, 2021 included $61 million of nonperforming loans which were current pursuant to their contractual terms, including a $39 million c&i loan.
although our nonperforming assets as a percentage of raymond james bank's assets remained low as of september 30, 2021, prolonged market deterioration could result in an increase in our nonperforming assets, an increase in our allowance for credit losses and/or an increase in net charge-offs in future periods, although the extent will depend on future developments that are highly uncertain.
see note 8 in the notes to the consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for loan categories as a percentage of total bank loans.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis we have received requests from certain borrowers for forbearance, which is generally a short-term deferral of their loan payments or modification of certain covenant terms driven or exacerbated by the economic impacts of the covid-19 pandemic. based on the amortized costs, approximately $13 million and $3 million of our corporate and residential loans, respectively, were in active forbearance as of september 30, 2021. as certain borrowers exit forbearance, we have received requests for loan modifications, including repayment plans. in accordance with the cares act and the consolidated appropriations act, 2021, we are not applying tdr classification to any covid-19 related loan modifications performed from march 1, 2020 through december 31, 2021, to borrowers who were current as of december 31, 2019. as of september 30, 2021, we had residential loans of $10 million for which the borrower had requested a loan modification, where the request had been initiated but not completed or approved. as the delinquency status is not affected for loans that are in active forbearance or for loan modifications that have not yet been approved, the recognition of charge-offs, delinquencies, and nonaccrual status could be delayed for those borrowers who would have otherwise moved into past due or nonaccrual status. forbearance and modification requests have continued to decline and the majority of the borrowers that have exited forbearance but have not requested loan modifications, have become current on their principal and interest payments.
loan underwriting policies a component of raymond james bank's credit risk management strategy is conservative, well-defined policies and procedures. raymond james bank's underwriting policies for the major types of loans are described in the following sections.
residential mortgage and sbl and other loan portfolios our residential mortgage loan portfolio consists of first mortgage loans originated by us via referrals from our pcg financial advisors and the general public, as well as first mortgage loans purchased by us. all of our residential mortgage loans adhere to strict underwriting parameters pertaining to credit score and credit history, debt-to-income ratio of the borrower, ltv and combined ltv (including second mortgage/home equity loans). as of september 30, 2021, 96% of the residential mortgage loan portfolio consisted of owner-occupant borrowers (75% for their primary residences and 21% for second home residences). approximately 37% of the first lien residential mortgage loans were arm loans, which receive interest-only payments based on a fixed rate for an initial period of the loan and then become fully amortizing, subject to annual and lifetime interest rate caps. a significant portion of our originated 15 or 30-year fixed-rate mortgage loans are sold in the secondary market.
our sbl and other portfolio is primarily comprised of loans fully collateralized by client's marketable securities and represented 24% of our total loan portfolio as of september 30, 2021. the underwriting policy for the sbl and other portfolio primarily includes a review of collateral, including ltv, and a review of repayment history.
while we have chosen not to participate in any government-sponsored loan modification programs, our loan modification policy takes into consideration some of the programs' parameters and supports every effort to assist borrowers within the guidelines of safety and soundness. in general, we consider the qualification terms outlined in the government-sponsored programs as well as the affordability test and other factors. we retain flexibility to determine the appropriate modification structure and required documentation to support the borrower's current financial situation before approving a modification. short sales are also used by us to mitigate credit losses.
corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios our corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios were comprised of approximately 500 borrowers, the majority of which are underwritten, managed and reviewed at our corporate headquarters location, which facilitates close monitoring of the portfolio by credit risk personnel, relationship officers and senior bank executives. our corporate loan portfolio is diversified among a number of industries in both the u.s. and canada and is comprised of project finance real estate loans, commercial lines of credit and term loans, the majority of which are participations in shared national credit ("snc") or other large syndicated loans, and tax-exempt loans. we are sometimes involved in the syndication of the loan at inception and some of these loans have been purchased in secondary trading markets. the remainder of the corporate loan portfolio is comprised of smaller participations and direct loans. there are no subordinated loans or mezzanine financings in the corporate loan portfolio. our tax-exempt loans are long-term loans to governmental and nonprofit entities. these loans generally have lower overall credit risk, but are subject to other risks that are not usually present with corporate clients, including the risk associated with the constituency served by a local government and the risk in ensuring an obligation has appropriate tax treatment.
regardless of the source, all corporate and tax-exempt loans are independently underwritten to our credit policies and are subject to approval by a loan committee, and credit quality is monitored on an ongoing basis by our lending staff. our credit policies include criteria related to ltv limits based upon property type, single borrower loan limits, loan term and structure parameters (including guidance on leverage, debt service coverage ratios and debt repayment ability), industry concentration raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis limits, secondary sources of repayment, municipality demographics, and other criteria. a large portion of our corporate loans are to borrowers in industries in which we have expertise through coverage provided by our capital markets research analysts. approximately half of our corporate borrowers are public companies. our corporate loans are generally secured by all assets of the borrower, in some instances are secured by mortgages on specific real estate, and with respect to tax-exempt loans, are generally secured by a pledge of revenue. in a limited number of transactions, loans in the portfolio are extended on an unsecured basis. in addition, corporate and tax-exempt loans are subject to regulatory review.
risk monitoring process another component of credit risk strategy for our bank loan portfolio is the ongoing risk monitoring and review processes, including our internal loan review process, for all residential, sbl, corporate and tax-exempt credit exposures, as well as our rigorous processes to manage and limit credit losses arising from loan delinquencies.  there are various other factors included in these processes, depending on the loan portfolio.
residential mortgage and sbl and other loan portfolios the collateral securing our sbl and other portfolio is monitored on a recurring basis, with marketable collateral monitored on a daily basis. collateral adjustments, as triggered by our monitoring procedures, are made by the borrower as necessary to ensure our loans are adequately secured, resulting in minimizing our credit risk. collateral calls have been minimal relative to our sbl and other portfolio with no losses incurred to date.
we track and review many factors to monitor credit risk in our residential mortgage loan portfolio. the factors include, but are not limited to: loan performance trends, loan product parameters and qualification requirements, borrower credit scores, level of documentation, loan purpose, geographic concentrations, average loan size, risk rating and ltv ratios.  see note 8 in the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information.
the following table presents a summary of delinquent residential mortgage loans, the vast majority of which are first mortgage loans, which are comprised of loans which are two or more payments past due as well as loans in the process of foreclosure. amounts in the following table do not include residential loans to borrowers who were granted forbearance as a result of the covid-19 pandemic and whose loans were not considered delinquent prior to the forbearance. such loans may be considered delinquent after the forbearance period or completion of loss mitigation efforts, depending on their payment status. as a result, the amount of residential loans considered delinquent may increase significantly in the future.
our september 30, 2021 percentage compares favorably to the national average for over 30 day delinquencies of 2.67%, as most recently reported by the fed.
to manage and limit credit losses, we maintain a rigorous process to manage our loan delinquencies. with all residential first mortgages serviced by a third party, the primary collection effort resides with the servicer. our personnel direct and actively monitor the servicers' efforts through extensive communications regarding individual loan status changes and requirements of timely and appropriate collection or property management actions and reporting, including management of third parties used in the collection process (e.g., appraisers, attorneys, etc.). additionally, every residential mortgage loan over 60 days past due is reviewed by our personnel monthly and documented in a written report detailing delinquency information, balances, collection status, appraised value, and other data points. our senior management meets quarterly to discuss the status, collection strategy and charge-off recommendations on every residential mortgage loan over 60 days past due. updated collateral valuations are obtained for loans over 90 days past due and charge-offs are taken on individual loans based on these valuations.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis credit risk is also managed by diversifying the residential mortgage portfolio. most of the loans in our residential loan portfolio are to pcg clients across the u.s. the following table details the geographic concentrations (top five states) of our one-to-four family residential mortgage loans.
loans where borrowers may be subject to payment increases include arm loans with terms that initially require payment of interest only.  payments may increase significantly when the interest-only period ends and the loan principal begins to amortize. at september 30, 2021 and 2020, these loans totaled $1.97 billion and $1.67 billion, respectively, or approximately 37% and 34% of the residential mortgage portfolio, respectively.  the weighted-average number of years before the remainder of the loans, which were still in their interest-only period at september 30, 2021, begins amortizing is 6 years.
corporate and tax-exempt loans credit risk in our corporate and tax-exempt loan portfolios is monitored on an individual loan basis for trends in borrower operating performance, payment history, credit ratings, collateral performance, loan covenant compliance, semi-annual snc exam results, municipality demographics and other factors including industry performance and concentrations. as part of the credit review process, the loan grade is reviewed at least quarterly to confirm the appropriate risk rating for each credit. the individual loan ratings resulting from the snc exams are incorporated in our internal loan ratings when the ratings are received. if the snc rating is lower on an individual loan than our internal rating, the loan is downgraded. while we consider historical snc exam results in our loan ratings methodology, differences between the snc exam and internal ratings on individual loans typically arise due to subjectivity of the loan classification process. downgrades resulting from these differences may result in additional provisions for credit losses in periods when snc exam results are received. the majority of our tax-exempt loan portfolio is comprised of loans to investment-grade borrowers. see note 2 of the notes to consolidated financial statements of this form 10-k for additional information on our allowance for credit losses policies.
credit risk is managed by diversifying the corporate bank loan portfolio. our corporate bank loan portfolio does not contain a significant concentration in any single industry. the following table details the industry concentrations (top five categories) of our corporate bank loans.
consumer products and services                                                                 6.8%                                                              3.4%
business systems and services                                                                  6.7%                                                              3.3%
the covid-19 pandemic negatively impacted our corporate loan portfolio in fiscal 2020. although economic conditions have improved and we reduced our exposure and revised our credit limits related to sectors that we believe to be most vulnerable to the covid-19 pandemic, such as the energy, airlines, entertainment and leisure, restaurant and gaming sectors, we may experience further losses on our remaining loans to borrowers in these sectors, particularly if economic conditions do not continue to improve in the future. in addition, we continue to monitor our exposure to office real estate, where trends have changed rapidly and possibly permanently as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, and may experience additional losses on loans in this sector in the future. we may also experience further losses on corporate loans in other industries as a direct or indirect result of the pandemic, including on our cre loans secured by retail and hospitality properties.
liquidity risk see "item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources" of this form 10-k for information regarding our liquidity and how we manage liquidity risk.
raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis operational risk operational risk generally refers to the risk of loss resulting from our operations, including, but not limited to, business disruptions, improper or unauthorized execution and processing of transactions, deficiencies in our technology or financial operating systems and inadequacies or breaches in our control processes including cybersecurity incidents (see "item 1a - risk factors" of this form 10-k for a discussion of certain cybersecurity risks). these risks are less direct than credit and market risk, but managing them is critical, particularly in a rapidly changing environment with increasing transaction volumes and complexity. we operate different businesses in diverse markets and are reliant on the ability of our employees and systems to process a large number of transactions. in the event of a breakdown or improper operation of systems or improper action by employees, we could suffer financial loss, regulatory sanctions and damage to our reputation. in order to mitigate and control operational risk, we have developed and continue to enhance specific policies and procedures that are designed to identify and manage operational risk at appropriate levels throughout the organization and within such departments as finance, operations, information technology, legal, compliance, risk management and internal audit. these control mechanisms attempt to ensure that operational policies and procedures are being followed and that our various businesses are operating within established corporate policies and limits. in addition, we have created business continuity plans for critical systems, and redundancies are built into the systems as deemed appropriate.
we have an operational risk management committee comprised of members of senior management, which reviews and addresses operational risks across our businesses. the committee establishes risk appetite levels for major operational risks, monitors operating unit performance for adherence to defined risk tolerances, and establishes policies for risk management at the enterprise level.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, we activated and successfully executed on our business continuity protocols and continue to monitor the covid-19 pandemic under such protocols. we have endeavored to protect the health and well-being of our associates and our clients while ensuring the continuity of business operations for our clients. as a result, a substantial portion of our associates continue to work remotely. the firm continues to monitor conditions and has developed and is implementing a phased approach to reopening our offices which complies with all applicable laws, regulations, and cdc guidelines. as of september 30, 2021, we had reopened most of our offices in a limited capacity and have been operating under strict public health and safety protocols in such locations. we are planning for a full return to office in the second quarter of our fiscal 2022, which will include more work location flexibility for our associates; however, disruptions caused by variants may impact the timing of the implementation of these plans. periods of severe market volatility, such as those that arose most notably in fiscal 2020 in response to the onset of the covid-19 pandemic, can result in a significantly higher level of transactions on specific days and other activity which may present operational challenges from time to time that may result in losses. these losses can result from, but are not limited to, trade errors, failed transaction settlements, late collateral calls to borrowers and counterparties, or interruptions to our system processing. we did not incur any significant losses related to such operational challenges during the year ended september 30, 2021.
as more fully described in the discussion of our business technology risks included in various risk factors presented in "item 1a - risk factors" of this form 10-k, despite our implementation of protective measures and endeavoring to modify them as circumstances warrant, our computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to human error, natural disasters, power loss, cyber-attacks and other information security breaches, and other events that could have an impact on the security and stability of our operations.
model risk model risk refers to the possibility of unintended business outcomes arising from the design, implementation or use of models. models are used throughout the firm for a variety of purposes such as the valuation of financial instruments, the calculation of our allowance for credit losses, assessing risk, stress testing, and to assist in making certain business decisions. model risk includes the potential risk that management makes incorrect decisions based upon either incorrect model results or incorrect understanding and use of model results. model risk may also occur when model outputs differ from the expected result. model errors or misuse could result in significant financial loss, inaccurate financial or regulatory reporting, misaligned business strategies or damage to our reputation.
model risk management ("mrm") is a separate department within our risk management department and is independent of model owners, users, and developers. our model risk management framework consists primarily of model governance, maintaining the firmwide model inventory, validating and approving models used across the firm, and ongoing monitoring. results of validations and issues identified are reported to the enterprise risk management committee and the audit and risk raymond james financial, inc. and subsidiaries management's discussion and analysis committee of the board of directors. mrm assumes responsibility for the independent and effective challenge of model completeness, integrity and design based on intended use.
compliance risk compliance risk is the risk of legal or regulatory sanctions, financial loss, or reputational damage that the firm may suffer from a failure to comply with applicable laws, external standards, or internal requirements.
we have established a framework to oversee, manage, and mitigate compliance risk throughout the firm, both within and across businesses, functions, legal entities, and jurisdictions. the framework includes roles and responsibilities for the board of directors, senior management, and all three lines of risk management. this framework also includes programs and processes through which the firm identifies, assesses, controls, measures, monitors, and reports on compliance risk and provides compliance-related training throughout the firm. the compliance department plays a key leadership role in the oversight, management, and mitigation of compliance risk throughout the firm. it does this by conducting an annual compliance risk assessment, carrying out compliance monitoring and testing activities, implementing compliance policies, training associates on compliance-related topics, and reporting compliance risk-related issues and metrics to the board of directors and senior management, among other activities.