item 1a. risk factors in addition to information discussed elsewhere in this report, you should carefully consider the following factors, as well as additional factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial, which could materially affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations in present and/or future periods.
operational risks supply of quality water, agricultural, and other raw materials, certain raw and packaging materials purchased under supply contracts; inflation; limited group of glass bottle suppliers; supply chain disruptions the quality and quantity of water available for use is important to the supply of our agricultural raw materials and our ability to operate our business. water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and if climate patterns change and droughts become more severe, there may be a scarcity of water or poor water quality which may affect our production costs or impose capacity constraints. we are dependent on sufficient amounts of quality water for operation of our breweries, wineries, and distilleries, as well as to irrigate our vineyards and conduct our other operations. the suppliers of the agricultural raw materials we purchase are also dependent upon sufficient supplies of quality water for their vineyards and fields. if water available to our or our suppliers' operations becomes scarce or the quality of that water deteriorates, we may incur increased production costs or face manufacturing constraints. in addition, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain operation of our production facilities and vineyards. a substantial reduction in water supplies could result in material losses of grape crops and vines or other crops, such as corn, barley, or hops, which could lead to a shortage of our product supply.
we have substantial brewery operations in mexico, brewery operations in texas, virginia, and florida, and substantial wine operations in california, new zealand, and italy. california has endured and continues to experience prolonged drought conditions which have resulted in the imposition of certain restrictions on water usage, and if these conditions or restrictions persist and/or increase in severity, it could have an adverse effect upon those operations. our nava brewery is sourced from a single water supply. although we anticipate our operations will have adequate sources of quality water to support their ongoing requirements, there is no guarantee that the sources of water, methods of water delivery, water quality, or water requirements will not change materially in the future. we may incur additional expenses for improving water delivery, quality, and efficiency as well as for securing additional water sources.
our breweries, the glass plant, our wineries, and our distilleries use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials to produce their products. these include corn starch and sugars, malt, hops, fruits, yeast, and water for our breweries; soda ash and silica sand for the glass plant; grapes and water for our wineries; and grain and water for our distilleries. our breweries, wineries, and distilleries all use large amounts of various packaging materials, including glass, aluminum, cardboard, and other paper products. our production facilities also use electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel in their operations. certain raw materials and packaging materials are purchased under contracts of varying maturities. the supply, on-time availability, and price of raw materials, packaging materials, and energy can be affected by many factors beyond our control, including market demand, global geopolitical events and military conflicts, such as repercussions from the recent conflict in ukraine (including on certain commodities, such as aluminum, corn, crude oil, natural gas, and steel), droughts, storms, and other weather conditions or natural or man-made events, economic factors affecting growth decisions, plant diseases, and theft. inflationary pressures, including for material costs, energy, commodities, supply chain logistics, and labor, may continue to negatively impact us, and we may be unable to pass along rising costs to consumers through increased selling prices.
our breweries, wineries, and distilleries are also dependent upon an adequate supply of glass bottles, and we have experienced glass bottle purchasing shortages, particularly for brown glass used for certain of our mexican beer brands. glass bottle costs are one of our largest components of cost of product sold. the glass plant produces a majority of the total annual glass bottle supply for our mexican beer brands, and we currently have a small number of other suppliers of glass bottles for our mexican beer brands. in the u.s., glass bottles have only a small number of producers. currently, one producer supplies a majority of our glass container requirements for constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 17
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents our u.s. wine and spirits operations while a different producer supplies the glass bottles for our craft beer operations.
supply chain disruptions, such as lack of availability and increased costs of ocean freight shipping containers and delays at sea and/or land ports, could continue to impact our distribution and production capabilities. to the extent any of the foregoing factors increases the costs of our finished products or leads to a shortage of our product supply or inventory levels, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
reliance upon complex information systems and third-party global networks; cyber-attacks; not realizing benefits of our new global erp we depend on information technology to enable us to operate efficiently and interface with customers and suppliers, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, and effect accurate and timely governmental reporting. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, loss of customers, business disruptions, loss of or damage to intellectual property through security breach, or penalties associated with the failure to timely file governmental reports. we recognize that many groups on a worldwide basis have experienced increases in security breaches, cyber-attacks, and other hacking activities such as denial of service, malware, and ransomware, and there is the possibility of retaliatory cyber-attacks, including by state-sponsored organizations, stemming from geopolitical and economic responses to russia's invasion of ukraine. as with all large information technology systems, our systems could be penetrated by increasingly sophisticated outside parties intent on extracting confidential or proprietary information, corrupting our information, disrupting our business processes, engaging in the unauthorized use of strategic information about us or our employees, customers, or consumers, or demanding monetary payment. such unauthorized access could disrupt our operations and could result in various costs and adverse consequences, including the loss of assets or revenues, litigation, regulatory actions, remediation costs, increased cyber-security protection costs, damage to our reputation, harm to our employees, or the failure by us to retain or attract customers following such an event.
we have outsourced various functions to third-party service providers and may outsource other functions in the future. we rely on such third-parties to provide services on a timely and effective basis, but we do not ultimately control their performance. in addition, our distributors, wholesalers, suppliers, joint venture partners, and other external business partners utilize their own information technology systems that are subject to similar risks to us as described above. their failure to perform as expected or as required by contract, or a cyber-attack on them that disrupts their systems, could result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations or, in the case of third-party service providers, a penetration of our systems.
in fiscal 2022, we completed the implementation of a new global erp across our business units using a phased approach. we designed the erp to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance operational functionality, and provide timely information to our management team related to the operation of the business. we plan to make enhancements to the erp and associated processes and tools, which will continue to require the investment of personnel and financial resources. if our erp does not operate as intended or the anticipated benefits from this implementation are not fully realized, we may experience delays, increased costs, and other difficulties that may interfere with being able to operate our business and the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be adversely affected.
to the extent any of the foregoing factors result in significant disruptions and costs to our operations or reduce the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
economic and other uncertainties associated with our international operations our products are produced and sold in numerous countries, we have employees in various countries, and we have production facilities currently in the u.s., mexico, new zealand, and italy.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 18
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents governmental bodies may propose changes to international trade agreements, treaties, tariffs, taxes, and other government rules and regulations including but not limited to environmental treaties and regulations. the recent military conflict in ukraine and escalating geopolitical tensions resulting from such conflict have resulted and may continue to result in sanctions, tariffs, and import-export restrictions which, when combined with any retaliatory actions that may be taken by russia, could cause further inflationary pressures and economic and supply chain disruptions (including impacts on prices and supply of certain commodities, such as aluminum, corn, crude oil, natural gas, and steel). significant increases in import and excise duties or other taxes on, or that impact, beverage alcohol products as well as any tariffs, particularly on imports from mexico and any retaliatory tariffs imposed by the mexican government, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
in addition, governmental agencies extensively regulate the beverage alcohol products industry concerning such matters as licensing, warehousing, trade and pricing practices, permitted and required labeling, advertising and relations with wholesalers and retailers. certain regulations also require warning labels and signage. we may be subject to new or revised regulations or increased licensing fees, requirements, or taxes. additionally, various jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products because of what our products contain or allegations that our products cause adverse health effects. if these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our major products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of such products.
these uncertainties and changes, as well as the decisions, policies, and economic strength of our suppliers and distributors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
dependence on limited facilities for production of our mexican beer brands, and expansion, optimization, and construction issues we are dependent on our nava and obregon breweries as our sole sources of supply to fulfill our mexican beer brands product requirements, both now as well as for the near-term.
expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities continue at our nava and obregon breweries, and we are exploring construction of the southeast mexico brewery. we have suspended mexicali brewery construction activities following a negative result from a public consultation held in mexico. we continue to work with mexican government officials to (i) determine next steps for our suspended mexicali brewery construction project, (ii) pursue various forms of recovery for capitalized costs and additional expenses incurred in establishing the mexicali brewery, and (iii) explore options to add further capacity elsewhere in mexico, including the construction of the southeast mexico brewery, to meet our long-term needs. these are multi-billion-dollar activities, with risks of completion delays, cost overruns, and further asset impairments. there is also no assurance of any recovery with respect to the suspended mexicali brewery.
expansion and optimization of current production facilities and construction of new production facilities are subject to various regulatory and developmental risks, including but not limited to: (i) our ability to obtain timely certificate authorizations, necessary approvals and permits from regulatory agencies at all or on terms that are acceptable to us; (ii) potential changes in federal, state, and local laws and regulations, including environmental requirements, that prevent a project from proceeding or increase the anticipated cost of the project; (iii) inability to acquire rights-of-way or land or water rights on a timely basis on terms that are acceptable to us; (iv) inability to acquire the necessary energy supplies, including electricity, natural gas, and diesel fuel; or (v) a halt or delay in expansion, optimization, or construction activities due to covid-19. any of these events could delay the expansion, optimization, or construction of our production facilities.
we may not be able to satisfy our product supply requirements for the mexican beer brands in the event of (i) a significant disruption or the partial or total destruction of the nava or obregon breweries or the glass plant, (ii) difficulty shipping raw materials and product into or out of the u.s., or (iii) a temporary inability to produce our product due to closure or lower production levels of one or more of our mexican breweries, including as a result of covid-19. also, if the contemplated expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities at the constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 19
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents nava and obregon breweries and construction of additional brewery capacity in mexico are abandoned or not otherwise completed by their targeted completion dates, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of our mexican beer to satisfy our needs. under such circumstances, we may be unable to obtain our mexican beer at a reasonable price from another source, if at all. a significant disruption at our nava or obregon breweries, or the glass plant, even on a short-term basis, could impair our ability to produce and ship products to market on a timely basis. alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not readily be available, may cost substantially more, or may take a significant time to start production, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our product supply, business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
operational disruptions or catastrophic loss to breweries, wineries, other production facilities, or distribution systems all of our mexican beer brands product supply is currently produced at our nava and obregon breweries. many of the workers at these breweries are covered by collective bargaining agreements. the glass plant has five operational glass furnaces which produce a majority of the total annual glass bottle supply for our mexican beer brands. several of our vineyards and production and distribution facilities, including certain california and oregon wineries, are in areas prone to seismic activity. additionally, we have various vineyards and wineries in california and oregon which have recently experienced wildfires and/or landslides.
if any of these or other of our properties and production facilities were to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss, it could delay or disrupt production, shipments, and revenue, and result in potentially significant expenses to repair or replace these properties or find suitable alternative providers. also, our production facilities are asset intensive. as our operations are concentrated in a limited number of production and distribution facilities, we are more likely to experience a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss in any one location from acts of war or terrorism, fires, floods, earthquakes, severe winter storms or frosts, hurricanes, pandemics, labor strikes or other labor activities, cyber-attacks and other attempts to penetrate our or our third-party service providers' information technology systems or the information technology used by our non-production employees who work remotely during the covid-19 pandemic, unavailability of raw or packaging materials, or other natural or man-made events. geopolitical and economic responses to russia's invasion of ukraine could impact global energy prices and supply, particularly for crude oil and natural gas, as well as result in retaliatory cyber-attacks. if a significant operational disruption or catastrophic loss were to occur, we could breach agreements, our reputation could be harmed, and our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations could be adversely affected by, among other items, higher maintenance charges, unexpected capital spending, or product supply constraints.
our insurance policies do not cover certain types of catastrophes and may not cover certain events such as pandemics. economic conditions and uncertainties in global markets may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain property damage and business interruption insurance. if our insurance coverage is adversely affected, or to the extent we have elected to self-insure, we may be at greater risk that we may experience an adverse impact to our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
covid-19 or other pandemics, outbreaks of communicable infections or diseases, or other public health concerns in the markets in which our consumers or employees live and/or in which we or our distributors, retailers, and suppliers operate disease outbreaks, including the covid-19 pandemic, and other public health conditions have resulted and could continue to result in disruptions and damage to our business caused by potential negative consumer purchasing behavior as well as disruption to our supply chains, production processes, and operations. consumer purchasing behavior may be impacted by reduced consumption by consumers who may not be able to leave home or otherwise shop in a normal manner as a result of governmental containment actions, quarantines, or other cancellations of public events and other opportunities to purchase our products, from bar, restaurant, and venue closures or capacity restrictions, or from a reduction in consumer discretionary income due to reduced or limited work and layoffs. supply disruption may result from restrictions on the ability of employees and others in the supply chain to travel and work, such as caused by quarantine or individual illness, or which may result from border closures imposed by governments to deter the spread of communicable infection or disease, or determinations by us or our suppliers or distributors to temporarily suspend operations in affected areas, or other actions which restrict the ability to distribute our products or which may otherwise negatively impact our ability to constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 20
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents produce, package, and ship our products, for our distributors to distribute our products, or for our suppliers to provide us our raw materials. ports or channels of entry may be closed or operate at only a portion of capacity, or transportation of product within a region or country may be limited, if workers are unable to report to work due to travel restrictions or personal illness. our operations and the operations of our suppliers may become less efficient or otherwise become negatively impacted if our executive leaders or other personnel critical to our operations are unable to work or if a significant percentage of the workforce is unable to work or is required to work remotely. a prolonged quarantine or border closure could result in temporary or longer-term disruptions of sales patterns, consumption and trade patterns, supply chains, production processes, and operations. a widespread health crisis, such as the covid-19 pandemic, could negatively affect the economies and financial markets of many countries resulting in a global economic downturn which could negatively impact demand for our products and our ability to borrow money. any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
climate change; environmental regulatory compliance and emissions and stewardship targets our business depends upon agricultural activity and natural resources. there has been much public discussion related to concerns that carbon dioxide and other ghgs in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. severe weather events and natural disasters, such as our experiences with drought, flooding, and/or wildfires in california, oregon, or washington, an unexpected severe winter storm in texas or mexico, or a late frost in new zealand, and climate change may negatively affect agricultural productivity in the regions from which we presently source our various agricultural raw materials or the energy supply powering our production facilities. decreased availability of our raw materials may increase our cost of product sold. severe weather events and natural disasters or changes in the frequency or intensity of weather events or natural disasters can also impact product quality and disrupt our supply chains, which may affect production operations, insurance cost and coverage, as well as delivery of our products to wholesalers, retailers, and consumers. natural disasters such as severe storms, floods, and earthquakes may also negatively impact the ability of consumers to purchase our products.
we may experience significant future increases in the costs associated with environmental regulatory compliance, including fees, licenses, and the cost of capital improvements for our operating facilities to meet environmental regulatory requirements. in addition, we may be party to various environmental remediation obligations arising in the normal course of our business or relating to historical activities of businesses we acquire. due to regulatory complexities, governmental or contractual requirements, uncertainties inherent in litigation, and the risk of unidentified contaminants in our current and former properties, the potential exists for remediation, liability, indemnification, and other costs to differ materially from the costs that we have estimated. we may incur costs associated with environmental compliance arising from events we cannot control, such as unusually severe floods, hurricanes, earthquakes, or fires. we have also disclosed targets related to restoration of water withdrawals and scope 1 and scope 2 ghg emissions, the achievement of which will require us to make investments and allocate resources. we cannot assure that we have allotted sufficient resources to attain, or that we ultimately will achieve, these targets or that our costs in relation to any of the foregoing matters will not exceed our projections, which could have a material adverse effect upon our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
reliance on wholesale distributors, major retailers, and government agencies local market structures and distribution channels vary worldwide. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products with generally separate distribution networks utilized for our beer portfolio and our wine and spirits portfolio. in the u.s., we sell our products principally to wholesalers for resale to retail outlets and directly to government agencies. we have an exclusive arrangement with one wholesaler that generates a large portion of our branded u.s. wine and spirits net sales, and we have one wholesaler for our beer portfolio which, through multiple entities, represents roughly one-fifth of our consolidated net sales. wholesalers and retailers of our products offer products which compete directly with our products for retail shelf space, promotional support and consumer purchases, and wholesalers or retailers may give higher priority to products of our competitors. the replacement or poor performance of our major wholesalers, retailers, or government agencies could result in temporary or longer-term sales disruptions or could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 21
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents contamination and degradation of product quality from diseases, pests, and weather and climate conditions contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action, or other events that harm the integrity or consumer support for our brands, could adversely affect sales. various diseases, pests, fungi, viruses, drought, frosts, and certain other weather conditions or the effects of climate conditions, such as smoke taint from wildfires, could affect the quality and quantity of barley, hops, grapes, and other agricultural raw materials available, decreasing the supply and quality of our products. similarly, power disruptions due to weather conditions could adversely impact our production processes and the quality of our products. we cannot guarantee that we and/or our suppliers of agricultural raw materials will succeed in preventing contamination in existing and/or future vineyards or fields. future government restrictions regarding the use of certain materials used in growing grapes or other agricultural raw materials may increase vineyard costs and/or reduce production of grapes or other crops. it is also possible that a supplier may not provide materials or product components which meet our required standards or may falsify documentation associated with the fulfillment of those requirements.
product contamination or tampering or the failure to maintain our standards for product quality, safety, and integrity, including with respect to raw materials, naturally occurring compounds, packaging materials, or product components obtained from suppliers, may also reduce demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. contaminants or other defects in raw materials, packaging materials, or product components purchased from third parties and used in the production of our beer, wine, or spirits products, or defects in the fermentation or distillation process could lead to low beverage quality as well as illness among, or injury to, consumers of our products and may result in reduced sales of the affected brand or all our brands.
if any of our products become unsafe or unfit for consumption, are misbranded, or cause injury, we may have to engage in a product recall and/or be subject to liability and incur additional costs. a widespread product recall, multiple product recalls, or a significant product liability judgment could cause our products to be unavailable for a period, which could reduce consumer demand and brand equity and result in reputational harm.
marijuana is currently illegal under u.s. federal law and in other jurisdictions; we do not control canopy's business or operations the ability of canopy to achieve its business objectives is contingent, in part, upon the legality of the cannabis industry, canopy's compliance with regulatory requirements enacted by various governmental authorities, and canopy obtaining all regulatory approvals, where necessary, for the production and sale of its products. the laws and regulations governing medicinal and recreational cannabis are still developing, including in ways that we may not foresee. canopy's success will depend on, among other things, the ability of canopy to operate successfully in the cannabis market space and the presence of sufficient retail outlets. there are also concerns about health issues associated with certain types of form factors for cannabis products, such as those used in inhalables. these issues may result in a less robust consumer demand for certain form factors. there is no assurance a robust cannabis consumer market will develop consistent with our expectations or that consumers will purchase any canopy products. although the agriculture improvement act of 2018 has taken hemp and hemp derived cannabinoids out of the most restrictive class of controlled substances, marijuana is a schedule-1 controlled substance in the u.s. and is currently illegal under u.s. federal law. even in those u.s. states in which the recreational use of marijuana has been legalized, its use remains a violation of u.s. federal law. since u.s. federal laws criminalizing the use of marijuana preempt state laws that legalize its use, continuation of u.s. federal law in its current state regarding marijuana would likely limit the expansion of canopy's business into the u.s. similar issues of illegality apply in other countries. any amendment to or replacement of existing laws to make them more onerous, or delays in amending or replacing existing laws to liberalize the legal possession and use of cannabis, or delays in obtaining, or the failure to obtain, any necessary regulatory approvals may significantly delay or negatively impact canopy's markets, products, and sales initiatives and could have a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. were that to occur, we may not be able to recover the value of our investment in canopy.
we have the right to nominate four members of the canopy board of directors. while we do not control canopy's business or operations, we do rely on canopy's internal controls and procedures for operation of that business. nevertheless, our financing arrangements require us to certify, among other things, that to our knowledge (i) canopy is properly licensed and operating in accordance with canadian laws in all material respects;
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 22
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents
(ii) canopy does not knowingly or intentionally purchase, manufacture, distribute, import, and/or sell marijuana, or any other controlled substance in or from the u.s. or any other jurisdiction, in each case, where such purchase, manufacture, distribution, importation, or sale of marijuana or such other controlled substance is illegal, except in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local, or foreign laws, rules, and regulations; and (iii) canopy does not knowingly or intentionally partner with, invest in, or distribute marijuana or any other controlled substance to any third-party that knowingly or intentionally purchases, sells, manufactures, or distributes marijuana or any other controlled substance in the u.s. or any other jurisdiction, in each case, where such purchase, sale, manufacture, or distribution of marijuana or such other controlled substance is illegal, except in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local, or foreign laws, rules, and regulations. were we to know that canopy was knowingly or intentionally violating any of these applicable laws, we would be unable to make the required certification under our financing arrangements, which could lead to a default under those financing arrangements.
strategic risks potential decline in the consumption of products we sell; dependence on sales of our mexican beer brands our business depends upon consumers' consumption of our beer, wine, and spirits brands, and sales of our mexican beer brands in the u.s. are a significant portion of our business. consumer preferences may shift due to a variety of factors, including changes in taste preferences and leisure, dining, and beverage consumption patterns, demographic or social trends, perceived value, and public health policies put into effect to mitigate the spread of covid-19. further, a limited or general decline in consumption in one or more of our product categories could occur in the future due to a variety of factors, including:
•a general decline in economic or geopolitical conditions;
•the increased activity of anti-alcohol groups or other bodies advocating measures designed to reduce the consumption of beverage alcohol products, such as the who;
•increased federal, state, provincial, and foreign excise, or other taxes on beverage alcohol products and possible restrictions on beverage alcohol advertising and marketing;
•inflation, including the impact of reduced discretionary income of consumers available to purchase our products and increased commodities costs; and
if these or any other factors cause a decline in the growth rate, amount, or profitability of our sales of the mexican beer brands in the u.s. or any material shift in consumer preferences and taste in our major markets away from our beer, wine, and spirits brands, and our mexican beer brands in particular, or from the categories in which they compete, it could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
acquisition, divestiture, investment, and npd strategies from time to time, we acquire businesses, assets, or securities of companies that we believe will provide a strategic fit with our business. we integrate acquired businesses with our existing operations; our overall internal control over financial reporting processes; and our financial, operations, and information systems. if the financial performance of our business, as supplemented by the assets and businesses acquired, does not meet our expectations, it may make it more difficult for us to service our debt obligations and our results of operations may fail to meet market expectations. we may not effectively assimilate the business or product offerings of acquired companies into our business or within the anticipated costs or timeframes, retain key customers and suppliers or key employees of acquired businesses, or successfully implement our business plan for the combined business. in addition, our final determinations and appraisals of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in our acquisitions may vary materially from earlier estimates and we may fail to fully realize anticipated cost savings, growth opportunities, or other potential synergies. we cannot assure that the fair value of acquired businesses or investments will remain constant.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 23
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents we may also divest ourselves of businesses, assets, or securities of companies, including those that we believe no longer provide a strategic fit with our business. we may provide various indemnifications in connection with divestitures of businesses or assets. the amount of contingent consideration, if any, received in divestitures, including in the wine and spirits divestitures, may vary based on various factors including actual future brand performance. divestitures of portions of our business may also result in costs stranded in our remaining business. delays in developing or implementing plans to address such costs could delay or prevent the accomplishment of our financial objectives.
we have also acquired or retained ownership interests in companies which we do not control, such as our joint venture to operate the glass plant, our interest in canopy, and investments made through our corporate venture capital function, and we have acquired control of companies which we do not wholly own, such as our 75% interest in nelson's green brier. our joint venture partners or the other parties that hold the remaining ownership interests in companies which we do not control may at any time have economic, business, or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or the goals of the joint ventures or those companies. our joint venture arrangements and the arrangements through which we acquired or hold our other equity or membership interests may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs, to make capital investments, to fulfill alone our joint venture partners' obligations, or to purchase other parties' interests. the entities in which we have an interest may be subject to litigation which may have an adverse impact on their ability to do business or under which they may incur costs and expenses which could have a material adverse impact on their operations or financial condition which, in turn, could negatively impact the value of our investment.
we previously increased our investment in canopy through exercise of our warrants in canopy and we may further increase our investment in the future. while we will not develop, distribute, manufacture, or sell cannabis products in the u.s., or anywhere else in the world, unless legally permissible to do so at all governmental levels in the particular jurisdiction, this investment could affect consumer perception of our existing brands and our reputation with various constituencies.
in addition, our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to develop new products. the launch and ongoing success of new products are inherently uncertain, especially with respect to consumer appeal. a new product launch can give rise to a variety of costs. an unsuccessful launch, among other things, can affect consumer perception of existing brands and our reputation. unsuccessful implementation or short-lived popularity of our product innovations has resulted and may in the future result in inventory write-offs and other costs.
we cannot assure that we will realize the expected benefits of acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or new products. we have recognized impairment losses and/or write-offs in connection with acquired and divested businesses and investments, and we may do so again in the future. we also cannot assure that our acquisitions, investments, or joint ventures will be profitable or that forecasts regarding acquisition, divestiture, or investment activities will be accurate or that the internal control over financial reporting of entities which we must consolidate as a result of our investment activities but do not control or wholly own will be as robust as our internal control over financial reporting. our failure to adequately manage the risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, investments, or new products, or the failure of an entity in which we have an equity or membership interest, could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
our canopy investment is dependent upon an emerging market and legal sales of cannabis products the legal cannabis market is an emerging market. the legislative framework pertaining to the canadian cannabis market, as well as cannabis markets in other countries, is uncertain. the success of the canopy transactions will depend on, among other things, the ability of canopy to create a strong platform to operate successfully in the cannabis market space, consumer demand for its products, and the presence of sufficient retail outlets. there is no assurance a robust cannabis consumer market will develop consistent with our expectations or that consumers will purchase any canopy products.
the changing legal landscape and the lack of consumer market data makes it difficult to predict the pace at which the cannabis market may grow, if at all, and the products that consumers will purchase in the cannabis marketplace. for example, the canadian cannabis act prohibits testimonials, lifestyle branding and packaging that is appealing to youth. the restrictions on advertising, marketing, and the use of logos and brand names could have constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 24
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, and our investment in canopy. additionally, canopy must rely on its own market research and internal data to forecast sales as detailed forecasts may not be fully available at this early stage in the cannabis industry in canada and globally. market research relating to the adult-use recreational legal cannabis industry is in its early stages and, as such, trends can only be forecasted.
a failure in the demand for canopy's products to materialize as a result of competition, consumer desire, competition from legal and illegal market entrants or other products, or other factors could have a material adverse effect on canopy's business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. the changing legal landscape and the lack of consumer market data makes it difficult to predict the pace at which the cannabis market may grow, if at all, and the products that consumers will purchase in the cannabis marketplace.
dependence upon trademarks and proprietary rights, failure to protect our intellectual property rights our future success depends significantly on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. we have been granted numerous trademark registrations and use certain trademarks under license covering our brands and products, and we have filed, and expect to continue to file or have filed on our behalf, trademark applications seeking to protect newly developed brands and products. we cannot be sure that trademark registrations will be issued with respect to any of such trademark applications. we could also, by omission, fail to timely renew or protect a trademark and our competitors could challenge, invalidate, or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to, or licensed by, us. several of our subsidiaries are defendants in a lawsuit originally filed in u.s. district court for the southern district of new york in february 2021 and amended in december 2021, which alleges, among other things, that our sublicense of the trademarks for our mexican beer brands should not permit us to use the corona brand name on our corona hard seltzer or the modelo brand name on our modelo ranch water. while we believe this lawsuit is without merit, if we are not successful, we may not be able to market our hard seltzer product in its current formulation under the corona brand name or our ranch water product in its current formulation under the modelo brand name which may have an adverse effect on our business and financial condition. we may be subject to other litigation related to our trademarks and intellectual property rights. a substantial adverse judgment or other unfavorable resolution of these matters or our failure to otherwise protect our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
financial risks indebtedness we have incurred indebtedness to finance investments and acquisitions, fund beer operations expansion, optimization, and construction activities, pay cash dividends, and repurchase shares of our common stock. in the future, we may continue to incur additional indebtedness for any or all of these activities as well as to fund other general corporate purposes. we cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meet all our debt service requirements; return value to stockholders such as through payment of dividends or repurchase of shares of our common stock; and fund our general corporate and capital requirements.
•our ability to obtain financing for future working capital needs or investments/acquisitions or other purposes may be limited;
•our funds available for operations, expansions, and construction, dividends, or other distributions, or share repurchases may be reduced because we dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness;
•our ability to conduct our business could be limited by restrictive covenants; and
•our vulnerability to adverse economic conditions may be greater than less leveraged competitors and, thus, our ability to withstand competitive pressures may be limited.
additionally, any failure to meet required payments on our debt, or failure to comply with any covenants in the instruments governing our debt, could result in an event of default under the terms of those instruments and a downgrade to our credit ratings. a downgrade in our credit ratings would increase our borrowing costs and constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 25
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents could affect our ability to issue commercial paper. certain of our debt facilities also contain change of control provisions which, if triggered, may result in an acceleration of our obligation to repay the debt. in addition, certain of our current and future debt and derivative financial instruments have, or in the future, could have interest rates that are tied to reference rates, such as sofr. the volatility and availability of such reference rates, including establishment of alternative reference rates, is out of our control. changes to or the unavailability of such rates or the manner for calculation of such reference rates, could result in increases to the cost of our debt.
if we do not comply with the obligations contained in our senior credit facility, our existing or future indentures, or other loan agreements, we could be in default under such debt facilities or agreements. in such an event, the holders of our debt could elect to declare as due and payable all amounts outstanding under those instruments. a default could also require the immediate repayment of outstanding obligations under other debt facilities or agreements that contain cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions. if that occurred, we might not have available funds to satisfy our repayment obligations.
securities measured at fair value the value of the warrants and convertible debt we hold in canopy through our subsidiaries is subject to the volatility of the market price of canopy's common stock. this volatility subjects our financial statements to volatility. the market price of canopy's common stock has experienced significant volatility, and that volatility may continue in the future and may also be subject to wide fluctuations in response to many factors beyond the control of canopy, or of us. these factors include, but are not limited to:
•actual or anticipated fluctuations in canopy's reported results of operations or financial position, including due to a significant impairment of goodwill, intangible assets, or other long-lived assets;
•recommendations and reports by securities and industry analysts;
•impact of covid-19 on canopy's operations, revenues, and ability to access financial markets as well as, on the cannabis industry generally;
•significant acquisitions, investments, and/or equity issuances by canopy;
•changes in the performance or market valuations of companies in canopy's industry;
•announcement of developments and material events by canopy or its competitors;
•fluctuations in the costs of vital production materials and services;
•addition or departure of canopy executive officers or other key personnel;
•speculative trading activity by certain investors;
•news reports relating to trends, concerns, technological, or competitive developments, regulatory changes and other related issues in canopy's industry or target markets;
•legal and regulatory changes affecting the cannabis industry generally and canopy's business and operations; and
•administrative obligations associated with health canada requirements and compliance with all associated rules and regulations including, but not limited to, the canadian cannabis act.
we currently account for our investment in canopy under the equity method. there may be a future impairment of our canopy equity method investment if canopy's stock price remains below our carrying value of that investment and does not recover in the near-term or if our expectations about canopy's prospective results and cash flows decline, which could be influenced by a variety of factors including those listed above. we recognize our equity in canopy's earnings on a two-month lag primarily because of the availability of canopy's financial results since canopy's fiscal year ends annually march 31 while our fiscal year ends annually on the last day of february.
canopy's corporate governance and valuation canopy's business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations that may from time to time increase both canopy's compliance costs and the risk of its non-compliance. these include changing rules and regulations promulgated by a number of governmental and self-regulated organizations, including, but not limited to, the canadian securities administrators, the tsx, the international accounting standards board, the sec, and nasdaq. these rules continue to evolve in scope and complexity creating new requirements for canopy. canopy is required to comply with applicable nasdaq listing standards and sox requirements. in the future, canopy's internal controls may not be adequate, or canopy may not be able to constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 26
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents maintain adequate and effective internal controls over financial reporting as required by sox, or on an ongoing basis if standards are modified, supplemented, or amended from time to time. if not maintained, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of its financial statements, which could harm canopy's business and have a negative impact on the trading price or market value of canopy securities.
in addition, we record as equity in earnings our proportional share of canopy's results of operations. we could have a material weakness in the event the proportional share of canopy's results of operations that we record contains an error as a result of an error in canopy's financial statements that we do not detect.
although we do not control canopy, we do have significant influence over canopy. if we controlled canopy, we would have to consolidate canopy into our financial statements, and if canopy had a material weakness, we would inherit canopy's material weakness through consolidation. in such an event, even if canopy's financial statements were correct, the fact that canopy had a material weakness could result in a material weakness for us.
class action or other litigation relating to abuse of our products, the misuse of our products, product liability, or marketing or sales practices, including product labeling there has been public attention directed at the beverage alcohol industry, which we believe is due to concern over problems related to harmful use of alcohol, including drinking and driving, underage drinking, and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. we could be exposed to lawsuits relating to product liability or marketing or sales practices, including product labeling. adverse developments in lawsuits concerning these types of matters or a significant decline in the social acceptability of beverage alcohol products that may result from lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
other risks control by the sands family; proposal from the sands family to declassify our common stock our class b stock is principally held by members of the sands family, either directly or through entities controlled by members of the sands family. holders of class a stock are entitled to one vote per share and holders of class b stock are entitled to 10 votes per share. holders of class 1 stock generally do not have voting rights. the stock ownership of the sands family and entities controlled by members of the sands family represents a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our common stock as of the date of this form 10-k, voting as a single class. consequently, the sands family currently has the power to elect a majority of our directors and approve actions requiring the approval of the stockholders of the company voting as a single class.
on april 2, 2022, we received the proposal which proposes that each share of class b stock would be converted into 1.35 shares of class a stock. it is expected that the sands family and entities controlled by members of the sands family will continue to be our largest stockholder if a transaction were consummated on the terms proposed. our board of directors has established a special committee to evaluate the proposal. any definitive agreement with the sands family and entities controlled by members of the sands family with respect to the potential transaction must be approved by the special committee as well as our board of directors. pursuant to the terms of the proposal, any potential transaction would also require the approval of holders of a majority of the shares of class a stock that do not also hold shares of class b stock. we cannot assure you that a definitive agreement will be entered into, including because the special committee or the board of directors does not approve any such transaction, or what the ultimate terms of any such agreement may be. in addition, even if an agreement is approved by the special committee and the board of directors, a transaction still may not be completed if such transaction is not approved by the holders of a majority of the shares of class a stock that do not also hold shares of class b stock.
the sands family and entities controlled by members of the sands family have pledged shares of class a stock and class b stock to secure various credit facilities. in the event of noncompliance with certain covenants under the credit facilities, the financial institutions to which such stock is pledged have certain remedies, including the right to sell the pledged shares (which would require the conversion of class b stock into class a stock prior to any sales) subject to certain protections afforded to the borrowers and pledgors. the sale by such financial institutions of a substantial amount of the pledged shares could depress, or result in volatility in, the trading price constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 27
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents of our class a stock and/or result in the sands family and entities controlled by members of the sands family ceasing to own shares representing a majority of the combined voting power of all classes of our common stock voting as a single class. in addition, if significant stock indices decide to prohibit the inclusion of companies with dual class structures, the price of our class a stock could be negatively impacted and could become more volatile.
choice-of-forum provision contained in by-laws regarding certain stockholder litigation our by-laws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (i) the court of chancery of delaware (or if such court lacks subject matter jurisdiction, the federal district court of delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the company; any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our current or former directors, officers, or stockholders to the company or our stockholders; any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the dgcl, our certificate of incorporation, or our by-laws or as to which the dgcl confers jurisdiction on the court of chancery of delaware; or any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, and (ii) the federal district courts of the u.s. will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the securities act.
to the fullest extent permitted by law, this choice-of-forum provision will apply to state and federal law claims, including claims under the federal securities laws (including the securities act and the exchange act), although our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. this choice-of-forum provision may increase costs for a stockholder pursuing any such claim, discourage claims or limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholder finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, other stockholders, or other employees which may discourage such lawsuits even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. in addition, the courts located in delaware may reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders. if a court were to find this choice-of-forum provision inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions which could adversely affect our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations. any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of our by-laws described above.
general risks international operations, worldwide and regional economic trends and financial market conditions, geopolitical uncertainty, interest rate fluctuations, or other governmental rules and regulations risks associated with international operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, include:
•changes in local political, economic, social, and labor conditions;
•potential disruption from wars and military conflicts, including russia's invasion of ukraine, terrorism, kidnapping, and drug-related or other types of violence;
•restrictions on foreign ownership and investments or on repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the u.s.;
•import and export requirements and border accessibility;
•currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment in some countries, which, among other things, can create uncertainty regarding contract enforcement, intellectual property rights, privacy obligations, real property rights, and liability issues; and
•inadequate levels of compliance with applicable domestic and foreign anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the foreign corrupt practices act.
unfavorable global or regional economic conditions, including economic slowdown or recession and the disruption, volatility, and tightening of credit and capital markets, as well as unemployment, tax increases, governmental spending cuts, or continuing high levels of inflation, could affect consumer spending patterns and constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 28
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents purchases of our products. these could also create or exacerbate credit issues, cash flow issues, and other financial hardships for us and our suppliers, distributors, retailers, and consumers. the inability of suppliers, distributors, and retailers to access liquidity could impact our ability to produce and distribute our products.
we are also exposed to risks associated with interest rate fluctuations. we could experience changes in our ability to manage fluctuations in interest rates and, accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in reducing those risks.
we could also be affected by nationalization of our international operations, unstable governments, unfamiliar or biased legal systems, intergovernmental disputes or animus against the u.s. any determination that our operations or activities did not comply with applicable u.s. or foreign laws or regulations could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, interruptions of business, terminations of necessary licenses and permits, and other legal and equitable sanctions.
damage to our reputation the success of our brands depends upon the positive image that consumers have of those brands and maintaining a good reputation is critical to selling our branded products. our reputation could also be impacted negatively by public perception, adverse publicity (whether or not valid, such as the similarity of the name of certain of our brands or trademarks and a type of virus), negative comments in social media, or our responses relating to:
•a perceived failure to maintain high ethical standards and responsible operating practices to achieve business goals for all our operations and activities, including those related to our esg and dei strategies, initiatives, and targets as well as associated reporting regulations, standards, frameworks, and ratings;
•a perceived failure to address concerns relating to the quality, safety, or integrity of our products, including from contamination, whether arising accidentally or through deliberate third-party action;
•allegations that we, or persons currently or formerly associated with us, have violated applicable laws or regulations, including but not limited to those related to safety, employment, discrimination, harassment, whistle-blowing, privacy, corporate citizenship, improper business practices, or cyber-security;
•our environmental impact, including use of agricultural materials, packaging, water and energy use, and waste management; or
•efforts that are perceived as insufficient to promote the responsible use of alcohol or cannabis.
failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, maintain an effective system of internal controls, provide accurate and timely financial statement information, or protect our information systems against service interruptions, misappropriation of data, or breaches of security, could also hurt our reputation. damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation, competitive position, and brand equity and renew investor confidence.
competition we operate in a highly competitive industry, and our sales and profitability could be negatively affected by numerous factors including:
•our inability to maintain or increase prices;
•new entrants in our market or categories;
•the decision of wholesalers, retailers, or consumers to purchase competitors' products instead of ours;
•a general decline in beverage alcohol consumption due to consumer dietary preference changes or consumers substituting legalized marijuana or other similar products in lieu of beverage alcohol; or
•pricing, purchasing, financing, operational, advertising, or promotional decisions made by wholesalers, state and other local agencies, and retailers which could affect their supply of, or consumer demand for, our products.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 29
part i         item 1a. risk factors         table of contents our continued success also depends on our ability to attract and retain a high-quality and diverse workforce in a competitive environment for talent. we could also experience higher than expected selling, general, and administrative expenses if we find it necessary to increase the number of our personnel or our advertising or marketing expenditures to maintain our competitive position, due to employee turnover including as a result of the ongoing "great resignation" occurring in the u.s. economy, or for other reasons. we cannot guarantee that we will be able to increase our prices to pass along to our customers any increased costs we incur.
intangible assets, such as goodwill and trademarks we have a significant amount of intangible assets such as goodwill and trademarks and may acquire more intangible assets in the future. intangible assets are subject to a periodic impairment evaluation under applicable accounting standards. the write-down of any of these intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
changes to tax laws, fluctuations in our effective tax rate, accounting for tax positions, the resolution of tax disputes, and changes to accounting standards, elections, assertions, or policies changes to federal, state, provincial, local, or foreign tax laws, could result in increased taxes on our products, business, customers, or consumers. various proposals to increase taxes on beverage alcohol products have been made at the federal and state levels or at other governmental bodies in recent years. federal, state, provincial, local, or foreign governmental entities may consider increasing taxes upon beverage alcohol products as they explore available alternatives for raising funds, including to offset budget or other deficits.
in addition, significant judgment is required to determine our effective tax rate and evaluate our tax positions. our provision for income taxes includes a provision for uncertain tax positions. fluctuations in federal, state, local, and foreign taxes, or a change to uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, may impact our effective tax rate and our financial results. when tax matters arise, several years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase our effective tax rate and resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
u.s. tax changes or changes in how international corporations are taxed, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, or changes to accounting standards, elections, or assertions as well as our accounting policies could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations.
cash dividends and share repurchases are subject to a number of uncertainties, and may affect the price of our common stock our capital allocation strategy contemplates quarterly cash dividends and periodic share repurchases under our share repurchase program. we fund our cash dividends and share repurchases through a combination of cash flow from operations, borrowings, and divestiture proceeds. however, we are not required to declare dividends or to make any share repurchases under our share repurchase program. we may discontinue, limit, suspend, increase, or delay our dividends and share repurchases at any time without prior notice. even if not discontinued, the amount of such dividends and repurchases may be changed, and the amount, timing, and frequency of such dividends and repurchases may vary from historical practice or from our stated expectations. decisions with respect to dividends and share repurchases are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and will be based on a variety of factors. important factors that could cause us to discontinue, limit, suspend, increase, or delay our cash dividends or share repurchases include market conditions, the price of our common stock, the nature and timing of other investment opportunities, changes in our business strategy, the terms of our financing arrangements, our outlook as to our ability to obtain financing at attractive rates, the impact on our credit ratings, and the availability of cash. the reduction or elimination of our cash dividend, or longer suspension or elimination of our share repurchase program could adversely affect the market prices of our common stock. additionally, there can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market prices of our common stock may decline below the levels at which we repurchased shares of common stock, and short-term stock price fluctuations could reduce the program's effectiveness.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 30
part i         other key information         table of contents
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction we have elected to omit discussion on the earliest of the three years covered by the consolidated financial statements presented. refer to item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "liquidity and capital resources" located in our form 10-k for the fiscal year ended february 28, 2021, filed on april 20, 2021, for reference to discussion of the fiscal year ended february 29, 2020, the earliest of the three fiscal years presented. this md&a, which should be read in conjunction with our financial statements, is organized as follows:
overview.    this section provides a general description of our business, which we believe is important in understanding the results of our operations, financial condition, and potential future trends.
strategy.    this section provides a description of our strategy and a discussion of recent developments, covid-19 and global supply chain related impacts, and significant investments, acquisitions, and divestitures.
results of operations.    this section provides an analysis of our results of operations presented on a business segment basis. in addition, a brief description of significant transactions and other items that affect the comparability of the results is provided.
liquidity and capital resources.    this section provides an analysis of our cash flows, outstanding debt, liquidity position, and commitments. included in the analysis of outstanding debt is a discussion of the financial capacity available to fund our ongoing operations and future commitments, as well as a discussion of other financing arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates.    this section identifies accounting policies that are considered important to our results of operations and financial condition, require significant judgment, and involve significant management estimates. our significant accounting policies, including those considered to be critical accounting policies, are summarized in note 1.
overview our internal management financial reporting consists of three business divisions: (i) beer, (ii) wine and spirits, and (iii) canopy and we report our operating results in four segments: (i) beer, (ii) wine and spirits, (iii) corporate operations and other, and (iv) canopy. our canopy equity method investment makes up the canopy segment.
in the beer segment, our portfolio consists of high-end imported beer brands, craft beer, and abas. we have an exclusive perpetual brand license to import, market, and sell our mexican beer portfolio in the u.s. in the wine and spirits segment, we sell a portfolio that includes higher-margin, higher-growth wine brands complemented by certain higher-end spirits brands. amounts included in the corporate operations and other segment consist of costs of executive management, corporate development, corporate finance, corporate growth and strategy, human resources, internal audit, investor relations, legal, public relations, and information technology, as well as our investments made through our corporate venture capital function. all costs included in the corporate operations and other segment are general costs that are applicable to the consolidated group and are, therefore, not allocated to the other reportable segments. all costs reported within the corporate operations and other segment are not included in our codm's evaluation of the operating income (loss) performance of the other reportable segments. the business segments reflect how our operations are managed, how resources are allocated, how operating performance is evaluated by senior management, and the structure of our internal financial reporting.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 33
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents strategy our business strategy for the beer segment focuses on upholding our leadership position in the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market through maintenance of leading margins, enhancements to our results of operations and operating cash flow, and exploring new avenues for growth. this includes continued focus on growing our beer portfolio in the u.s. through expanding distribution for key brands, including within the dtc and 3-tier ecommerce channels, as well as continued expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities for our mexico beer operations. additionally, in an effort to more fully compete in growing sectors of the high-end segment of the u.s. beer market, we have leveraged our innovation capabilities to create new line extensions behind celebrated, trusted brands and package formats that meet emerging needs.
we have increased our production capacity in mexico by fourfold since the 2013 acquisition of the imported beer business. in early fiscal 2022, we completed part of a planned expansion at the obregon brewery, increasing our production capacity to approximately 39 million hectoliters. expansion, optimization, and/or construction activities continue under our mexico beer projects to align with our anticipated future growth expectations. at this time, we have suspended all mexicali brewery construction activities, following a negative result from a public consultation held in mexico. see "capital expenditures" below.
our business strategy for the wine and spirits segment focuses on growing industry-leading, higher-end wine and spirits brands through margin improvements and creation of operating efficiencies. we focus our investment dollars on (i) building and refreshing existing brands within our portfolio through consumer insights, sensory expertise, and innovation, and (ii) refining our portfolio through targeted acquisitions of higher-margin, higher-growth wine and spirits brands. we recently reorganized this business into two distinct commercial teams, one focused on our fine wine and craft spirits brands and the other focused on our mainstream and premium brands. while each team has its own distinct strategy, both remain aligned to the goal of accelerating performance by growing net sales and expanding margins. additionally, we continue to strengthen our leadership position and invest in dtc and 3-tier ecommerce channels. in markets where it is feasible, we entered into contractual arrangements to consolidate our u.s. distribution in order to obtain dedicated distributor selling resources which focus on our u.s. wine and spirits portfolio to drive organic growth. this u.s. distributor currently represents about 70% of our branded wine and spirits volume in the u.s.
marketing, sales, and distribution of our products are primarily managed on a geographic basis allowing us to leverage leading market positions. in addition, market dynamics and consumer trends vary across each of our markets. within our primary market in the u.s., we offer a range of beverage alcohol products across the imported beer, craft beer, aba, branded wine, and spirits categories, with generally separate distribution networks utilized for (i) our beer portfolio and (ii) our wine and spirits portfolio. the environment for our products is competitive in each of our markets.
we complement our strategy with our investment in canopy by expanding our portfolio into adjacent categories. canopy is a leading cannabis company with operations in countries across the world. this investment is consistent with our long-term strategy to identify, address, and stay ahead of evolving consumer trends and market dynamics. our strategic relationship with canopy is designed to help position it to be successful in cannabis production, branding, and intellectual property.
we remain committed to our long-term financial model of: growing sales, expanding margins, and increasing cash flow in order to achieve earnings per share growth, maintain our targeted net leverage ratio, and deliver returns to stockholders through the payment of dividends and periodic share repurchases. our results of operations and financial condition have been affected by inflation and changing prices and we expect these impacts to continue in fiscal 2023. our fiscal 2023 results of operations could also be impacted by reductions in discretionary income of consumers available to purchase our products. we intend to pass along rising costs through increased selling prices, subject to normal competitive conditions. in addition, we continue to identify ongoing cost savings initiatives, including our commodity hedge program. however, there can be no assurances that we will be able to fully mitigate rising costs through increased selling prices and/or cost savings initiatives. furthermore, to the extent climate-related events, such as the 2020 u.s. wildfires or the late frost in new zealand, constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 34
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents continue to occur or accelerate in future periods, it could have a material impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
recent developments class b stock declassification proposal in april 2022, we received the proposal which proposes that each share of class b stock would be converted into 1.35 shares of class a stock. our board of directors has established a special committee to evaluate the proposal. any definitive agreement with respect to the potential transaction must be approved by the special committee as well as our board of directors. in addition, pursuant to the terms of the proposal, any potential transaction would require the approval of holders of a majority of the shares of our class a stock that do not also hold shares of class b stock.
other acquisitions during the first quarter of fiscal 2023, we completed the acquisitions of other businesses, consisting of lingua franca, which included a collection of luxury wines, a vineyard, and a production facility, and the remaining 73% ownership interest in austin cocktails, which included a portfolio of small batch, rtd cocktails. the purchase price for each acquisition includes an earn-out based on the performance of the respective brands. the results of operations of these acquired businesses will be reported in the wine and spirits segment and will be included in our consolidated results of operations from their respective date of acquisition.
covid-19 and global supply chain related impacts covid-19 containment measures affected us predominantly in the first half of fiscal 2021 primarily in the reduction of (i) depletion volume on our products in the on-premise business due to bar and restaurant closures and (ii) shipment volume related to the reduced production activity at our major breweries in mexico which we were able to rectify in the second half of fiscal 2021. the on-premise business has historically been about 10% to 15% of our depletion volume for beer, wine, and spirits. our on-premise depletion volumes for fiscal 2022 were, and in fiscal 2023 may continue to be, impacted by regional covid-19 case levels, vaccine immunization rates, new covid-19 variants, and vaccine efficacy against new covid-19 variants. currently, our breweries, wineries, distilleries, and bottling facilities are open and operational.
as reflected in the discussion below, we have seen consumers shift more of their total shopping spend to online channels since the covid-19 outbreak, which has led to increased ecommerce sales, including dtc, for our business. fiscal 2022 was impacted by challenges with both global supply chain logistics and transportation which contributed to lower product inventory levels and higher cost of product sold. for example, wine produced in new zealand and italy and subsequently shipped to the u.s. for distribution continues to be affected by the lack of availability and increased costs of ocean freight shipping containers and port delays causing increased storage charges. in addition, during fiscal 2022, we experienced a brown glass purchasing shortage, which impacted certain of our imported beer brands. this supply returned to normal levels in early fiscal 2023. to the extent these circumstances continue to occur or accelerate in future periods it could have a material impact on our results of operations.
in response to covid-19, we have ensured our ongoing liquidity and financial flexibility through cash preservation initiatives, capital management adjustments, and cost control measures. we have used opportunities to defer some payments including certain payroll taxes under the cares act afforded to us earlier in the pandemic. we are not able to estimate the long-term impact of covid-19 on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flow. we believe we have sufficient liquidity available from operating cash flow, cash on hand, and availability under our revolving credit facility. we expect to have continued access to capital markets and to be able to continue to return value to stockholders through dividends and periodic share repurchases.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 35
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents investments, acquisitions, and divestitures beer segment ballast point divestiture in march 2020, we sold the ballast point craft beer business, including a number of its associated production facilities and brewpubs. accordingly, our consolidated results of operations include the results of operations of our ballast point craft beer business through the date of divestiture.
wine and spirits segment my favorite neighbor acquisition in november 2021, we acquired the remaining 65% ownership interest in my favorite neighbor, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, trademarks, inventory, and property, plant, and equipment. the results of operations of my favorite neighbor are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition. in april 2020, we made an initial investment in my favorite neighbor that was accounted for under the equity method. we recognized our share of their equity in earnings (losses) in our consolidated financial statements in the wine and spirits segment up to the date we acquired the remaining ownership interest. the my favorite neighbor investment and subsequent acquisition supported our strategic focus on consumer-led premiumization trends and meeting the evolving needs of our consumers.
paul masson divestiture in january 2021, we sold the paul masson grande amber brandy brand, related inventory, and interests in certain contracts. we received cash proceeds of $267.4 million, net of post-closing adjustments. the net cash proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. we recognized a net gain of $58.4 million on the sale of the business primarily for the year ended february 28, 2021.
wine and spirits divestitures in january 2021, we sold a portion of our wine and spirits business, including lower-margin, lower-growth wine and spirits brands, related inventory, interests in certain contracts, wineries, vineyards, offices, and facilities. we received net cash proceeds of $538.4 million, net of post-closing adjustments. in addition, we have the potential to earn an incremental $250 million of contingent consideration if certain brand performance targets are met over a two-year period after closing.
in january 2021, we also sold the new zealand-based nobilo wine brand and certain related assets. we received cash proceeds of $129.0 million, net of post-closing adjustments.
the cash proceeds from the wine and spirits divestitures were utilized to reduce outstanding debt and for other general corporate purposes. we recognized a net loss of $33.6 million on the wine and spirits divestitures primarily for the year ended february 28, 2021.
concentrate business divestiture in december 2020, we sold certain brands used in our concentrates and high-color concentrate business, and certain related intellectual property, inventory, interests in certain contracts, and other assets.
the following presents selected financial information included in our historical consolidated financial statements that are no longer part of our consolidated results of operations following the paul masson divestiture, wine and spirits divestitures, and concentrate business divestiture:
gross profit            $252.9
marketing (1)            $14.5
(1)included in selling, general, and administrative expenses within our consolidated results of operations.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 36
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents copper & kings acquisition in september 2020, we acquired the remaining ownership interest in copper & kings which primarily included the acquisition of inventory and property, plant, and equipment. this acquisition included a collection of traditional and craft batch-distilled american brandies and other select spirits. the results of operations of copper & kings are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
empathy wines acquisition in june 2020, we acquired empathy wines, which primarily included the acquisition of goodwill, trademarks, and inventory. this acquisition, which included a digitally-native wine brand, strengthened our position in the dtc and other ecommerce markets. the results of operations of empathy wines are reported in the wine and spirits segment and have been included in our consolidated results of operations from the date of acquisition.
corporate operations and other segment corporate investment in february 2022, we sold an investment made through our corporate venture capital function. we recognized our share of their equity in earnings (losses) in our consolidated financial statements in the corporate operations and other segment up to the date we sold our ownership interest.
canopy segment canopy investment in may 2020, we exercised the november 2017 canopy warrants at an exercise price of c$12.98 per warrant share for c$245.0 million, or $173.9 million.
for additional information on these recent developments, investments, acquisitions, and divestitures, refer to notes 2, 7, 10, and 17.
results of operations financial highlights references to organic throughout the following discussion exclude the impact of the brands divested in january 2021, as appropriate.
for fiscal 2022 compared with fiscal 2021:
•our results of operations were negatively impacted by (i) an unrealized net loss from the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy as compared with the unrealized net gain in fiscal 2021, (ii) an impairment of long-lived assets for fiscal 2022 in connection with certain assets at the mexicali brewery, (iii) a decrease in wine and spirits net sales due largely to the divestitures, and (iv) an increase in operational costs within the beer segment, partially offset by an increase in beer net sales, as well as a decrease in equity in losses from canopy's results.
•net sales increased 2% as an increase in beer net sales, driven predominantly by shipment volume growth and favorable impact from pricing, was offset by the decrease in wine and spirits net sales, due largely to the divestitures.
•operating income decreased 16% largely due to (i) the impairment of long-lived assets, (ii) the decrease in wine and spirits net sales, (iii) an increase in cost of product sold within the beer segment, and (iv) an increase in marketing spend for the beer segment, driven by a planned increase to support the growth of our brands, partially offset by the increase in beer net sales.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 37
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents
•net income (loss) attributable to cbi and diluted net income (loss) per common share attributable to cbi decreased largely due to the items discussed above, partially offset by lower provision for income taxes.
comparable adjustments management excludes items that affect comparability from its evaluation of the results of each operating segment as these comparable adjustments are not reflective of core operations of the segments. segment operating performance and the incentive compensation of segment management are evaluated based on core segment operating income (loss) which does not include the impact of these comparable adjustments.
as more fully described herein and in the related notes, the comparable adjustments that impacted comparability in our segment results for each period are as follows:
cost of product sold net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts              $109.9                     $25.1
settlements of undesignated commodity derivative contracts                  (35.9)                      31.6
strategic business development costs                                         (2.6)                    (29.8)
recovery of (loss on) inventory write-down                                   (1.0)                    (70.4)
covid-19 incremental costs                                                       -                     (7.6)
selling, general, and administrative expenses transition services agreements activity                                     (19.2)                       0.4
transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs                (1.4)                     (7.6)
restructuring and other strategic business development costs                   0.6                    (23.9)
net gain (loss) on foreign currency derivative contracts                         -                     (8.0)
impairment of intangible assets                                                  -                     (6.0)
covid-19 incremental costs                                                       -                     (4.8)
other gains (losses)                                                         (2.3)                      14.3
impairment of assets held for sale                                               -                    (24.0)
gain (loss) on sale of business                                                1.7                      14.2
income (loss) from unconsolidated investments                           $(1,488.2)                    $265.2
cost of product sold undesignated commodity derivative contracts net gain (loss) on undesignated commodity derivative contracts represents a net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of undesignated commodity derivative contracts. the net gain (loss) is reported outside of segment operating results until such time that the underlying exposure is recognized in the segment operating results. at settlement, the net gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of the undesignated commodity derivative contracts is reported in the appropriate operating segment, allowing the results of our operating segments to constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 38
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents reflect the economic effects of the commodity derivative contracts without the resulting unrealized mark to fair value volatility.
net flow through of reserved inventory we sold reserved inventory previously written down in fiscal 2021 following the 2020 u.s. wildfires.
strategic business development costs we recognized costs primarily in connection with losses on write-downs of excess inventory and contract terminations resulting from our initiatives to optimize our portfolio, gain efficiencies, and reduce our cost structure within the wine and spirits segment.
recovery of (loss on) inventory write-down we recognized a loss primarily on the write-down of bulk wine inventory and certain grapes as a result of smoke damage sustained during the 2020 u.s. wildfires (fiscal 2021).
covid-19 incremental costs we recognized costs for incremental wages and hazard payments to employees, purchases of personal protective equipment, more frequent and thorough cleaning and sanitization of our facilities, and costs associated with the unused beer keg reimbursement program with distributors.
selling, general, and administrative expenses transition services agreements activity we recognized costs in connection with transition services agreements related to the wine and spirits divestitures (fiscal 2022).
transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs we recognized transaction, integration, and other acquisition-related costs in connection with our investments, acquisitions, and divestitures.
restructuring and other strategic business development costs we recognized costs primarily in connection with initiatives to optimize our portfolio, gain efficiencies, and reduce our cost structure within the wine and spirits segment (fiscal 2021).
net gain (loss) on foreign currency derivative contracts we recognized a net loss primarily in connection with the settlement of foreign currency forward contracts entered into to fix the u.s. dollar cost of the may 2020 canopy investment.
impairment of intangible assets we recognized trademark impairment losses related to our beer segment's four corners craft beer trademark asset. for additional information, refer to note 7.
covid-19 incremental costs we recognized costs for payments to third-party general contractors to maintain their workforce for expansion activities at the obregon brewery and recognized costs for incremental wages and hazard payments to employees.
other gains (losses)
we recognized other gains (losses) primarily in connection with (i) a gain recognized on the remeasurement of our previously held equity interest in my favorite neighbor to the acquisition-date fair value (fiscal 2022), (ii) a property tax settlement (fiscal 2022), (iii) an adjustment to understated excise tax accruals primarily related to a prior period acquisition (fiscal 2022), (iv) net increase (decrease) in estimated fair value of contingent liabilities associated with prior period acquisitions (fiscal 2022, fiscal 2021), and (v) a gain recognized on the sale of a vineyard (fiscal 2021).
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 39
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents impairment of brewery construction in progress we recognized an impairment of long-lived assets in connection with certain assets at the mexicali brewery. for additional information, refer to note 7.
impairment of assets held for sale we recognized impairments of long-lived assets held for sale in connection with the wine and spirits divestitures and the concentrate business divestiture. for additional information, refer to note 7.
gain (loss) on sale of business we recognized a net gain (loss) primarily on the completion of the paul masson divestiture and the wine and spirits divestitures. for additional information, refer to note 2.
income (loss) from unconsolidated investments we recognized income (loss) primarily from (i) an unrealized gain (loss) from the changes in fair value of our securities measured at fair value, (ii) equity in earnings (losses) from canopy's results, including equity in losses from canopy largely related to costs designed to improve their organizational focus, streamline operations, and align production capability with projected demand, and (iii) a net gain recognized from the sale of an equity method investment made through our corporate venture capital function (fiscal 2022). for additional information, refer to notes 7 and 10.
business segments net sales fiscal                         fiscal                    dollar                 percent
2022                           2021                    change                  change
wine and spirits:
spirits                                      249.8                          331.9                    (82.1)                     (25   %)
total wine and spirits                     2,069.1                        2,540.3                   (471.2)                     (19   %)
2022                                                                2021                      change                            change
the increase in beer net sales is largely due to (i) $534.8 million of volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio, which benefited from continued consumer demand and a return to on-premise, including bars and restaurants, and (ii) $182.4 million of favorable impact from pricing in select markets within our mexican beer portfolio, partially offset by $45.5 million of unfavorable product mix primarily from an increase in on-premise keg sales and a shift in package types. product inventories in our 3-tier distribution channel returned to more normal levels by the end of fiscal 2022.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 40
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents wine and spirits segment fiscal                                                            fiscal                      dollar                                 percent
2022                                                                2021                      change                                  change
(in millions, branded product, 9-liter case equivalents)
(1)includes an adjustment to remove volume associated with the wine and spirits divestitures for the period march 1, 2020, through january 4, 2021.
(2)includes an adjustment to remove volume associated with the paul masson divestiture for the period march 1, 2020, through january 11, 2021.
the decrease in wine and spirits net sales is due to $642.3 million from the divestitures, partially offset by a $171.1 million increase in organic net sales. the increase in organic net sales is driven by (i) $62.7 million increase from favorable product mix shift, (ii) $40.3 million of favorable impact from pricing driven by distributor transition and price increases, (iii) $37.7 million increase primarily from bulk wine and non-branded net sales, and (iv) $28.2 million increase in branded wine and spirits shipment volume attributable to our continued focus on growing our brands and an overlap of lower shipment volumes in fiscal 2021. the increase in organic net sales was negatively impacted by global supply chain logistics and route to market changes. for fiscal 2022, the organic u.s. shipment volume was ahead of the depletion volume largely driven by a challenging overlap due to consumer pantry loading behavior in the first half of fiscal 2021 and timing related to transition activities with distributors that occurred at the end of fiscal 2021.
canopy segmentour ownership interest in canopy allows us to exercise significant influence, but not control, and, therefore, we account for our investment in canopy under the equity method. amounts included for the canopy segment represent 100% of canopy's reported results on a two-month lag. accordingly, we recognized our share of canopy's earnings (losses) from january through december 2021, in our fiscal 2022 results and january through december 2020, in our fiscal 2021 results. although we own less than 100% of the outstanding shares of canopy, 100% of its results are included and subsequently eliminated to reconcile to our consolidated financial statements. see "income (loss) from unconsolidated investments" below for a discussion of canopy's net sales, gross profit (loss), selling, general, and administrative expenses, and operating income (loss).
gross profit fiscal                      fiscal                       dollar                 percent
2022                        2021                       change                  change
wine and spirits                             947.9                     1,115.2                      (167.3)                     (15   %)
comparable adjustments                        82.4                      (51.6)                        134.0                           nm consolidated gross profit                 $4,707.3                    $4,466.0                       $241.3                       5    %
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 41
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the increase in beer is primarily due to $301.3 million of shipment volume growth and the $182.4 million favorable impact from pricing, partially offset by $200.1 million of higher cost of product sold. the higher cost of product sold is predominantly due to higher operational costs including (i) a $78.2 million increase in obsolescence primarily from excess inventory of hard seltzers largely resulting from a slowdown in the overall category, (ii) $66.3 million of brewery costs primarily driven by higher compensation and benefits, largely resulting from increased headcount to support the growth of our mexican beer portfolio, and increased utility costs, (iii) $61.5 million of higher material costs, including pallets, cartons, steel, corn, and aluminum, and (iv) $44.3 million of higher depreciation, partially offset by (i) $47.8 million of favorable fixed cost absorption primarily as a result of increased production levels for fiscal 2022 and (ii) $20.1 million of foreign currency transactional benefits.
the decrease in wine and spirits is due to a decrease of $252.9 million from the divestitures, partially offset by a $85.6 million increase in organic gross profit. the increase in organic gross profit is attributable to (i) the $40.3 million of favorable pricing, (ii) $35.7 million increase from favorable product mix shift, and (iii) $9.6 million primarily related to favorable bulk wine and non-branded net sales, partially offset by $2.9 million of higher cost of product sold. the increased cost of product sold was largely attributable to $29.0 million of increased transportation costs resulting from global supply chain challenges, including inflation, and route to market changes, partially offset by (i) $16.5 million of net favorable fixed cost absorption and (ii) approximately $10 million of lower grape raw materials and other cost savings initiatives. the net favorable fixed cost absorption in fiscal 2022 primarily resulted from the impact of the 2020 u.s. wildfires, partially offset by decreased production levels at certain facilities as a result of a late frost in new zealand which reduced the grape harvest.
gross profit as a percent of net sales increased to 53.4% for fiscal 2022 compared with 51.8% for fiscal 2021. this was largely due to approximately (i) 150 basis points of favorable change in comparable adjustments, (ii) 95 basis points of favorable impact from the lower-margin wine and spirits divestitures, and (iii) 95 basis points of favorable impact from beer pricing in select markets, partially offset by approximately 220 basis points of rate decline from cost of product sold within the beer segment, driven by the increase in operational costs.
2022                           2021                       change                  change
wine and spirits                                                        477.2                          492.8                       (15.6)                      (3   %)
the increase in beer is primarily due to $35.3 million of higher marketing spend and $29.3 million of increased general and administrative expenses. the higher marketing spend was driven by our planned investments to support the growth of our mexican beer portfolio through media and event sponsorships. the increase in general and administrative expenses was primarily driven by increased legal expense, increased depreciation and other costs related to the implementation of a new erp, unfavorable foreign currency transaction losses, and higher compensation and benefits.
the decrease in wine and spirits is primarily due to $14.0 million of lower marketing spend as a result of the divestitures.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 42
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the increase in corporate operations and other is largely due to an approximate (i) $12 million increase in consulting and third-party services, largely related to strategic initiatives, (ii) $5 million increase in travel as compared to reduced travel in fiscal 2021 resulting from covid-19 containment measures, and (iii) $4 million increase in depreciation expense, primarily related to the implementation of a new erp, partially offset by an approximate (i) $6 million decrease in compensation and benefits, primarily related to the reversal of stock-based compensation for a performance award tied to earnings from our investment in canopy that did not achieve a threshold level of performance and (ii) $5 million of favorable foreign currency impact.
selling, general, and administrative expenses as a percent of net sales increased to 19.4% for fiscal 2022 as compared with 19.3% for fiscal 2021. the increase is driven largely by approximately 35 basis points of rate growth in connection with the wine and spirits divestitures, largely offset by approximately 15 points of rate decline in the beer segment as the increase in beer net sales exceeded the increase in selling, general, and administrative expenses and a decrease in the wine and spirits segment selling, general, and administrative expenses, which resulted in approximately 10 basis points of rate decline.
2022                           2021                         change                  change
wine and spirits                                   470.7        622.4                                          (151.7)                     (24   %)
the increase in beer is largely attributable to the strong shipment volume growth within our mexican beer portfolio and favorable pricing impact, partially offset by higher operational costs, marketing spend, and general and administrative expenses, as discussed above.
the decrease in wine and spirits is largely attributable to the divestitures, partially offset by the increase in organic net sales, led by favorable impacts from product mix shift and pricing, bulk wine net sales, and branded wine and spirits shipment volume growth.
as previously discussed, the corporate operations and other increase in operating loss is largely due to the increases in consulting and third-party services and travel expense as compared to fiscal 2021, partially offset by favorable impacts from the reversal of stock-based compensation and foreign currency.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 43
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents income (loss) from unconsolidated investments general fiscal                                fiscal                           dollar                 percent
2022                                    2021                           change                  change
unrealized net gain (loss) on securities measured at fair value            $(1,644.7)                       $802.0                       $(2,446.7)                           nm equity in earnings (losses) from canopy and related activities (1)         (73.6)                          (679.0)                            605.4                      89   %
equity in earnings (losses) from other equity method investees             31.8                 27.3                                            4.5                      16   %
net gain (loss) on sale of unconsolidated investment (2)                   51.0                                  -                             51.0                           nm
(1)includes $82.4 million and $359.6 million of costs designed to improve their organizational focus, streamline operations, and align production capability with projected demand for fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021, respectively.
(2)represents the sale of our previously held equity interest in an investment made through our corporate venture capital function.
for additional information regarding our equity method investments, refer to note 10.
canopy segmentcanopy net sales increased to $444.3 million for fiscal 2022 from $378.6 million for fiscal 2021. this increase of $65.7 million, or 17%, is primarily attributable to an increase in other consumer product sales and canadian thc recreational sales. the increase in other consumer product sales largely resulted from (i) sales of sports nutrition beverages and mixes by biosteel sports nutrition inc., as they expanded their u.s. distribution and introduced new rtd products and (ii) sales of vaporizers by storz &amp; bickel gmbh &amp; co. kg also increased due to continued u.s. distribution expansion, partially offset by supply chain challenges and shipping restrictions. canadian thc recreational sales benefited from canopy's fiscal 2022 acquisitions including the supreme cannabis company, inc. and av cannabis inc. ("ace valley"), partially offset by lower supply of high demand products and unfavorable impacts from product mix shift and pricing. canopy gross profit (loss) declined to $(18.6) million for fiscal 2022 from $(14.1) million for fiscal 2021. this increase in loss of $4.5 million is primarily driven by (i) higher inventory write-downs for fiscal 2022 as compared with fiscal 2021, (ii) price compression in the canadian recreational channel and for canopy's, now former, international pharmaceutical business, c3, (iii) shifts in business mix, (iv) unfavorable fixed cost absorption for certain of its businesses, and (v) higher shipping and warehousing costs in north america. the decline in canopy's gross profit (loss) was partially offset by payroll subsidies received from the canadian government in fiscal 2022 pursuant to a covid-19 relief program. canopy selling, general, and administrative expenses decreased $870.4 million primarily from a reduction in (i) asset impairment and restructuring charges related to its previous year decision to close greenhouse facilities as well as other changes related to its organizational and strategic review of their business, (ii) expected credit losses on financial assets and related charges, (iii) stock-based compensation expense, and (iv) sales and marketing expenses. the combination of these factors were the main contributors to the $865.9 million decrease in operating loss.
interest expense interest expense decreased to $356.4 million for fiscal 2022 from $385.7 million for fiscal 2021. this decrease of $29.3 million, or 8%, is due to approximately $1.2 billion of lower average borrowings, partially offset by approximately 10 basis points of higher weighted average interest rates. the lower average borrowings are primarily attributable to the partial repayment of financing entered into in connection with the november 2018 canopy transaction.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 44
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents loss on extinguishment of debt loss on extinguishment of debt primarily consists of a make-whole payment in connection with the early redemption of our (i) 2.70% may 2017 senior notes and 2.65% november 2017 senior notes (fiscal 2022) and (ii) 2.25% november 2017 senior notes (fiscal 2021).
(provision for) benefit from income taxes the (provision for) benefit from income taxes decreased to $(309.4) million for fiscal 2022 from $(511.1) million for fiscal 2021. our effective tax rate for fiscal 2022 was 99.7% as compared with 20.1% for fiscal 2021. in comparison to prior year, our taxes were impacted primarily by:
•valuation allowances on a portion of the unrealized net loss from the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy and canopy equity in earnings (losses);
•the effective tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses, including the impact of the long-lived asset impairment of brewery construction in progress; and
•a net income tax benefit from stock-based compensation award activity for fiscal 2022 from changes in option exercise activity.
for additional information, refer to note 13.
we expect our reported effective tax rate for the next fiscal year to be in the range of 19% to 21%. since estimates are not currently available, this range does not reflect any future changes in the fair value of our canopy investment measured at fair value and any future equity in earnings (losses) and related activities from the canopy equity method investment.
net income (loss) attributable to cbi net income (loss) attributable to cbi decreased to $(40.4) million for fiscal 2022 from $1,998.0 million for fiscal 2021. this decrease of $2,038.4 million is largely attributable to (i) the unrealized net loss from the changes in fair value of our investment in canopy as compared with an unrealized net gain in fiscal 2021, (ii) an impairment of long-lived assets for fiscal 2022 in connection with certain assets at the mexicali brewery, (iii) the decrease in wine and spirits net sales due largely to the divestitures, and (iv) higher operational costs within the beer segment, partially offset by strong shipment volume growth within the beer segment and the decrease in the provision for income taxes.
liquidity and capital resources general our primary source of liquidity has been cash flow from operating activities. our ability to consistently generate robust cash flow from our operations is one of our most significant financial strengths; it enables us to invest in our people and our brands, make capital investments and strategic acquisitions, provide a cash dividend program, and from time-to-time, repurchase shares of our common stock. our largest use of cash in our operations is for purchasing and carrying inventories and carrying seasonal accounts receivable. historically, we have used this cash flow to repay our short-term borrowings and fund capital expenditures. additionally, our commercial paper program is used to fund our short-term borrowing requirements and to maintain our access to the capital markets. we use our short-term borrowings, including our commercial paper program, to support our working capital requirements and capital expenditures.
we seek to maintain adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating and financing activities, primarily short-term borrowings, will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share repurchases, and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 45
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents in december 2021, we entered into an agreement with a financial institution for payable services. we plan to facilitate a voluntary supply chain finance program through this participating financial institution in fiscal 2023. the program will be available to certain of our suppliers allowing them the option to manage their cash flow. we will not be a party to the agreements between the participating financial institution and the suppliers in connection with the program. our rights and obligations to our suppliers, including amounts due and scheduled payment terms, will not be impacted. we are still evaluating the impact of this program on future liquidity.
2022                        2021               change                            change
operating activities                                                    $2,705.4                    $2,806.5                    $(101.1)                        (4)    %
investing activities                                                   (1,035.8)                      (87.9)                    (947.9)                               nm financing activities                                                   (1,929.5)                   (2,346.6)        417.1                          18                  %
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents               (1.3)        7.2                                     (8.5)                         (118)    %
operating activities the decrease in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities consists of:
2022                           2021                           change                  change
unrealized net (gain) loss on securities measured at fair value                                                       1,644.7                        (802.0)                          2,446.7                           nm deferred tax provision (benefit)                                                                                         84.8                          336.4                          (251.6)                    (75)    %
equity in (earnings) losses of equity method investees and related activities, net of distributed earnings               61.6                          673.4                          (611.8)                    (91)    %
change in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects from purchase and sale of business                         (185.6)                          148.3                          (333.9)                           nm net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                                  $2,705.4                       $2,806.5                         $(101.1)                     (4)    %
the net change in operating assets and liabilities was largely driven by (i) higher fiscal 2022 inventory levels for the beer and wine and spirits segments as compared to fiscal 2021 inventory levels which were negatively impacted by climate-related events, (ii) increased accounts receivable for the beer and wine and spirits segments, and (iii) higher income tax payments in fiscal 2022 as compared to fiscal 2021. this was partially offset by benefits from (i) accounts payable primarily attributable to the timing of payments for both the beer and wine and spirits segments and (ii) an exclusivity payment received in fiscal 2022 related to distribution arrangements for our u.s. wine and spirits brand portfolio.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2022 increased primarily due to $994.9 million of lower proceeds from sale of business and $162.2 million of higher capital expenditures for fiscal 2022 as compared with fiscal 2021. the increase in net cash used in investing activities was partially offset by the $173.9 million exercise of the november 2017 canopy warrants in may 2020.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 46
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents business investments, acquisitions, and divestitures consist primarily of the following:
investments                         acquisitions                  divestitures fiscal 2022
•my favorite neighbor         •corporate investment fiscal 2021
•may 2020 canopy investment         •copper &amp; kings           •paul masson grande amber brandy
•my favorite neighbor               •empathy wines                •wine and spirits divestiture
•ballast point for additional information on these investments, acquisitions, and divestitures, refer to notes 2, 7, and 10.
financing activities the decrease in net cash provided by (used in) financing activities consists of:
2022            2021                                       change                  change
net proceeds from (payments of) debt, current and long-term, and related activities             $(81.3)                 $(1,787.8)                          $1,706.5                      95    %
purchases of treasury stock                                                                   (1,390.5)                 -                                  (1,390.5)                           nm net cash provided by stock-based compensation activities                                          167.8        51.2                                            116.6                           nm distributions to noncontrolling interests                                                        (52.5)                 (35.0)                                (17.5)                    (50)    %
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                          $(1,929.5)                 $(2,346.6)                            $417.1                      18    %
debt repayment       debt issuance constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 47
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents bank facilities in june 2021, the company and the administrative agent and lender amended the march 2020 term credit agreement. the principal change effected by the june 2021 amendment was a reduction in libor margin from 0.88% to 0.63% from june 1, 2021, through december 31, 2021.
in april 2022, we entered into the 2022 restatement agreement that amended and restated the 2020 credit agreement. the 2022 restatement agreement resulted in (i) the refinance and increase of the existing revolving credit facility from $2.0 billion to $2.25 billion and extension of its maturity to april 14, 2027, (ii) the refinement of certain negative covenants, and (iii) the replacement of libor rates with rates based on term sofr. there are no borrowings outstanding under the 2022 credit agreement.
in april 2022, the company and the administrative agent and lender amended the june 2021 term credit agreement. the principal changes effected by the april 2022 amendment were the refinement of certain negative covenants and replacement of libor rates with rates based on term sofr.
senior notes in july 2021, we issued the 2.25% july 2021 senior notes. proceeds from this offering, net of discount and debt issuance costs, of $987.2 million were used towards the repayment of our 2.70% may 2017 senior notes and 2.65% november 2017 senior notes.
general the majority of our outstanding borrowings as of february 28, 2022, consisted of fixed-rate senior unsecured notes, with maturities ranging from calendar 2023 to calendar 2050, and a variable-rate senior unsecured term loan facility under our june 2021 term credit agreement with a calendar 2024 maturity date as follows:
additionally, we have a commercial paper program which provides for the issuance of up to an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 billion of commercial paper. our commercial paper program is backed by unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 credit agreement. accordingly, outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program reduce the amount available under our revolving credit facility.
we do not have purchase commitments from buyers for our commercial paper and, therefore, our ability to issue commercial paper is subject to market demand. if the commercial paper market is not available to us for any reason when commercial paper borrowings mature, we will utilize unused commitments under our revolving credit facility under our 2022 credit agreement to repay commercial paper borrowings. we do not expect that constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 48
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents fluctuations in demand for commercial paper will affect our liquidity given our borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility.
we had the following remaining borrowing capacity available under our 2020 credit agreement and 2022 credit agreement, respectively:
revolving credit facility (1)       $1,664.8             $1,678.0
(1)    net of outstanding revolving credit facility borrowings and outstanding letters of credit under our 2020 credit agreement and 2022 credit agreement, respectively, and outstanding borrowings under our commercial paper program.
the financial institutions participating in our 2022 credit agreement have complied with prior funding requests and we believe they will comply with any future funding requests. however, there can be no assurances that any particular financial institution will continue to do so.
as of february 28, 2022, we and our subsidiaries were subject to covenants that are contained in our 2020 credit agreement, including those restricting the incurrence of additional subsidiary indebtedness, additional liens, mergers and consolidations, transactions with affiliates, and sale and leaseback transactions, in each case subject to numerous conditions, exceptions, and thresholds. the financial covenants are limited to a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum net leverage ratio, both as defined in our 2020 credit agreement. as of february 28, 2022, under our 2020 credit agreement, the minimum interest coverage ratio was 2.5x and the maximum net leverage ratio was 4.0x.
the representations, warranties, covenants, and events of default set forth in our june 2021 term credit agreement are substantially similar to those set forth in our 2020 credit agreement.
our indentures relating to our outstanding senior notes contain certain covenants, including, but not limited to: (i) a limitation on liens on certain assets, (ii) a limitation on certain sale and leaseback transactions, and (iii) restrictions on mergers, consolidations, and the transfer of all or substantially all of our assets to another person.
as of february 28, 2022, we were in compliance with our covenants under our 2020 credit agreement, our june 2021 term credit agreement, and our indentures, and have met all debt payment obligations.
for further discussion and presentation of our borrowings and available sources of borrowing, refer to note 12.
common stock dividends on april 6, 2022, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of $0.80 per share of class a stock, $0.72 per share of class b stock, and $0.72 per share of class 1 stock payable on may 19, 2022, to stockholders of record of each class as of the close of business on may 5, 2022. we expect to return approximately $600 million to stockholders in fiscal 2023 through cash dividends.
we currently expect to continue to pay a regular quarterly cash dividend to stockholders of our common stock in the future, but such payments are subject to approval of our board of directors and are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a. "risk factors" of this form 10-k.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 49
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents share repurchase program our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of our class a stock and class b stock under the 2018 authorization and an additional repurchase of up to $2.0 billion of our class a stock and class b stock under the 2021 authorization. no shares have been repurchased under the 2021 authorization.
during fiscal 2022, we repurchased 6,179,015 shares of class a stock pursuant to the 2018 authorization at an aggregate cost of $1,390.5 million, or an average cost of $225.04 per share, through a combination of open market transactions and an asr. pursuant to the asr announced in june 2021, we repurchased 2,240,397 shares of class a stock at an average purchase price paid of $223.17 per share. we primarily used cash on hand to pay the purchase price for the repurchased shares.
on april 7, 2022, we entered into an additional asr to repurchase $500.0 million of our class a stock. we utilized short-term borrowings and cash on hand to pay the dollar value for shares repurchased in this asr under the 2018 authorization.
class a common shares repurchase authorization   dollar value of shares repurchased                       number of shares repurchased
(in millions, except share data)
share repurchases under the 2018 authorization and 2021 authorization may be accomplished at management's discretion from time to time based on market conditions, our cash and debt position, and other factors as determined by management. shares may be repurchased through open market or privately negotiated transactions. we may fund future share repurchases with cash generated from operations and/or proceeds from borrowings. any repurchased shares will become treasury shares, including shares repurchased under the 2018 authorization.
we currently expect to continue to repurchase shares in the future, but such repurchases are dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, and other factors, including those set forth under item 1a. "risk factors" of this form 10-k.
for additional information, refer to note 17.
capital resources we have maintained adequate liquidity to meet working capital requirements, fund capital expenditures, and repay scheduled principal and interest payments on debt. absent deterioration of market conditions, we believe that cash flows from operating and financing activities, primarily short-term borrowings, will provide adequate resources to satisfy our working capital, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments, periodic share repurchases, and anticipated capital expenditure requirements for both our short-term and long-term capital needs.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 50
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents the following sets forth information about our outstanding obligations at february 28, 2022. for a detailed discussion of the items noted in the following table, refer to notes 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, and 16.
long-term debt (excluding unamortized debt issuance costs and unamortized discounts)                  $606.8                   $9,563.1              $10,169.9
other long-term liabilities (2)                                                                        $63.1                     $353.1                 $416.2
capital expenditures (3)                                                                              $272.5                     $217.3                 $489.8
in-process inventories                                                                                 $19.1                      $31.5                  $50.6
return value to stockholders (4)                                                                    $1,842.3                         $-               $1,842.3
investments in businesses (5)                                                                          $19.8                     $131.9                 $151.7
(2)other long-term liabilities do not include payments for unrecognized tax benefit liabilities of $246.5 million due to the uncertainty of the timing of future cash flows associated with these unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, other long-term liabilities do not include expected payments for interest and penalties associated with unrecognized tax benefit liabilities as amounts are not material. for a detailed discussion of these items, refer to note 13.
(3)contracts to purchase equipment and services primarily related to the mexico beer projects. for further information about these purchase obligations, refer to "capital expenditures" below.
(4)publicly announced intent to return $5 billion in value to stockholders through dividends and share repurchases to be made from fiscal 2020 through fiscal 2023. we have returned $3,157.7 million through fiscal 2022.
(5)publicly announced intent to invest (i) $100 million in female-founded or led companies through our focus on female founders program over a 10-year period concluding in fiscal 2029 and (ii) $100 million to support minority-owned companies in the beverage alcohol space and related categories through our focus on minority founder venture program over a 10-year period concluding in fiscal 2031. we have invested $42.7 million and $5.6 million through fiscal 2022 in female-founded or led companies and minority-owned companies, respectively.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 51
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents capital expenditures during fiscal 2022, we incurred $1,026.8 million for capital expenditures, including $849.5 million for the beer segment primarily for the mexico beer projects.
we plan to spend from $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for capital expenditures in fiscal 2023, including approximately $1.2 billion for the beer segment associated primarily with the mexico beer projects. the remaining planned fiscal 2023 capital expenditures consist of improvements to existing operating facilities and replacements of existing equipment and/or buildings. the mexico beer projects are expected to be substantially completed by fiscal 2026. accordingly, for the beer segment, we expect to spend $5.0 billion to $5.5 billion over fiscal 2023 through fiscal 2026, with the majority of spend expected to occur in the first three fiscal years of that timeframe. management reviews the capital expenditure program periodically and modifies it as required to meet current and projected future business needs.
in fiscal 2017, we began construction of the mexicali brewery. in march 2020, a public consultation was held on the construction of our mexicali brewery. following the negative result of the public consultation, we continue to work with government officials in mexico to (i) determine next steps for our suspended mexicali brewery construction project, (ii) pursue various forms of recovery for capitalized costs and additional expenses incurred in establishing the brewery, however, there can be no assurance of any recoveries, and (iii) explore options to add further capacity at other locations in mexico, including the construction of the southeast mexico brewery where there is ample water and we will have a skilled workforce to meet our long-term needs. see note 7 for further discussion.
critical accounting policies and estimates our significant accounting policies are more fully described in note 1. certain policies are particularly important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations and require the application of significant judgment by management to determine appropriate assumptions to be used in certain estimates; as a result, they are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. estimates are based on historical experience, observance of trends in the industry, information provided by our customers and information available from other outside sources, as appropriate. we review estimates to ensure that they appropriately reflect changes in our business on an ongoing basis. our critical accounting estimates include:
•equity method investments. we monitor our equity method investments for factors indicating other-than-temporary impairment. we consider several factors when evaluating our investments, including, but not limited to, (i) the period of time for which the fair value has been less than the carrying value, (ii) operating and financial performance of the investee, (iii) the investee's future business plans and projections, (iv) recent transactions and market valuations of publicly traded companies, where available, (v) discussions with their management, and (vi) our ability and intent to hold the investment until it recovers in value.
canopy equity method investment - monitored for other-than-temporary impairment at each reporting date, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the investment may not be recoverable. as of february 28, 2022, the carrying value of our canopy equity method investment exceeded the fair value by $1,488.7 million. if canopy's stock constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 52
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents price does not recover above our c$22.34 carrying value in the near-term, it may result in an impairment of our canopy equity method investment. there may also be a future impairment of our canopy equity method investment if our expectations about canopy's prospective results and cash flows decline, which could be influenced by a variety of factors including adverse market conditions or if canopy records a significant impairment of goodwill or intangible or other long-lived assets, makes significant asset sales, or has changes in senior management.
•fair value of financial instruments. management's estimate of fair value requires significant judgment and is subject to a high degree of variability based upon market conditions and the availability of specific information. the fair values of our financial instruments that require the application of significant judgment by management are as follows:
canopy investment equity securities, warrants - estimated using the black-scholes option-pricing model (level 2 fair value measurement) and monte carlo simulations (level 2 fair value measurement). these valuation models use various market-based inputs, including stock price, remaining contractual term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield, as applicable. management applies significant judgment in its determination of expected volatility. we consider both historical and implied volatility levels of the underlying equity security and apply limited consideration of historical peer group volatility levels.
debt securities, convertible - estimated using a binomial lattice option-pricing model (level 2 fair value measurement), which includes an estimate of the credit spread based on market spreads using bond data as of the valuation date. this valuation model uses various market-based inputs, including stock price, remaining term, expected volatility, risk-free interest rate, and expected dividend yield, as applicable.
•goodwill and other intangible assets. goodwill and other intangible assets are classified into three categories: (i) goodwill, (ii) intangible assets with definite lives subject to amortization, and (iii) intangible assets with indefinite lives not subject to amortization. for intangible assets with definite lives, impairment testing is required if conditions exist that the carrying value may not be recoverable. for intangible assets with indefinite lives and for goodwill, impairment testing is required at least annually or more frequently if events or circumstances indicate that these assets might be impaired. we may perform a qualitative evaluation prior to a quantitative test to determine if an impairment exists. however, if the results of the qualitative evaluation are inconclusive or suggest an impairment may exist, we must proceed to the quantitative test. the qualitative evaluation is an assessment of factors, including market conditions, industry changes, actual results as compared to forecasted results, or the timing of recent acquisitions and/or divestitures. the quantitative test estimates the fair value utilizing assumptions and projections regarding items such as future cash flows, revenues, earnings, and other factors. the factors and assumptions used reflect management's estimates and are based on historical trends, projections and assumptions, including expectations of future economic and competitive conditions that are used in current strategic operating plans, however, these are subject to change as a result of changing market conditions. if these estimates or their related assumptions change in the future, we may be required to recognize an impairment loss for these assets. the recognition of any resulting impairment loss could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
we perform annual impairment tests and re-evaluate the useful lives of other intangible assets with indefinite lives at the annual impairment test measurement date of january 1 or when circumstances arise that indicate a possible impairment or change in useful life might exist.
goodwill - our reporting units with goodwill include the beer segment and the wine and spirits segment. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis using the qualitative assessment. we determined it is more likely than not the fair value of each of our reporting units with goodwill exceeded their carrying value, and therefore no goodwill impairment was recognized related to this test. for fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, as a constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 53
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents result of our annual goodwill impairment analyses, we concluded that there were no indications of impairment for either of our reporting units.
other intangible assets - our intangible assets consist primarily of customer relationships and trademarks obtained through business acquisitions. customer relationships are amortized over their estimated useful lives. the trademarks that were determined to have indefinite useful lives are not amortized. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022, we performed our annual trademark impairment analysis using both the qualitative and quantitative assessments. no indication of impairment was noted for our trademark units utilizing the qualitative assessment, with the exception of the four corners trademark. we proceeded with a quantitative impairment test for the four corners trademark as certain continued negative trends indicated the fair value may not exceed its carrying value. when using the quantitative assessment, the estimated fair value of trademark is calculated based on an income approach using the relief from royalty method. the most significant assumption used in determining the estimated fair value was the annual revenue projection. no indication of impairment was noted using the quantitative test, as the estimated fair value of the four corners trademark was equal to its $4.0 million carrying amount.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, certain negative trends within our four corners craft beer portfolio, including slower growth rates and increased competition, resulted in updated long-term financial forecasts indicating lower revenue and cash flow generation for the related portfolio. this change in financial forecasts indicated it was more likely than not the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset associated with the four corners trademark might be below its carrying value. accordingly, we performed a quantitative assessment for impairment. as a result of this assessment, the beer segment's four corners craft beer business recognized a $6.0 million impairment loss in connection with its trademark asset. during the second quarter of fiscal 2020, certain continuing negative trends within our beer segment's ballast point craft beer portfolio, including increased rate of revenue decline and increased competition, indicated that it was more likely than not the fair value of our indefinite-lived intangible asset associated with the ballast point craft beer trademarks might be below its carrying value. accordingly, we performed a quantitative assessment for impairment. as a result of this assessment, the ballast point craft beer trademark asset recognized an impairment loss of $11.0 million. refer to note 7 for further discussion.
divestitures - when some, but not all of a reporting unit is disposed of, some of the goodwill of the reporting unit should be allocated to the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of, if that portion constitutes a business. the allocation of goodwill is based on the relative fair values of the portion of the reporting unit being disposed of and the portion of the reporting unit remaining. this approach requires a determination of the fair value of both the business being disposed and the businesses retained within the reporting unit.
for fiscal 2021, our estimate of fair value for the paul masson divestiture, the wine and spirits divestitures, the concentrate business divestiture, and the ballast point divestiture was determined based on the expected proceeds from the transactions. the components sold were a part of the wine and spirits or beer segment and were included in those reporting units through the date of divestiture. goodwill was allocated to the assets held for sale based on the relative fair value of the businesses being sold compared to the relative fair value of the reporting unit. goodwill not allocated to assets associated with the respective divestitures remained in the wine and spirits or beer reporting unit.
•accounting for income taxes. we estimate our deferred tax assets and liabilities, income taxes payable, provision for income taxes, and unrecognized tax benefit liabilities based upon various factors including, but not limited to, historical pretax operating income, future estimates of pretax operating income, differences between book and tax treatment of various items of income and expense, interpretation of tax laws, and tax planning strategies. we are subject to income taxes in canada, mexico, switzerland, the u.s., and other jurisdictions. we are regularly audited by federal, state, and constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 54
part ii        item 7. md&amp;a        table of contents foreign tax authorities, but a number of years may elapse before an uncertain tax position is audited and finally resolved.
we believe all tax positions are fully supported. we recognize tax assets and liabilities in accordance with the fasb guidance for income tax accounting. accordingly, we recognize a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. in addition, changes in existing tax laws or rates could significantly change our current estimate of our unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined. changes in current estimates, if significant, could have a material adverse impact on our financial statements.
we recognize our deferred tax assets and liabilities based upon the expected future tax outcome of amounts recognized in our results of operations. if necessary, we recognize a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not they will not be realized. we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, historical, and projected operating results, and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. the realization of deferred tax assets is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. we believe it is more likely than not the results of future operations will generate sufficient taxable income to realize our existing deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowances. changes in the realizability of our deferred tax assets will be reflected in our effective tax rate in the period in which they are determined.
change in accounting guidance accounting guidance adopted for fiscal 2022 did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
constellation brands, inc. fy 2022 form 10-k       #worthreachingfor i 55
part ii        item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures        table of contents