item 1a.    risk factors set forth below are material risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect our business and financial condition and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this report. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business operations and financial condition.
the covid-19 pandemic is continuing to cause an adverse impact on our employees, operations, supply chain and distribution system and the long-term impact to our business remains unknown. this is due to the numerous uncertainties that have risen from the pandemic, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the likelihood of resurgences of the outbreak, including due to the emergence and spread of variants, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease, the timing, distribution, efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, and unintended consequences of the foregoing.
the commercial aerospace industry, in particular, has been significantly disrupted, both domestically and internationally, by the pandemic. the pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments and other measures. as a result, demand for travel declined at a rapid pace beginning in the second half of fiscal 2020 and has remained depressed compared to pre-pandemic levels. however, commercial air travel has increasingly shown signs of recovery in recent quarters with increasing air traffic, primarily in certain domestic markets. the recovery in international commercial air travel has been slower with international travel only slightly recovered from covid-19 pandemic lows. the exact pace and timing of the commercial air travel recovery remains uncertain and is expected to continue to be uneven depending on factors such as trends in the number of covid-19 infections (e.g., impact of new variants of covid-19 resurfacing), the timing, distribution, efficacy, and public acceptance of vaccines and easing of quarantines and travel restrictions, among other factors. we currently expect covid-19 to continue to cause an adverse impact on our net sales, net income and ebitda as defined compared to pre-pandemic levels into fiscal 2022. longer-term, because the duration of the pandemic is unclear, it is difficult to forecast a precise impact on the company's future results.
the covid-19 pandemic has disrupted the global supply chain to a certain extent and availability of raw materials, particularly electronic parts. because we strive to limit the volume of raw materials and component parts on hand, our business could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive faa and oem certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part.
our ability to continue to manufacture products is highly dependent on our ability to maintain the safety and health of our factory employees. the ability of our employees to work has been, and may again be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to covid-19. while we are following the requirements of governmental authorities and taking preventative and protective measures to prioritize the safety of our employees, these measures are not always successful and we have been required to temporarily close facilities or take other measures. furthermore, in light of enacted and any additional reductions in our workforce as a result of declines in our business caused by the covid-19 pandemic, we cannot assure that we will be able to rehire our workforce as our business continues to recover. we believe the covid-19 pandemic has had, and may in the future again have, a material and adverse impact on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, the impact of the covid-19 pandemic and any future public health crises that arise could exacerbate the other risks we face.
in fiscal year 2021, no customer individually accounted for 10% or more of the company's net sales; however, our top ten customers for fiscal year 2021 accounted for approximately 42% of our net sales. in fiscal year 2020, no customer individually accounted for 10% or more of the company's net sales. in fiscal year 2019, one customer individually accounted for approximately 11% of the company's net sales. a material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers for any reason, including but not limited to the covid-19 pandemic, general economic or aerospace downturn, decreased production, strike or resourcing, could have a material adverse effect on results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
we generally do not have guaranteed future sales of our products. further, when we enter into fixed price contracts with some of our customers, we take the risk for cost overruns.
as is customary in our business, we do not generally have long-term contracts with most of our aftermarket customers and, therefore, do not have guaranteed future sales. although we have long-term contracts with many of our oem customers, many of those customers may terminate the contracts on short notice and, in most cases, our customers have not committed to buy any minimum quantity of our products. in addition, in certain cases, we must anticipate the future volume of orders based upon the historic purchasing patterns of customers and upon our discussions with customers as to their anticipated future requirements, and this anticipated future volume of orders may not materialize.
we also have entered into multi-year, fixed-price contracts with some of our customers, pursuant to which we have agreed to perform the work for a fixed price and, accordingly, realize all the benefit or detriment resulting from any decreases or increases in the costs of making these products. sometimes we accept a fixed-price contract for a product that we have not yet produced, and this increases the risk of cost overruns or delays in the completion of the design and manufacturing of the product. most of our contracts do not permit us to recover increases in raw material prices, taxes or labor costs.
we intend to pursue acquisitions. our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations.
a significant portion of our growth has occurred through acquisitions. any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. we intend to pursue acquisitions that we believe will present opportunities consistent with our overall business strategy. however, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates to purchase or may be unable to acquire desired businesses or assets on economically acceptable terms or may be unable to receive necessary regulatory approvals or support. in addition, we may not be able to raise the capital necessary to fund future acquisitions. because we may actively pursue a number of opportunities simultaneously, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, complications and delays, including regulatory complications or difficulties in employing sufficient staff and maintaining operational and management oversight.
we regularly engage in discussions with respect to potential acquisition and investment opportunities. if we consummate an acquisition, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. future acquisitions could result in margin dilution and further likely result in the incurrence of additional debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in interest and amortization expenses or periodic impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets as well as significant charges relating to integration costs.
acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations and that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. in addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any business we acquire into our existing business. the successful integration of new businesses, with the most significant recent acquisition being the cobham aero connectivity ("cac") acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal 2021, depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. the successful integration of future acquisitions may also require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time that they have to service, attract customers and develop new products and services or attend to other acquisition opportunities.
our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness. as of september 30, 2021, our total indebtedness, excluding approximately $31 million of letters of credit outstanding, was approximately $20 billion, which was 117.1% of our total book capitalization.
in addition, we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. as of september 30, 2021, we had approximately $529 million of unused commitments under our revolving credit facility. on october 6, 2021, the company repaid $200 million of the revolving credit facility drawn, increasing the borrowings available under the revolving commitments to $729 million. although our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing the various senior secured and senior subordinated notes outstanding (the "indentures") contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these qualifications and exceptions could be substantial. a breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures.
an increase in our indebtedness could also have other important consequences to investors. for example, it could:
•increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions;
•require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, acquisitions, research and development efforts and other general corporate requirements;
•limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;
•place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and
•limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, make investments and incur liens.
all of our debt under the senior secured credit facility, which includes $7.4 billion in term loans and a revolving credit facility of $760 million, bears interest at variable rates primarily based on the london interbank offered rate ("libor") for deposits of u.s. dollars. accordingly, if libor or other variable interest rates increase, our debt service expense will also increase. in order to mitigate the interest rate risk of these variable rate borrowings, we entered into interest rate swap and cap agreements that covers a significant portion of the existing variable rate debt. the company's objective is to maintain an allocation of at least 75% fixed rate and 25% variable rate debt thereby limiting its exposure to changes in near-term interest rates. as of september 30, 2021, approximately 86% of our total debt was fixed rate debt. for information about our interest rate swap and cap agreements, refer to note 21, "derivatives and hedging instruments," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
in 2017, the united kingdom's financial conduct authority announced that after 2021 it would no longer compel banks to submit the rates required to calculate libor and other interbank offered rates, which have been widely used as reference rates for various securities and financial contracts, including loans, debt and derivatives. however, for u.s dollar libor, the relevant date has been deferred to at least june 30, 2023 for certain tenors, at which time the libor administrator has indicated that it intends to cease publication of u.s. dollar libor. despite this deferral, the libor administrator has advised that no new contracts using u.s. dollar libor should be entered into after december 31, 2021. these actions indicate that the continuation of u.s. dollar libor on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after june 30, 2023. moreover, it is possible that u.s. dollar libor will be discontinued or modified prior to june 30, 2023. in february 2020, in connection with amendment no. 7 to the credit agreement, we amended our credit agreement to include a provision for the determination of an alternative reference interest rate. the discontinuation of libor will also require our derivative agreements to be amended. once the alternative interest rate has replaced libor, our future interest expense could be impacted.
our indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness, including the indentures. we cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness. if we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital.
to service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the indentures, amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts due under our trade receivable securitization facility ("securitization facility"), and to fund our operations, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.
we cannot assure that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that currently anticipated cost savings and operating improvements will be realized on schedule, or at all, or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness, including the amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts borrowed under our securitization facility and the indentures, or to fund our other liquidity needs. if we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. we cannot assure that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. the terms of existing or future debt instruments, the securitization facility, the indentures and the senior secured credit facility may restrict us from adopting any of these alternatives. in addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms and would otherwise adversely affect the indentures.
the terms of the senior secured credit facility and indentures may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions.
our senior secured credit facility and the indentures contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on td group, transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the indentures) and may limit their ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. the senior secured credit facility and indentures include covenants restricting, among other things, the ability of td group, transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the indentures) to:
•incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock;
•pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock or redeem or repurchase our subordinated debt;
•engage in transactions with affiliates;
•engage in certain business activities.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures. if any such default occurs, the lenders under the senior secured credit facility and the holders of the senior secured and senior subordinated notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under the senior secured credit facility also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. in addition, following an event of default under the senior secured credit facility, the lenders under that facility will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the senior subordinated notes. if the debt under the senior secured credit facility or the senior secured or subordinated notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full our debt.
because our products are complicated and highly engineered, we depend on an educated and trained workforce. historically, there has been substantial competition for skilled personnel in the aerospace and defense industry, and we could be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled employees. we may not be able to fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover or attract and retain qualified personnel.
reduction in force actions, such as the actions taken to reduce our workforce to align operations with customer demand as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, could result in difficulty in rehiring capable employees to refill the positions eliminated as needed once business recovers.
although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, we cannot assure that we will be able to negotiate a satisfactory renewal of collective bargaining agreements or that our employee relations will remain stable. because we strive to limit the volume of finished goods inventory, any work stoppage could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers.
in addition, our success depends in part on our ability to attract and motivate our senior management and key employees. achieving this objective may be difficult due to a variety of factors, including fluctuations in economic and industry conditions, competitors' hiring practices, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. competition for qualified personnel can be intense. if we are unable to effectively provide for the succession of key personnel, senior management and our executive officers, including our president, chief executive officer and director, our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition may be adversely affected. the company's board of directors continually monitors this risk and we believe that the company's succession plan, together with our straightforward strategy, clear value drivers, decentralized nature and the quality of managers running our operating units helps to mitigate this risk.
our sales to manufacturers of large commercial aircraft, such as boeing, airbus, and related oem suppliers, as well as manufacturers of business jets have historically experienced periodic downturns. in the past, these sales have been affected by airline profitability, which is impacted by, among other things, fuel and labor costs, price competition, interest rates, downturns in the global economy and national and international events. in addition, sales of our products to manufacturers of business jets are impacted by, among other things, downturns in the global economy. in recent years, we have been experiencing decreased sales across the commercial oem sector driven primarily by the decrease in production by boeing and airbus related to reduced demand in the commercial aerospace industry from the covid-19 pandemic, and also in boeing's case, the 737 max's grounding and subsequent production slowdown, and airlines deferring or cancelling orders. downturns adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
our business is dependent on the availability of certain components and raw materials from suppliers.
our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. our business, therefore, could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers (such as the destruction of our suppliers' facilities or their distribution infrastructure, a work stoppage or strike by our suppliers' employees or the failure of our suppliers to provide materials of the requisite quality), or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers.
the covid-19 pandemic has continued to disrupt the global supply chain. we currently are experiencing supply shortages and inflationary pressures for certain components and raw materials that are important to our manufacturing process, particularly electronic parts. expected growth in the global economy may exacerbate these pressures on us and our suppliers, and we expect these supply chain challenges and cost impacts to continue for the foreseeable future. because we strive to limit the volume of raw materials and component parts on hand, our business could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive faa and oem certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part.
we face significant competition.
we operate in a highly competitive global industry and compete against a number of companies. competitors in our product lines are both u.s. and foreign companies and range in size from divisions of large public corporations to small privately-held entities. we believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. we may have to adjust the prices of some of our products to stay competitive.
climate-related regulations designed to address climate change may result in additional compliance costs.
our operations and the products we sell are currently subject to rules limiting emissions and to other climate-related regulations in certain jurisdictions where we operate. the increased prevalence of global climate change concerns may result in new regulations that may negatively impact us, our suppliers and customers. we are continuing to evaluate short-, medium- and long-term risks related to climate change. we cannot predict what environmental legislation or regulations will be enacted in the future, how existing or future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or what environmental conditions may be found to exist. compliance with any new or more stringent laws or regulations, or stricter interpretations of existing laws, could require additional expenditures by us or our suppliers, in which case, the costs of raw materials and component parts could increase.
as a whole, because our manufacturing facilities primarily engage in assembly and light manufacturing and because we do not maintain any transportation infrastructure, our emissions primarily fall into scope 2 and scope 3 emissions. accordingly, we do not anticipate any material adverse impact from increased carbon regulation. further, because of our wide portfolio of hundreds of thousands of products, we do not anticipate any material adverse impact from the reliance on a supplier or group of suppliers that may be subject to climate risks. however, given the political significance and uncertainty around these issues, we cannot predict how legislation, regulation, and increased awareness of these issues will affect our operations and financial condition. we continue to evaluate ways to reduce our energy and water consumption and lower our greenhouse gas emissions through energy efficiency measures, the purchase of green power and other actions.
our operations depend on our manufacturing facilities, which are subject to physical and other risks that could disrupt production.
our operations and those of our customers and suppliers have been and may again be subject to natural disasters, climate change-related events, pandemics or other business disruptions, which could seriously harm our results of operation and increase our costs and expenses. some of our manufacturing facilities are located in regions that may be impacted by severe weather events, such as increased storm frequency or severity in the atlantic and fires in hotter and drier climates. these could result in potential damage to our physical assets as well as disruptions in manufacturing activities. some of our manufacturing facilities are located in areas that may be at risk due to rising sea levels. moreover, some of our manufacturing facilities are located in areas that could experience decreased access to water due to climate issues.
we are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, fire, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. disruptions could also occur due to health-related outbreaks and crises, cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction (accidental or intentional), operator error or process failures. should insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms, such as our existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans, be insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
operations and sales outside of the united states may be subject to additional risks.
our net sales to foreign customers were approximately $1.7 billion for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020, respectively. a number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including global health crises, brexit, currency fluctuations, difficulties in staffing and managing multinational operations, general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate, limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, restrictions on the repatriation of funds, change in trade policies, tariff regulation, difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses and the risk of government financed competition. issues with the global supply chain can also rise due to some of the aforementioned risks as well as global health crises, such as the covid-19 pandemic. furthermore, the company is subject to laws and regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act, uk bribery act and similar local anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their employees, agents and contractors from making improper payments for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. failure to comply with these laws could subject the company to civil and criminal penalties that could materially adversely affect the company's results of operations, financial position and cash flows.
companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to u.s. government agencies, whether through direct contracts with the u.s. government or as a subcontractor to customers contracting with the u.s. government, are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. these risks include the ability of the u.s. government to unilaterally:
•revoke required security clearances;
•audit our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs.
most of our u.s. government contracts can be terminated by the u.s. government at its convenience without significant notice. termination for convenience provisions provide only for our recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination.
on contracts for which the price is based on cost, the u.s. government may review our costs and performance, as well as our accounting and general business practices. based on the results of such audits, the u.s. government may adjust our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. in addition, under u.s. government purchasing regulations, some of our costs, including most financing costs, amortization of intangible assets, portions of research and development costs, and certain marketing expenses may not be subject to reimbursement.
furthermore, even where the price is not based on cost, the u.s. government may seek to review our costs to determine whether our pricing is "fair and reasonable." our subsidiaries are periodically subject to pricing reviews and government buying agencies that purchase some of our subsidiaries' products are periodically subject to audits by the dod office of inspector general ("oig") with respect to prices paid for such products. in the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we voluntarily refunded $16 million to the u.s. government following an oig audit, and another oig audit is underway. in addition, our defense-related business has been the subject of an ongoing congressional inquiry by the house oversight committee and release of the current oig audit report may prompt further congressional inquiries. pricing reviews and government audits, including the audit underway, and the congressional inquiries are costly and time consuming for our management and could distract from our ability to effectively manage the business. as a result of these reviews, audits and inquiries, we could be subject to providing further refunds to the u.s. government, we could be asked to enter into an arrangement whereby our prices would be based on cost, the dod could seek to pursue alternative sources of supply for our parts, or the u.s. government could take other adverse actions with respect to our contracts. any of those occurrences could lead to a reduction in our revenue from, or the profitability of certain of our supply arrangements with, certain agencies and buying organizations of the u.s. government. further, negative publicity relating to the results of any audit, inquiry or subsequent hearing or the like could negatively impact our stock price.
if a government inquiry or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties or administrative sanctions, including contract termination, fines, forfeiture of fees, suspension of payment and suspension or debarment from doing business with u.s. government agencies, any of which could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
moreover, u.s. government purchasing regulations contain a number of additional operational requirements, which do not apply to entities not engaged in government contracting. failure to comply with such government contracting requirements could result in civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
the aerospace industry is highly regulated in the u.s. and in other countries. in order to sell our products, we and the products we manufacture must be certified by the faa, the dod and similar agencies in foreign countries and by individual manufacturers. if new and more stringent government regulations are adopted or if industry oversight increases, we might incur significant expenses to comply with any new regulations or heightened industry oversight. in addition, if material authorizations or approvals were revoked or suspended, our business would be adversely affected.
in addition to the aviation approvals, we are at times required to obtain approval from u.s. government agencies to export our products. u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us include the arms export control act, the international traffic in arms regulations ("itar"), the export administration regulations ("ear") and the trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the united states department of the treasury's office of foreign assets control ("ofac"). ear restricts the export of dual-use products and technical data to certain countries, while itar restricts the export of defense products, technical data and defense services.
failure to obtain approval to export or determination by the u.s. government that we failed to receive required approvals or licenses could eliminate or restrict our ability to sell our products outside the united states, and the penalties that could be imposed by the u.s. government for failure to comply with these laws could be significant.
the interpretation and application of data protection laws in the u.s., europe, including but not limited to the general data protection regulation (the "gdpr") and the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa"), and elsewhere are uncertain and evolving. it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. complying with these various laws is difficult and could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. further, although we have implemented internal controls and procedures designed to ensure compliance with the gdpr, ccpa and other privacy-related laws, rules and regulations (collectively, the "data protection laws"), there can be no assurance that our controls and procedures will enable us to be fully compliant with all data protection laws.
despite our efforts to protect sensitive information and confidential and personal data, comply with applicable laws, rules and regulations and implement data security measures, our facilities, and systems may be vulnerable to security breaches and other data loss, including cyber-attacks and, in fact, we have experienced data security incidents that have not had a material impact on our financial results. in addition, it is not possible to predict the impact on our business of the future loss, alteration or misappropriation of information in our possession related to us, our employees, former employees, customers, suppliers or others. this could lead to negative publicity, legal claims, theft, modification or destruction of proprietary information or key information, damage to or inaccessibility of critical systems, manufacture of defective products, production downtimes, operational disruptions and other significant costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
risks related to legal and regulatory matters we could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations.
our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. environmental laws and regulations may require that the company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by subsidiaries of the company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. the company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws.
estimates of the company's environmental liabilities are based on current facts, laws, regulations and technology. these estimates take into consideration the company's prior experience and professional judgment of the company's environmental advisors. estimates of the company's environmental liabilities are further subject to uncertainties regarding the nature and extent of site contamination, the range of remediation alternatives available, evolving remediation standards, imprecise engineering evaluations and cost estimates, the extent of corrective actions that may be required and the number and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the remediation.
accordingly, as investigations and remediations proceed, it is likely that adjustments in the company's accruals will be necessary to reflect new information. the amounts of any such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or cash flows in a given period. based on currently available information, however, the company does not believe that future environmental costs in excess of those accrued with respect to sites for which the company has been identified as a potentially responsible party are likely to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition.
we may be subject to periodic litigation and regulatory proceedings, including fair labor standards act and state wage and hour class action lawsuits, which may adversely affect our business and financial performance.
from time to time, we are involved in lawsuits and regulatory actions brought or threatened against us in the ordinary course of business. these actions and proceedings may involve claims for, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, workers' compensation, employment discrimination, or breach of contract. in addition, we may be subject to class action lawsuits, including those involving allegations of violations of consumer product statutes or the fair labor standards act and state wage and hour laws. due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such actions or proceedings. the outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify, as plaintiffs may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts in these types of lawsuits, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. in addition, plaintiffs in many types of actions may seek punitive damages, civil penalties, consequential damages or other losses, or injunctive or declaratory relief. these proceedings could result in substantial cost and may require us to devote substantial resources to defend ourselves. the ultimate resolution of these matters through settlement, mediation, or court judgment could have a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft product that we have designed, manufactured or serviced. while we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, in the event of product liability claims our insurers may attempt to deny coverage or any coverage we have may not be adequate. we also may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. any liability not covered by insurance or for which third party indemnification is not available could result in significant liability to us.
in addition, a crash caused by one of our products could damage our reputation for quality products. we believe our customers consider safety and reliability as key criteria in selecting a provider of aircraft products. if a crash were to be caused by one of our products, or if we were to otherwise fail to maintain a satisfactory record of safety and reliability, our ability to retain and attract customers may be materially adversely affected.
mergers and acquisitions have resulted in significant increases in identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. identifiable intangible assets, which primarily include trademarks, trade names, customer relationships, and technology, were approximately $2.8 billion at september 30, 2021, representing approximately 14% of our total assets. goodwill recognized in accounting for the mergers and acquisitions was approximately $8.6 billion at september 30, 2021, representing approximately 44% of our total assets. we may never realize the full value of our identifiable intangible assets and goodwill, and to the extent we were to determine that our identifiable intangible assets or our goodwill were impaired within the meaning of applicable accounting standards, we would be required to write-off the amount of any impairment.
we may be subject to risks relating to changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various non-u.s. jurisdictions. the company's domestic and international tax liabilities are dependent upon the location of earnings among these different jurisdictions. the company's future results of operations could be adversely affected by changes in the company's effective tax rate as a result of changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets, challenges by tax authorities or changes in tax laws or regulations. in addition, the amount of income taxes paid by the company is subject to ongoing audits by u.s. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-u.s. tax authorities. if these audits result in assessments different from amounts reserved, future financial results may include unfavorable adjustments to the company's tax liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
notwithstanding special cash dividends, of which the most recent declaration by the company's board of directors occurred on december 20, 2019 in the amount of $32.50 per outstanding share of common stock and cash dividend equivalent payments on options granted under its equity compensation plans, we do not anticipate declaring regular quarterly or annual cash dividends on our common stock or any other equity security in the foreseeable future.
the amounts that may be available to us to pay future special cash dividends are restricted under our debt and other agreements. any payment of special cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. therefore, shareholders should not rely on regular quarterly or annual dividend income from shares of our common stock and should not rely on special dividends with any regularity or at all.
general risks our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers' profitability. these items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions.
our commercial business is directly affected by, among other factors, changes in rpms, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet, the percentage of the fleet that is out-of-warranty and changes in the profitability of the commercial airline industry. rpms and airline profitability have historically been correlated with the general economic environment, although national and international events also play a key role. for example, in addition to the current covid-19 pandemic and the adverse impact it has had on the airline industry, past examples in which the airline industry has been negatively affected include downturns in the global economy, higher fuel prices, increased security concerns among airline customers following the events of september 11, 2001, the severe acute respiratory syndrome ("sars") epidemic, and conflicts abroad. additional examples include future geopolitical or other worldwide events, such as war, terrorist acts, or additional worldwide infectious disease outbreaks.
in addition, global market and economic conditions have been challenging due to turbulence in the u.s. and international markets and economies and have prolonged declines in business and consumer spending. as a result of the substantial reduction in airline traffic resulting from the aforementioned events, the airline industry incurred large losses and financial difficulties. some carriers have also parked or retired a portion of their fleets and have reduced workforces and flights. during periods of reduced airline profitability, some airlines may delay purchases of spare parts, preferring instead to deplete existing inventories, and delay refurbishments and discretionary spending. if demand for spare parts decreases, there would be a decrease in demand for certain of our products. an adverse change in demand could impact our results of operations, collection of accounts receivable and our expected cash flow generation from current and acquired businesses which may adversely impact our financial condition and access to capital markets.
u.s. military spending is dependent upon the u.s. defense budget.
the military and defense market is significantly dependent upon government budget trends, particularly the dod budget. in addition to normal business risks, our supply of products to the u.s. government is subject to unique risks largely beyond our control. dod budgets could be negatively impacted by several factors, including, but not limited to, a change in defense spending policy as a result of the presidential election or otherwise, the u.s. government's budget deficits, spending priorities (e.g., allocating more spending to combat the effects of the covid-19 pandemic), the cost of sustaining the u.s. military presence internationally and possible political pressure to reduce u.s. government military spending, each of which could cause the dod budget to remain unchanged or to decline. a significant decline in u.s. military expenditures could result in a reduction in the amount of our products sold to the various agencies and buying organizations of the u.s. government.
there has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of equity securities, which is unrelated to the operating performance of the companies issuing the securities. these market fluctuations may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. shareholders may not be able to sell their shares at or above the purchase price due to fluctuations in the market price of our common stock. such changes could be caused by changes in our operating performance or prospects, including possible changes due to the cyclical nature of the aerospace industry and other factors such as fluctuations in oem and aftermarket ordering, which could cause short-term swings in profit margins. or such changes could be unrelated to our operating performance, such as changes in market conditions affecting the stock market generally or the stocks of aerospace companies or changes in the outlook for our common stock, such as changes to or the confidence in our business strategy, changes to or confidence in our management, or expectations for future growth of the company. global health crises such as the covid-19 pandemic could also cause significant volatility in the market price.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with td group's consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. the following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report. these risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future performance suggested below.
overview for fiscal year 2021, we generated net sales of $4,798 million, gross profit of $2,513 million or 52.4% of net sales, and net income attributable to td group of $680 million. the covid-19 pandemic has continued to cause a significant adverse impact on our net sales, net income and ebitda as defined when compared to pre-pandemic levels. historically and as our business continues to recover from the pandemic, we believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance since our formation in 1993 due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. more specifically, focusing our businesses on our value-driven operating strategy of obtaining profitable new business, carefully controlling the cost structure and pricing our highly engineered value-added products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so has historically resulted in improvements in gross profit and income from operations over the long-term.
our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. the integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements in the financial performance of the acquired business.
we believe our key competitive strengths include:
large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream. we provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. we estimate that our products are installed on over 100,000 commercial transport, regional transport, military and general aviation fixed wing turbine aircraft and rotary wing aircraft.
diversified revenue base. we believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. our products are installed on almost all of the major commercial aircraft platforms now in production. we expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, many of our businesses have taken the opportunity to explore new business opportunities by working on developing highly engineered solutions for emerging needs arising from the pandemic. product solutions currently being explored include anti-viral or antimicrobial technology, air purification, and touchless technologies, among others.
barriers to entry. we believe that the niche nature of our markets, the industry's stringent regulatory and certification requirements, the large number of products that we sell and the investments necessary to develop and certify products create potential disincentives to competition for certain products.
our business strategy is made up of two key elements: (1) a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and (2) a selective acquisition strategy.
•obtaining profitable new business. we attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. we have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and oem products to drive our growth.
•improving our cost structure. we are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each.
selective acquisition strategy. we selectively pursue the acquisition of proprietary aerospace component businesses when we see an opportunity to create value through the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies. the aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. we have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. as of the date of this report, we have successfully acquired approximately 86 businesses and product lines since our formation in 1993. many of these acquisitions have been integrated into an existing transdigm production facility, which enables a higher production capacity utilization, which in turn improves gross profit levels due to the ability to spread the fixed manufacturing overhead costs over higher production volume. in the case of larger acquisitions that consists of multiple business units (such as the esterline acquisition), we may pursue opportunities to divest certain acquired business units that are not in line with our long-term acquisition strategy.
acquisitions and divestitures during the most recent three fiscal years are described in note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
impact of the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic is continuing to cause an adverse impact on our employees, operations, supply chain and distribution system and the long-term impact to our business remains unknown. this is due to the numerous uncertainties that have risen from the pandemic, including the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the likelihood of resurgences of the outbreak, including due to the emergence and spread of variants, actions that may be taken by governmental authorities in response to the disease, the continued efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines, and unintended consequences of the foregoing.
the commercial aerospace industry, in particular, has been significantly disrupted, both domestically and internationally, by the pandemic. the pandemic has resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments and other measures. as a result, demand for travel declined at a rapid pace beginning in the second half of fiscal 2020 and has remained depressed compared to pre-pandemic levels. however, commercial air travel has increasingly shown signs of recovery in recent months with increasing air traffic, primarily in certain domestic markets. the recovery in international commercial air travel has been slower with international travel only slightly recovered from covid-19 pandemic lows. the exact pace and timing of the commercial air travel recovery remains uncertain and is expected to continue to be uneven depending on factors such as trends in the number of covid-19 infections (e.g., impact of new variants of covid-19 resurfacing), the continued efficacy and public acceptance of vaccines and easing of quarantines and travel restrictions, among other factors. we currently expect covid-19 to continue to cause an adverse impact on our net sales, net income and ebitda as defined compared to pre-pandemic levels into fiscal 2022. longer-term, because the duration of the pandemic is unclear, it is difficult to forecast a precise impact on the company's future results.
the company took immediate and aggressive action to minimize the spread of covid-19 in our workplaces and reduce costs. since the early days of the pandemic, we have been following guidance from the world health organization and the u.s. center for disease control to protect employees and prevent the spread of the virus within all of our facilities globally.
for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, covid-19 restructuring costs incurred were approximately $36 million, of which $26 million was recorded in cost of sales and $10 million was recorded in selling and administrative expenses. these were costs related to the company's actions to reduce its workforce to align with customer demand. additionally, the company incurred approximately $4 million in incremental costs related to the pandemic that are not expected to recur once the pandemic has subsided and are clearly separable from normal operations (e.g., additional cleaning and disinfecting of facilities by contractors above and beyond normal requirements, personal protective equipment).
as of september 30, 2021, the restructuring accrual associated with the costs incurred in response to the covid-19 pandemic was approximately $19 million. in fiscal 2022, the company may incur additional restructuring and incremental costs related to the covid-19 pandemic though at a reduced level in comparison to fiscal 2021 and 2020.
ebitda                                                                     $2,027                                (3)                  $2,052                               (3)
ebitda as defined                                                          $2,189              (3)        45.6     %                  $2,278             (3)        44.6     %
(1)net income applicable to td group common stockholders represents net income attributable to td group less special dividends declared or paid on participating securities, including dividend equivalent payments of $73 million and $185 million for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020.
(3)refer to "non-gaap financial measures" in this discussion and analysis for additional information and limitations regarding these non-gaap financial measures, including a reconciliation to the comparable gaap financial measure.
fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2020
•net sales. net organic sales and acquisition and divestiture sales and the related dollar and percentage changes for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (amounts in millions):
acquisition and divestiture sales                     278            203                                       75                        1.4                    %
organic sales represent sales from existing businesses owned by the company, excluding sales from acquisitions and divestitures. acquisition sales represent sales from acquired businesses for the period up to one year subsequent to their respective acquisition date. divestiture sales represent sales from businesses divested in fiscal 2021. acquisition and divestiture sales are excluded from organic sales due to the variability in the nature, timing and extent of acquisitions and divestitures and resulting variable impact on underlying trends.
the increase in acquisition and divestiture sales for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 is primarily attributable to the acquisition of cobham aero connectivity ("cac") in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 and the divestitures of scioteq and treality simulation visual systems ("scioteq and treality") and technical airborne components ("tac"), all of which were completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2021. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further information on the businesses acquired and divested by the company in fiscal years 2020 and 2021.
•cost of sales and gross profit. cost of sales decreased by $171 million, or 7.0%, to $2,285 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 compared to $2,456 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020. cost of sales and the related percentage of net sales for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (amounts in millions):
inventory acquisition accounting adjustments                     6                                         -                             6                        100.0    %
acquisition integration costs                                    4                                        10                           (6)                       (60.0)    %
gross profit                                                $2,513                                    $2,647                        $(134)                        (5.1)    %
gross profit percentage                                       52.4        %                             51.9        %
gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased by 0.5 percentage points to 52.4% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 from 51.9% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020. in addition to the factors summarized above, the increase in the gross profit percentage is primarily driven by the realization of the cost mitigation measures that began to be enacted in the second half of fiscal 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic. the material cost mitigation measures enacted are described in note 1, "description of the business and impact of covid-19 pandemic," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. partially offsetting were higher material costs due to inflationary effects and shortages in the global supply chain for certain raw materials and component parts. also partially offsetting were fixed overhead costs spread over a lower production volume during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021.
acquisition and divestiture transaction-related expenses                       15                                         1                          14                   1,400.0    %
acquisition integration costs                                                  10                                        20                        (10)                    (50.0)    %
the decrease in total selling and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 is primarily due to the realization of the cost mitigation measures that began to be enacted in the second half of fiscal 2020 in response to the covid-19 pandemic, partially offset by the other factors summarized above. the material cost mitigation measures enacted are described in note 1, "description of the business and impact of covid-19 pandemic," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein. the increase in non-cash stock compensation expense is attributable to the new stock option grants awarded in fiscal 2021 and the impact of the black-scholes fair value on certain fiscal 2021 stock option grant modifications and on the fiscal 2020 grants in connection with the change in vesting terms approved by the compensation committee of the board of directors in the first quarter of fiscal 2021. the decrease in bad debt expense for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 is primarily driven by a decrease in estimated losses from certain commercial aerospace customers that were more adversely affected by the covid-19 pandemic.
•amortization of intangible assets. amortization of intangible assets was $137 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 compared to $169 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020. the decrease in amortization expense of $32 million was primarily due to the amortization expense on sales order backlog recorded in fiscal 2020 in connection with the acquisition of esterline that did not occur in fiscal 2021 as sales order backlog was fully amortized by the end of fiscal 2020. this was partially offset by amortization expense on intangible assets related to the cac acquisition in the second quarter of fiscal 2021.
•interest expense-net. interest expense-net includes interest on borrowings outstanding, amortization of debt issuance costs, original issue discount and premium, revolving credit facility fees and interest on finance leases; slightly offset by interest income. interest expense-net increased $30 million, or 2.9%, to $1,059 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 from $1,029 million for the comparable period in the prior year. the increase in interest expense-net was primarily due to an increase in the weighted average level of outstanding borrowings, which was approximately $20.0 billion for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 compared to approximately $19.1 billion for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020. the weighted average interest rate for cash interest payments on total borrowings outstanding for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was 5.03%.
•other income. other income of $51 million was recorded for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 compared to $46 million recorded for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020. other income for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was primarily driven by $24 million recorded for the settlement of the insurance claim for leach international europe's niort, france operating facility fire in august 2019. this primarily represents the insurance proceeds received in excess of the carrying value of the damaged fixed assets and inventory and proceeds from the business interruption settlement. the remaining $27 million is primarily driven by non-service related components of net periodic benefit costs on the company's defined benefit pension plans ($14 million), receipt of payment of canadian governmental subsidies ($7 million) and the release of a litigation reserve ($3 million). other income for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 was primarily driven by proceeds or proceeds receivable from business interruption insurance settlements ($34 million) and non-service related components of net periodic benefit costs on the company's defined benefit pension plans ($12 million).
•gain on sale of businesses-net. gain on sale of businesses-net of $69 million was recorded for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, and is primarily related to the net gain on sale recognized during the third quarter of fiscal 2021 as a result of the scioteq and treality and tac divestitures. there was no gain on sale of businesses-net recorded for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020.
•income taxes. income tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes was approximately 4.7% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 compared to 11.7% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020. the company's lower effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021 was primarily due to the company's ability to utilize its net interest deduction limitation carryforward pursuant to irc section 163(j) resulting in the release of the valuation allowance applicable to such carryforward and the discrete impact of excess tax benefits associated with share-based compensation.
net sales for the power & control segment decreased $145 million, a decrease of 5.4%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. the sales decrease resulted primarily from decreases in organic sales in commercial oem ($101 million, a decrease of 18.5%) and commercial aftermarket ($81 million, a decrease of 12.7%); partially offset by an increase in organic defense sales ($44 million, an increase of 3.2%). the decreases in commercial oem and commercial aftermarket sales are attributable to the covid-19 pandemic and its adverse impact on the commercial aerospace sector, particularly in the first half of fiscal 2021, and build rate reductions by aircraft oems. the increase in defense sales is primarily attributable to the rebound in demand from the temporary pandemic-induced decline for certain platforms in fiscal 2020. the change in acquisition and divestiture sales was immaterial for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021.
net sales for the airframe segment decreased $170 million, a decrease of 7.5%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. the sales decrease resulted primarily from decreases in organic sales in commercial oem ($214 million, a decrease of 31.8%) and commercial aftermarket ($151 million, a decrease of 23.4%); partially offset by an increase in organic defense sales ($72 million, an increase of 10.4%). the decreases in commercial oem and commercial aftermarket sales are attributable to the covid-19 pandemic and its adverse impact on the commercial aerospace sector, particularly in the first half of fiscal 2021. the increase in defense sales is primarily attributable to the rebound in demand from the temporary pandemic-induced decline for certain platforms in fiscal 2020. acquisition and divestiture sales increased $85 million, primarily due to the acquisition of cac in the second quarter of fiscal 2021.
net sales for the non-aviation segment increased by $10 million, an increase of 6.5%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. the sales increase resulted primarily from an increase in organic sales in non-aerospace ($21 million, an increase of 18.7%). acquisition and divestiture sales decreased by $9 million.
•ebitda as defined. refer to the "non-gaap financial measures" section within item 7 for further information on ebitda as defined. ebitda as defined by segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 were as follows (amounts in millions):
organic ebitda as defined represents ebitda as defined from existing businesses owned by the company as of september 30, 2021, excluding ebitda as defined from acquisitions and divestitures. ebitda as defined from acquisitions and divestitures represents ebitda as defined from acquired businesses up to one year subsequent to the respective acquisition date and from businesses divested by the company during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021.
ebitda as defined for the power & control segment decreased approximately $26 million, a decrease of 1.9%, primarily as a result of lower organic sales in the commercial oem market and commercial aftermarket due to the covid-19 pandemic and its adverse impact on the commercial aerospace sector, particularly in the first half of fiscal 2021, and build rate reductions by aircraft oems. the change in ebitda as defined for the power & control segment from acquisitions and divestitures was immaterial for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021.
ebitda as defined for the airframe segment decreased approximately $77 million, a decrease of 8.1%, primarily as a result of lower organic sales in the commercial oem market and commercial aftermarket due to the covid-19 pandemic and its adverse impact on the commercial aerospace sector, particularly in the first half of fiscal 2021, and build rate reductions by aircraft oems. ebitda as defined for the airframe segment from acquisitions and divestitures increased by $27 million, primarily due to the acquisition of cac in the second quarter of fiscal 2021.
ebitda as defined for the non-aviation segment increased approximately $8 million, an increase of 14.8%, primarily as a result of favorable organic sales mix specifically from other non-aerospace sales. the change in ebitda as defined for the non-aviation segment from acquisitions and divestitures was immaterial for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021.
fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2019
for our results of operations for fiscal 2020 compared with fiscal 2019, refer to the discussion in item 7. "management's discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations" of form 10-k for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, as filed with the securities and exchange commission on november 12, 2020.
liquidity and capital resources the following table presents selected balance sheet, cash flow and other financial data relevant to the liquidity or capital resources of the company for the periods specified below (in millions):
working capital                                                                     5,367                           5,344
td group stockholders' deficit                                                    (2,916)                         (3,972)
operating activities                                                 $913             913                           1,213
investing activities                                                (785)           (785)                             799
financing activities                                                 (70)            (70)                           1,230
capital expenditures                                                  105             105                             105
(1)includes debt issuance costs and original issue discount and premiums. reference note 12, "debt," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for additional information.
we have historically maintained a capital structure comprising a mix of equity and debt financing. we vary our leverage both to optimize our equity return and to pursue acquisitions. we expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt.
if the company has excess cash, it generally prioritizes allocating the excess cash in the following manner: (1) capital spending at existing businesses, (2) acquisitions of businesses, (3) payment of a special dividend and/or repurchases of our common stock and (4) prepayment of indebtedness or repurchase of debt. whether the company undertakes common stock repurchases or other aforementioned activities will depend on prevailing market conditions, the company's liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amounts involved may be material. in addition, the company may issue additional debt if prevailing market conditions are favorable to doing so.
the company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. this is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond its control, including the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
the company is continuing to strategically manage the company's cash and cash equivalents in response to the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and related uncertainty of the duration and impact of the pandemic on the company's business in fiscal 2022 and beyond. for instance, due to favorable market conditions in the high yield bond market, the company refinanced $1,950 of its senior subordinated notes in fiscal 2021 resulting in a reduced interest rate (estimated $35 million reduction in annual interest payments) and an extended maturity date.
as of september 30, 2021, the company has significant cash liquidity as illustrated in the table presented below (in millions):
availability on revolving credit facility (1)         529
cash liquidity                                                              $5,316
(1)on october 6, 2021, the company repaid $200 million drawn on the revolving credit facility using existing cash on hand, increasing the borrowings available under the revolving credit facility to $728.9 million.
we believe our significant cash liquidity will allow us to meet our anticipated funding requirements. we expect to meet our short-term cash liquidity requirements (including interest obligations and capital expenditures) through net cash from operating activities, cash on hand and, if needed, additional draws on the revolving credit facility. long-term cash liquidity requirements consist primarily of obligations under our long-term debt agreements. there is no maturity on any tranche of term loans or notes until august 2024.
in connection with the continued application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers), we expect our efforts will continue to generate strong margins and provide sufficient cash provided by operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. we believe our cash provided by operating activities and available borrowing capacity will enable us to make strategic business acquisitions (such as the cac acquisition completed in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 for an enterprise value of $965 million using existing cash on hand), pay dividends to our shareholders and make opportunistic investments in our own stock, subject to any restrictions in our existing credit agreement and market conditions in consideration of the ongoing covid-19 pandemic.
in the future, the company may increase its borrowings in connection with acquisitions, if cash flow from operating activities becomes insufficient to fund current operations or for other short-term cash needs or for stock repurchases or dividends. our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets.
operating activities. the company generated $913 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2021 compared to $1,213 million during fiscal 2020. the change from prior year is primarily driven by changes in working capital as further described below.
the change in trade accounts receivable during fiscal 2021 was a use of cash of $78 million in cash compared to a source of cash of $352 million in fiscal 2020. the increase in the use of cash of $430 million is primarily attributable to the decrease in accounts receivable from lower sales due to the covid-19 pandemic. the company continues to actively manage its accounts receivable, the related agings and collection efforts in response to the covid-19 pandemic.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $785 million during fiscal 2021, consisting primarily of $945 million from the acquisition of cac in the second quarter of fiscal 2021 and capital expenditures of $105 million. this was partially offset by proceeds of $259 million from the completion of the divestitures of certain businesses, and $24 million of insurance proceeds received from the leach international europe facility fire claim. the company estimates its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2022 to be between $135 million and $155 million with the increase from prior year attributable to projects that were delayed into fiscal 2022 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic. the company's capital expenditures incurred from year-to-year are primarily for projects that are consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers).
financing activities. net cash used in financing activities during fiscal 2021 was $70 million. the use of cash was primarily attributable to the redemptions of the 2024 notes and 2025 notes for $1,220 million and $762 million, respectively, repayment on term loans of $75 million and dividend equivalent payments of $73 million. this was partially offset by $1,189 million in net proceeds from the completion of the 4.625% 2029 notes offering, $743 million in net proceeds from the completion of the 4.875% 2029 notes offering and $128 million in proceeds from stock option exercises.
description of senior secured term loans and indentures senior secured credit facilities transdigm has $7,374 million in fully drawn term loans (the "term loans facility") and a $760 million revolving credit facility. the term loans facility consists of three tranches of term loans as follows (aggregate principal amount disclosed is as of september 30, 2021):
term loans facility             aggregate principal   maturity date           interest rate tranche e                            $2,177 million   may 30, 2025            libor + 2.25%
the term loans facility requires quarterly aggregate principal payments of $18.8 million. the revolving credit facility consists of two tranches which include up to $151.5 million of multicurrency revolving credit. at september 30, 2021, the company had $31 million in letters of credit outstanding, $200 million drawn and outstanding, and $529 million in borrowings available under the revolving credit facility. on october 6, 2021, the company repaid the $200 million drawn using existing cash on hand.
the interest rates per annum applicable to the loans under the credit agreement are, at transdigm's option, equal to either an alternate base rate or an adjusted libor for one, two, three or six-month (or to the extent agreed to by each relevant lender, nine or twelve-month) interest periods chosen by transdigm, in each case plus an applicable margin percentage. the adjusted libor related to tranche e, tranche f and tranche g term loans are not subject to a floor. for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021, the applicable interest rate was approximately 2.33% on the existing term loans. interest rate swaps and caps used to hedge and offset, respectively, the variable interest rates on the credit facility are described in note 21, "derivatives and hedging activities," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
fiscal 2021 amendment to the credit agreement on may 24, 2021, the company entered into amendment no. 8 and loan modification agreement (herein, "amendment no. 8"). under the terms of amendment no. 8, the company, among other things, (i) extends the maturity date of the revolving credit commitments and revolving loans under its existing credit agreement to may 24, 2026, and (ii) the libor interest rate per annum applicable to the revolving loans under its existing credit agreement is 2.50%, a decrease from the 3.00% rate that applied previous to the amendment. the other terms and conditions that apply to the revolving loans are substantially the same as the terms and conditions that applied to the revolving loans immediately prior to amendment no. 8.
description        aggregate principal   maturity date                interest rate
the 6.375% 2026 notes, the 7.50% 2027 notes, the 5.50% 2027 notes, the 4.625% 2029 notes and the 4.875% 2029 notes (collectively, the "transdigm inc. notes") were issued at a price of 100% of the principal amount. the 6.875% 2026 notes (the "transdigm uk notes" and together with the transdigm inc. notes, the "notes," are further described below) offered in may 2018 were issued at a price of 99.24% of the principal amount, resulting in gross proceeds of $496.2 million. the 2025 secured notes (the "secured notes") were issued at a price 100% of the principal amount. the initial $3,800 million offering of the 2026 secured notes (the "secured notes") were issued at a price of 100% of their principal amount and the subsequent $200 million and $400 million offerings of the 2026 secured notes in the second quarter of fiscal 2019 and the third quarter of fiscal 2020, respectively, were issued at a price of 101% of their principal amount, resulting in gross proceeds of $4,410.5 million.
the notes do not require principal payments prior to their maturity. interest under the notes is payable semi-annually. the notes represent our unsecured obligations ranking subordinate to our senior debt, as defined in the applicable indentures. the notes contain many of the restrictive covenants included in the credit agreement. transdigm is in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the notes.
guarantor information the notes are subordinated to all of our existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of our existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of our future debt that is expressly subordinated to the notes. the transdigm inc. notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior subordinated unsecured basis by td group and transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries. the transdigm uk notes are guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by transdigm inc., td group and transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries. the guarantees of the notes are subordinated to all of the guarantors' existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of their existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of their future debt that is expressly subordinated to the guarantees of the notes. the notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of td group's non-guarantor subsidiaries.
the secured notes are senior secured obligations of transdigm and rank equally in right of payment with all of transdigm's existing and future senior secured debt, including indebtedness under transdigm's existing senior secured credit facilities, and are senior in right of payment to all of transdigm's existing and future senior subordinated debt, including the notes, transdigm's other outstanding senior subordinated notes and transdigm's guarantees in respect of transdigm uk's outstanding senior subordinated notes. the secured notes are guaranteed on a senior secured basis by td group, transdigm uk and transdigm's wholly-owned u.s. subsidiaries named in the secured notes indentures. the guarantees of the secured notes rank equally in right of payment with all of the guarantors' existing and future senior secured debt and are senior in right of payment to all of their existing and future senior subordinated debt. the secured notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of transdigm's non-guarantor subsidiaries. the secured notes contain many of the restrictive covenants included in the credit agreement. transdigm is in compliance with all of the covenants contained in the secured notes.
separate financial statements of transdigm inc. are not presented because the secured notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by td group, transdigm uk and all of transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries. td group has no significant operations or assets separate from its investment in transdigm inc.
separate financial statements of transdigm inc. are not presented because the transdigm inc. notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by td group, transdigm uk and all of transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries. td group has no significant operations or assets separate from its investment in transdigm inc.
separate financial statements of transdigm uk are not presented because transdigm uk's 6.875% 2026 notes, issued in may 2018, are fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior subordinated basis by td group, transdigm inc. and all of transdigm inc.'s domestic restricted subsidiaries. td group has no significant operations or assets separate from its investment in transdigm inc.
the financial information presented is that of td group and the guarantors, which includes transdigm inc. and transdigm uk, on a combined basis and the financial information of non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries has been excluded. intercompany balances and transactions between td group and guarantors have been eliminated, and amounts due from, amounts due to, and transactions with non-issuer and non-guarantor subsidiaries have been presented separately.
current liabilities                                                                           1,019
non-current liabilities                                                                      20,156
certain restrictive covenants in our debt documents the credit agreement and the indentures governing the notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the payment of special dividends, transactions with affiliates, asset sales, acquisitions, mergers and consolidations, liens and encumbrances, and prepayments of certain other indebtedness.
the restrictive covenants included in the credit agreement are subject to amendments executed periodically. the most recent amendment that impacted the restrictive covenants contained in the credit agreement is amendment no. 7.
under the terms of the credit agreement, transdigm is entitled, on one or more occasions, to request additional term loans or additional revolving commitments to the extent that the existing or new lenders agree to provide such incremental term loans or additional revolving commitments provided that, among other conditions, our consolidated net leverage ratio would be no greater than 7.25x and the consolidated secured net debt ratio would be no greater than 5.00x, in each case, after giving effect to such incremental term loans or additional revolving commitments.
if any such default occurs, the lenders under the credit agreement and the holders of the notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under the credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. in addition, following an event of default under the credit agreement, the lenders thereunder will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the notes.
with the exception of the revolving credit facility, the company has no maintenance covenants in its existing term loan and indenture agreements. under the credit agreement, if the usage of the revolving credit facility exceeds 35%, or $266 million, of the total revolving commitments, the company is required to maintain a maximum consolidated net leverage ratio of net debt to trailing four-quarter ebitda as defined of 7.25x as of the last day of the fiscal quarter.
as of september 30, 2021, the company was in compliance with all of its debt covenants and expects to remain in compliance with its debt covenants in subsequent periods.
trade receivables securitization during fiscal 2014, the company established a trade receivable securitization facility (the "securitization facility"). the securitization facility effectively increases the company's borrowing capacity depending on the amount of the domestic operations' trade accounts receivable. the securitization facility includes the right for the company to exercise annual one year extensions as long as there have been no termination events as defined by the agreement. the company uses the proceeds from the securitization facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs.
on july 27, 2021, the company amended the securitization facility to, among other things, (i) extend the maturity date to july 26, 2022, and (ii) bear interest at a rate of 1.20% plus three month libor, compared to the interest rate of 1.35% plus 0.50% or three-month libor, whichever is greater, that applied prior to the amendment. the securitization facility is collateralized by substantially all of the company's domestic operations' trade accounts receivable. as of september 30, 2021, the company has borrowed $350 million under the securitization facility, which is fully drawn.
dividend and dividend equivalent payments no dividends were declared or paid in fiscal 2021. we do not anticipate declaring regular quarterly or annual cash dividends on our common stock in the near future. any declaration of special cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions under the senior secured credit facility and indentures, the availability of surplus under delaware law and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. td group is a holding company and conducts all of its operations through direct and indirect subsidiaries. unless td group receives dividends, distributions, advances, transfers of funds or other payments from our subsidiaries, td group will be unable to pay any dividends on our common stock in the future. the ability of any subsidiaries to take any of the foregoing actions is limited by the terms of our senior secured credit facility and indentures and may be limited by future debt or other agreements that we may enter into.
dividend equivalent payments made in fiscal 2021 were $73 million. pursuant to the third amended and restated transdigm group incorporated 2003 stock option plan dividend equivalent plan, the second amended and restated transdigm group incorporated 2006 stock incentive plan dividend equivalent plan and the 2014 stock option plan dividend equivalent plan, all of the options granted under the existing stock option plans are entitled to certain dividend equivalent payments in the event of the declaration of a dividend by the company.
stock repurchase program on november 8, 2017, our board of directors, authorized a stock repurchase program permitting repurchases of our outstanding shares not to exceed $650 million in the aggregate, subject to any restrictions specified in the credit agreement and/or indentures governing the existing notes.
no repurchases were made under the program during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2021. during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020, the company repurchased 36,900 shares of its common stock at a gross cost of $18.9 million at the weighted average cost of $512.67 under the repurchase program. as of september 30, 2021, the remaining amount of repurchases allowable under the program was $631.1 million subject to any restrictions specified in the credit agreement and/or indentures governing the existing notes.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table summarizes the company's cash requirements from all significant contractual obligations as of september 30, 2021 (in millions):
securitization facility                                              350                  350                             -                             -                             -
revolving credit facility (5)                                        200                    -                             -                           200                             -
(1)represents principal maturities which excludes interest, debt issuance costs, original issue discount and premiums.
(3)assumes that the variable interest rate on our tranche e, tranche f and tranche g term loans under our senior secured term loans range from approximately 2.38% to 3.94% based on anticipated movements in the libor. in addition, interest payments include the impact of the existing interest rate swap and cap agreements described in note 21, "derivatives and hedging activities," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
(4)represents future benefit payments expected to be paid from the pension and post-retirement benefit plans or from the company's assets. expected benefit payments in fiscal year 2022 primarily relates to the termination of the esterline retirement plan ("erp"), effective june 30, 2021. the company anticipates the termination process to be completed within the next 12 months, with the erp expected to be fully liquidated by the end of fiscal year 2022.
(5)on october 6, 2021, the company repaid the $200 million drawn on the revolving credit facility using existing cash on hand.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company utilizes letters of credit to back certain payment and performance obligations. letters of credit are subject to limits based on amounts outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility. as of september 30, 2021, the company had $31 million in letters of credit outstanding.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with u.s. gaap, which often requires the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. management believes that the quality and reasonableness of our most critical policies enable the fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations. however, investors are cautioned that the sensitivity of financial statements to these methods, assumptions and estimates could create materially different results under different conditions or using different assumptions.
below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. for additional significant accounting policies, see note 3, "summary of significant accounting policies," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein.
revenue recognition - revenue is recognized from the sale of products when control transfers to the customer, which is demonstrated by our right to payment, a transfer of title, a transfer of the risk and rewards of ownership, or the customer acceptance, but most frequently upon shipment where the customer obtains physical possession of the goods. the majority of the company's revenue is recorded at a point in time. sales recognized over time are generally accounted for using an input measure to determine progress completed at the end of the period. sales for service contracts generally are recognized as the services are provided. for agreements with multiple performance obligations, judgment is required to determine whether performance obligations specified in these agreements are distinct and should be accounted for as separate revenue transactions for recognition purposes based on the standalone selling price of each performance obligation. the primary method used to estimate a standalone selling price is the price observed in standalone sales to customers for the same product or service. we consider the contractual consideration payable by the customer and assesses variable consideration that may affect the total transaction price. variable consideration is included in the estimated transaction price when there is a basis to reasonably estimate the amount, including whether the estimate should be constrained in order to avoid a significant reversal of revenue in a future period. these estimates are based on historical experience, anticipated performance under the terms of the contract and our best judgment at the time.
inventories - inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. cost of inventories is generally determined by the average cost and the first-in, first-out ("fifo") methods and includes material, labor and overhead related to the manufacturing process. because the company sells products that are installed on airframes that can be in-service for 25 or more years, it must keep a supply of such products on hand while the airframes are in use. where management estimated that the net realizable value was below cost or determined that future demand was lower than current inventory levels, based on historical experience, current and projected market demand, current and projected volume trends and other relevant current and projected factors associated with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost to estimated net realizable value was made by recording a provision included in cost of sales. additionally, management believes that the company's estimates of excess and obsolete inventory are reasonable and material changes in future estimates or assumptions used to calculate our estimate is unlikely. however, actual results may differ materially from the estimates and additional provisions may be required in the future. a 10% change in our excess and obsolete inventory reserve at september 30, 2021 would not have a material impact on our results. in accordance with industry practice, all inventories are classified as current assets as all inventories are available and necessary to support current sales, even though a portion of the inventories may not be sold within one year.
goodwill and other intangible assets - in accordance with asc 805, "business combinations," the company uses the acquisition method of accounting to allocate costs of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values at the dates of acquisition. the excess costs of acquired businesses over the fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recognized as goodwill. the valuations of the acquired assets and liabilities will impact the determination of future operating results. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, revenue growth rates and ebitda margins, discount rates, customer attrition rates, royalty rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. we determine the fair values of intangible assets acquired generally in consultation with third-party valuation advisors. fair value adjustments to the company's assets and liabilities are recognized and the results of operations of the acquired business are included in our consolidated financial statements from the effective date of the merger or acquisition.
intangible assets other than goodwill are recognized if the benefit of the intangible asset is obtained through contractual or other legal rights, or if the intangible asset can be sold, transferred, licensed or exchanged, regardless of the company's intent to do so. goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are recorded at their estimated fair value on the date of acquisition and are reviewed at least annually for impairment based on cash flow projections and fair value estimates.
u.s. gaap requires that the annual, and any interim, goodwill impairment assessment be performed at the reporting unit level. the reporting unit level is one level below an operating segment. substantially all goodwill was determined and recognized for each reporting unit pursuant to the accounting for the merger or acquisition as of the date of each transaction. with respect to acquisitions integrated into an existing reporting unit, any acquired goodwill is combined with the goodwill of the reporting unit.
at the time of goodwill impairment testing, the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, and whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. the quantitative test is required only if the company concludes that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, or if the company elects not to perform a qualitative assessment of a reporting unit. for the quantitative test, management determines the estimated fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each reporting unit. if the calculated estimated fair value is less than the current carrying value, impairment of goodwill of the reporting unit may exist. the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model to determine estimated fair value is common practice in impairment testing. the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing includes discount rates, revenue growth rates and ebitda margins, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. discount rates are set by using the weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") methodology. the wacc methodology considers market and industry data as well as company specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. the discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business.
management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates, sales projections and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. terminal value rate determination follows a common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates.
management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the asset level, as determined by appropriate asset valuation at the time of acquisition. the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a comparison between the estimated fair values and carrying values. if the carrying amounts of intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives exceed their estimated fair values, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to the difference. management utilizes the royalty savings valuation method to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset. in this method, management estimates the royalty savings arising from the ownership of the intangible asset. the key assumptions used in estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, sales projections and terminal value rates. discount rates used are similar to the rates developed by the wacc methodology considering any differences in company-specific risk factors between reporting units and the indefinite-lived intangible assets. royalty rates are established by management with the advice of valuation experts. management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections for each significant intangible asset. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates.
the discounted cash flow and royalty savings valuation methodologies require management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuations are performed. actual results could differ from these assumptions. management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering the current economic conditions.
given the continued adverse global economic and market conditions attributable to the covid-19 pandemic, particularly as it pertains to the commercial aerospace sector, the company continues to monitor for any indicators of impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. for certain reporting units that have higher commercial aerospace content and potentially present a higher risk for impairment, the company performed a quantitative impairment test using an income approach in the prior year annual impairment assessment. in the second quarter of fiscal 2021, the company reviewed the key assumptions used within the models to identify if any changes were necessary. key assumptions reviewed included revenue growth rates and ebitda margins, available industry data and management's determination of the prospective financial information with consideration of the estimated length of time for the commercial aerospace sector to rebound to pre-pandemic levels. the company also utilized a third party valuation firm to assist in the determination of the wacc. as a result of the interim impairment testing performed as of april 3, 2021, no goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets were determined to be impaired. we updated our assessment during the third quarter of fiscal 2021 and validated that the assumptions used in the analyses performed as of april 3, 2021 and the resulting conclusions remain appropriate as of july 3, 2021.
the company had 46 reporting units with goodwill and 43 reporting units with indefinite-lived intangible assets as of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2021, the date of the annual impairment test. based on its initial qualitative assessment over each of the reporting units, the company identified 16 reporting units to test for impairment using a quantitative test for both goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. the estimated fair value of each of these reporting units was in excess of its respective carrying value, and therefore, no impairment was recorded on goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets. the company performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is a significant assumption in the calculation of fair values. with a one percentage point increase in the discount rate, all of the reporting units would continue to have fair values in excess of their respective carrying values.
stock-based compensation - the cost of the company's stock-based compensation is recorded in accordance with asc 718, "stock compensation." the company uses a black-scholes pricing model to estimate the grant-date fair value of the stock options awarded. the black-scholes pricing model requires assumptions regarding the expected volatility of the company's common shares, the risk-free interest rate, the expected life of the stock options award and the company's dividend yield. the company utilizes historical data in determining the assumptions. an increase or decrease in the assumptions or economic events outside of management's control could have an impact on the black-scholes pricing model. the company estimates stock option forfeitures based on historical data. the total number of stock options expected to vest is adjusted by actual and estimated forfeitures. changes to the actual and estimated forfeitures will result in a cumulative adjustment in the period of change. the company also evaluates any subsequent changes to the respective option holders terms under the modification rules of asc 718. if determined to be a modification, the black-scholes pricing model is updated as of the date of the modification resulting in a cumulative catch-up to expense.
income taxes - the company estimates income taxes in each jurisdiction in which it operates. this involves estimating taxable earnings, specific taxable and deductible items, the likelihood of generating sufficient future taxable income to utilize deferred tax assets and possible exposures related to future tax audits. to the extent these estimates change, adjustments to deferred and accrued income taxes are made in the period in which the changes occur. historically, such adjustments have not been significant.
non-gaap financial measures we present below certain financial information based on our ebitda and ebitda as defined. references to "ebitda" mean earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and references to "ebitda as defined" mean ebitda plus, as applicable for each relevant period, certain adjustments as set forth in the reconciliations of income from continuing operations to ebitda and ebitda as defined and the reconciliations of net cash provided by operating activities to ebitda and ebitda as defined presented below.
neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined is a measurement of financial performance under u.s. gaap. we present ebitda and ebitda as defined because we believe they are useful indicators for evaluating operating performance and liquidity.
our management believes that ebitda and ebitda as defined are useful as indicators of liquidity because securities analysts, investors, rating agencies and others use ebitda to evaluate a company's ability to incur and service debt. in addition, ebitda as defined is useful to investors because the revolving credit facility under our senior secured credit facility requires compliance under certain circumstances, on a pro forma basis, with a financial covenant that measures the ratio of the amount of our secured indebtedness to the amount of our consolidated ebitda defined in the same manner as we define ebitda as defined herein.
in addition to the above, our management uses ebitda as defined to review and assess the performance of the management team in connection with employee incentive programs and to prepare its annual budget and financial projections. moreover, our management uses ebitda as defined to evaluate acquisitions.
although we use ebitda and ebitda as defined as measures to assess the performance of our business and for the other purposes set forth above, the use of these non-gaap financial measures as analytical tools has limitations, and you should not consider any of them in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results of operations as reported in accordance with u.s. gaap. some of these limitations are:
•neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined reflects the significant interest expense, or the cash requirements, necessary to service interest payments on our indebtedness;
•although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined reflects any cash requirements for such replacements;
•the omission of the substantial amortization expense associated with our intangible assets further limits the usefulness of ebitda and ebitda as defined;
•neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined includes the payment of taxes, which is a necessary element of our operations; and
•ebitda as defined excludes the cash expense we have incurred to integrate acquired businesses into our operations, which is a necessary element of certain of our acquisitions.
because of these limitations, ebitda and ebitda as defined should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. management compensates for these limitations by not viewing ebitda or ebitda as defined in isolation and specifically by using other u.s. gaap measures, such as net income, net sales and operating profit, to measure our operating performance. neither ebitda nor ebitda as defined is a measurement of financial performance under u.s. gaap, and neither should be considered as an alternative to net income or cash flow from operations determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. our calculation of ebitda and ebitda as defined may not be comparable to the calculation of similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of income from continuing operations to ebitda and ebitda as defined (in millions):
ebitda                                                                   2,027                               2,052
inventory acquisition accounting adjustments (1)                             6                                   -
acquisition integration costs (2)                                           14                                  30
acquisition and divestiture transaction-related expenses (3)                15                                   1
ebitda as defined                                                       $2,189                              $2,278
(1)represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when the inventory was sold.
(2)represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into td group's operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs.
(3)represents transaction-related costs for both acquisitions and divestitures comprising deal fees, legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred.
(5)represents costs expensed related to debt financing activities, including new issuances, extinguishments, refinancings and amendments to existing agreements.
(6)represents restructuring costs related to the company's cost reduction measures in response to the covid-19 pandemic for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 of $36 million and $46 million, respectively, and also includes restructuring costs related to the 737 max production rate change for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 of $3 million. these are costs related to the company's actions to reduce its workforce and consolidate certain facilities to align with customer demand. this also includes incremental costs related to the pandemic for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 of $4 million and $5 million, respectively, which are not expected to recur once the pandemic has subsided and are clearly separable from normal operations (e.g., additional cleaning and disinfecting of facilities by contractors above and beyond normal requirements, personal protective equipment).
(7)represents the net gain on completed divestitures. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further details.
(8)primarily represents the gain on insurance proceeds from the leach international europe facility fire (refer to note 15, "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further details), foreign currency transaction gain or loss, payroll withholding taxes related to special dividend and dividend equivalent payments and stock option exercises, non-service related pension costs, deferred compensation and gain or loss on sale of fixed assets.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to ebitda and ebitda as defined (in millions):
net cash provided by operating activities                                                               $913                              $1,213
changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions and sales of businesses               97                               (168)
income tax (benefit) provision - current                                                                   -                                  63
ebitda                                                                                                 2,027                               2,052
inventory acquisition accounting adjustments (5)                                                           6                                   -
acquisition integration costs (6)                                                                         14                                  30
acquisition and divestiture transaction-related expenses (7)                                              15                                   1
ebitda as defined                                                                                     $2,189                              $2,278
(3)represents costs expensed related to debt financing activities, including new issuances, extinguishments, refinancings and amendments to existing agreements.
(4)represents the net gain on completed divestitures. refer to note 2, "acquisitions and divestitures," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further details.
(5)represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when the inventory was sold.
(6)represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into td group's operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs.
(7)represents transaction-related costs for both acquisitions and divestitures comprising deal fees, legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses, and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred.
(8)represents restructuring costs related to the company's cost reduction measures in response to the covid-19 pandemic for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 of $36 million and $46 million, respectively, and also includes restructuring costs related to the 737 max production rate change for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2020 of $3 million. these are costs related to the company's actions to reduce its workforce and consolidate certain facilities to align with customer demand. this also includes incremental costs related to the pandemic for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2021 and 2020 of $4 million and $5 million, respectively, which are not expected to recur once the pandemic has subsided and are clearly separable from normal operations (e.g., additional cleaning and disinfecting of facilities by contractors above and beyond normal requirements, personal protective equipment).
(9)primarily represents the gain on insurance proceeds from the leach international europe facility fire (refer to note 15, "commitments and contingencies" in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for further details), foreign currency transaction gain or loss, payroll withholding taxes related to special dividend and dividend equivalent payments and stock option exercises, non-service related pension costs, deferred compensation and gain or loss on sale of fixed assets.