item 1a.    risk factors this section discusses material factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. it does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. if any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected, and the value of our securities could decline.
as set forth below, we believe that the risks we face generally fall into the following categories:
•risks related to our business operations and strategy
•our capital structure risks
•our legal, compliance and regulatory risks
•our reit status risks risks related to the covid-19 pandemic the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences have materially and negatively impacted our businesses in a number of ways and are expected to continue to do so. for instance, our financial results have been adversely impacted by increased operating costs at our senior housing communities as a result of labor pressures, public health measures and other operational and regulatory dynamics attributable or related to the pandemic and decreased revenues due to a reduction in occupancy in these communities. many of our tenants, managers and borrowers have also incurred significant costs or losses as a result of the pandemic, and may continue to do so, which increases the risk that they are unable to comply with their obligations to us.
we, along with our managers, continue to undertake extensive efforts to ensure the safety of our employees, residents, communities, tenants and buildings, including by coordinating vaccine programs for residents and instituting vaccine requirements for our employees and most employees in our shop portfolio. in some circumstances, these vaccine requirements may make it harder for us to hire employees or may make it more expensive for us to do so. ongoing administration of resident safety programs may contribute to increased labor and other operating costs, including those related to food and wellness services and higher wages from overtime pay.
the effects of shelter-in-place and stay-at-home orders, if re-imposed, and the trend toward increased remote and hybrid work arrangements could strain our business continuity plans, increase operational risk, including cybersecurity risk, and impair our ability to manage our business. as a result of the pandemic, our non-field-based employees have shifted to operating in a primarily fully or partially remote working environment. remote work creates inherent productivity, connectivity and oversight challenges. we may experience increased costs and disruption as we adjust to new or unfamiliar work models. we may face challenges in operating effectively and maintaining our corporate culture.
senior housing communities have been disproportionately impacted by covid-19. lower labor force participation rates and inflationary pressures affecting wages have driven increased labor expenses across senior housing communities, with our tenants, managers and borrowers implementing higher wage rates, more costly overtime and usage of contract labor to address these challenges.  our tenants, managers and borrowers have experienced significant cost increases as a result of increased health and safety measures, increased governmental regulation and compliance, vaccine mandates and other operational changes necessitated either directly or indirectly by the covid-19 pandemic. many of these expenses may remain at these higher levels even if the pandemic subsides. increases in labor or other operating costs would affect the net operating income of our shop segment and could affect the ability of our triple-net tenants to make contractual payments to us, which in turn, could adversely affect our triple-net leased segment.
the ongoing covid-19 pandemic has also, to varying degrees during the course of the pandemic, prevented prospective occupants and their families from visiting our senior housing communities and limited the ability of new occupants to move into our senior housing communities. the ongoing impact of the pandemic on occupancy remains uncertain, especially as new strains of covid-19, such as the delta and omicron variants, arise and spread and clinical trends fluctuate. any decrease in occupancy would affect the net operating income of our shop segment and could affect the ability of our triple-net tenants to make contractual payments to us, which in turn, could adversely affect our triple-net leased segment.
across our asset classes, the ongoing impact of the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences create a heightened risk of tenant, borrower, manager or other obligor bankruptcy or insolvency due to factors such as decreased occupancy, medical practice disruptions resulting from increased hospitalizations or restrictions on elective procedures, increased labor and other operating expenses, difficulty procuring necessary products and services, delays and suspensions in the issuance of permits or other required authorizations and exposure to increased litigation and regulatory risk. various federal, state, local and foreign governments have in the past enacted, and may in the future enact, laws, regulations or moratoriums that limit our ability to terminate a lease, evict a tenant or pursue other remedies where the tenant has been impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. where such laws, regulations or moratoriums are in effect, we may incur significant costs and it may take a significant amount of time to ultimately evict or pursue remedies against a tenant who is not meeting its contractual rent or other obligations.
the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences have impacted the macroeconomic environment and global financial markets in significant ways, including through increased rates of inflation and interest rates and increasing labor pressure. these consequences have adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and that of our tenants, managers and borrowers. see "risks related to our business operations and strategy-macroeconomic trends including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation and rising interest rates may adversely affect our business and financial results," below.
the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences have exacerbated, and may continue to exacerbate, the magnitude of other risks. today, the trajectory and future impact of the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences remains highly uncertain. this uncertainty itself has impacted our business, including our ability to plan for and execute on strategic initiatives, to take defensive or offensive actions to effectively and efficiently manage risk and to manage the dynamic forces of volatile and tightening labor markets.
the extent of the pandemic's continuing effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on a variety of factors, including the rise of new variants of the covid-19 virus and the effectiveness of available vaccines and therapeutics against those variants; the availability and accuracy of testing; the rate of acceptance of available vaccines, vaccine boosters and therapeutics; the speed at which available vaccines, including boosters and updated versions of vaccines, and therapeutics can be successfully deployed; ongoing clinical experience, which may differ considerably across regions and fluctuate over time; the ongoing impact of the pandemic on the macroeconomic environment and global financial markets, including the rate of inflation, interest rates and labor market; and on other future developments, including the ultimate duration, spread and intensity of new outbreaks, the extent to which governments impose, rollback or re-impose preventative restrictions and the availability of ongoing government financial support to our business, tenants, managers and borrowers.
there is a high degree of uncertainty regarding the implementation and impact of the cares act and other pandemic-related legislation and any future covid-19 relief measures. there can be no assurance as to the total amount of financial assistance we or our tenants or borrowers will receive or that we will be able to benefit from provisions intended to increase access to resources and ease regulatory burdens for healthcare providers.
in response to the covid-19 pandemic, the coronavirus aid, relief, and economic security act (the "cares act"), the consolidated appropriations act of 2021 and the american rescue plan act of 2021 authorized a total of $186 billion to be distributed to healthcare providers through the provider relief fund, which is administered by the u.s. health and human services department ("hhs"). these grants are intended to reimburse eligible providers for healthcare-related expenses or lost revenues attributable to covid-19. recipients are not required to repay distributions from the provider relief fund, provided that they attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions, including reporting, record maintenance and audit requirements and not use grants received from the provider relief fund to reimburse expenses or losses that other sources are obligated to reimburse.
hhs began distributing provider relief fund grants in april 2020 and has made grants available to various provider groups in phases. we applied for grants under phase 2, phase 3 and phase 4 of the provider relief fund on behalf of the assisted living communities in our senior living operations segment and may apply for additional grants in the future. while we have received grants from the provider relief fund in the past, there can be no assurance that we will receive additional grants from the provider relief fund or any future source of government funding in the future. any grants that are ultimately received and retained by us are not expected to fully offset the losses incurred in our senior living operating portfolio that are attributable to covid-19. further, although we continue to monitor and evaluate the terms and conditions associated with the provider relief fund distributions, we cannot assure you that we will be in compliance with all requirements related to the payments received under the provider relief fund. if we or any of our tenants fail to comply with all of the terms and conditions, we or they may be required to repay some or all of the grants received and may be subject to other enforcement action, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and financial condition.
there remains a high degree of uncertainty surrounding the continued implementation of the cares act and related legislation. the federal government continues to evaluate its response to the covid-19 pandemic, including whether additional financial measures and related regulations and guidance should be implemented. there can be no assurance that the terms and conditions of the provider relief fund grants or other programs will not change or be interpreted in ways that affect our ability to comply with such terms and conditions (which could affect our ability to retain any grants that we receive), the amount of total financial grants we may ultimately receive or our eligibility to participate in any future funding. we continue to assess the potential impact of the covid-19 pandemic and government responses to the pandemic on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our business operations and strategy macroeconomic trends including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation and rising interest rates may adversely affect our business and financial results.
macroeconomic trends, including rising labor costs and historically low unemployment, increases in inflation and rising interest rates, may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. increased labor costs and shortage of available skilled and unskilled workers may increase the cost of staffing our or our tenants', managers' or borrowers' workforce, including employees at our senior housing communities. to the extent we or our tenants, managers or borrowers cannot hire sufficient workers, we or they may become dependent on high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor. if we are unable to hire and fill necessary positions, our business may suffer or operate below capacity, causing us to forego potential revenue and growth or affecting our ability to effectively manage risk. rising labor expense may result in decreased operating net income.
we and our tenants, managers and borrowers compete with various other companies in attracting and retaining qualified and skilled personnel who are responsible for our day-to-day operations. competitive pressures, including historically low unemployment, may require that we or our tenants, managers and borrowers enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for such personnel or use more costly contract or overtime labor. we may not be able to offset such additional costs by increasing the rates we charge residents and tenants. if there is an increase in these costs or if we fail to attract and retain qualified and skilled personnel, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
many of our costs, including operating and administrative expenses, interest expense and real estate acquisition and construction costs are subject to inflation. these include expenses for property-related contracted services, utilities, repairs and maintenance and insurance and general and administrative costs including compensation costs, technology services and professional service fees. see also "-we may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects.," below. property taxes are also impacted by inflationary changes because taxes in some jurisdictions are regularly reassessed based on changes in the fair value of our properties. we may not be able to offset such additional costs by passing them through, or increasing the rates we charge, to residents and tenants. if there is an increase in these costs, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
macroeconomic conditions and other events or occurrences that affect areas in which our properties are geographically concentrated may impact financial results.
we are exposed to general economic conditions, local, regional, national and international economic conditions and other events and occurrences that affect the markets in which we own properties. our operating performance is impacted by the economic conditions of the specific markets in which we have concentrations of properties and could be adversely affected if conditions become less favorable in any such markets.
a substantial portion of our value is derived from properties in california, new york, texas, pennsylvania and illinois, and as a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real estate conditions, changing demographics, increased construction and competition or decreased demand for our properties, regional climate events and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees. the loss of any one of our key personnel or the inability to maintain appropriate staffing could adversely impact our business.
the success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees and the ability to maintain appropriate staffing levels across our organization. failure to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified employees, or failure to develop and implement a viable succession plan, could result in loss of institutional knowledge or important skills sets or an ineffective culture, significantly impacting our performance and adversely affecting our business.
the historically low unemployment and tight labor market may make it difficult for us to hire skilled and unskilled employees to meet our staffing needs. competition for talented employees is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences could negatively affect the health, availability and productivity of our current personnel and have impacted our ability to recruit and attract new employees and retain current employees, particularly as remote and hybrid work arrangements and their impact on the market for talent remains uncertain. if our long-term compensation and retention plans and succession plans are not effective, if we lose any one or more of our key officers and employees or are unable to maintain appropriate staffing or operate below capacity - causing us to forego potential revenue and growth opportunities and affecting our ability to effectively manage risk - our business could be adversely affected.
our third-party managers and tenants operate or exert substantial control over the properties that they manage for or rent from us, which limits our control and influence over operations and results.
a significant portion of our properties are either managed for us by third-party managers or leased from us by third-party tenants. our third-party managers and tenants are ultimately in control of the day-to-day business of the properties that they manage for or lease from us. we have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of those properties, even though we have approval rights with respect to certain matters and the right to review operational and financial reporting information with respect to a majority of our portfolio. we depend on third parties to operate these properties in a manner that complies with applicable law and regulation, minimizes legal risk and maximizes the value of our investment. the failure by these third parties to operate these properties efficiently and effectively and adequately manage the related risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our operating assets may expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have limited rights to direct or influence the business or operations of the properties in our senior housing operating portfolio. however, as the owner and manager of senior housing properties we are ultimately responsible for all operational risks and other liabilities of such properties, other than those arising out of certain actions by our managers, such as gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. these risks include, and our resulting revenues are impacted by, among other things, fluctuations in occupancy levels, the inability to charge desirable resident fees (including anticipated increases in those fees), increases in the cost of food, materials, energy, labor (as a result of labor shortages, unionization, inflation or otherwise) or other services, rent control regulations, national and regional economic conditions, the imposition of new or increased taxes, capital expenditure requirements, changes in management or equity, accounting misstatements, professional and general liability claims, and the availability and cost of insurance. any one or a combination of these factors could result in deficiencies in our senior living operations segment, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. such operational risks could also arise as a result of our ownership of office buildings, and which could also adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we generally hold the applicable healthcare license and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the properties in our senior living operations segment. this subjects us to potential liability under various healthcare laws and regulations. healthcare laws and regulations are wide-ranging, and noncompliance may result in the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including: the loss or suspension of accreditation, licenses or certificates of need; suspension of or non-payment for new admissions; denial of reimbursement; fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal, state and foreign healthcare programs or community closure.
a significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including brookdale senior living, ardent, kindred, atria and sunrise.
as of december 31, 2021, atria and sunrise, collectively, managed 256 of our consolidated senior housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. as of december 31, 2021, atria managed 162 communities and holiday retirement managed 91 communities under their own distinct management contracts with us. ventas has the ongoing right to terminate the management contract for 91 of the holiday-managed communities with short term notice. as a result of atria's acquisition of the holiday management platform and our acquisition of new senior investment group inc. in 2021, taken together, the atria/holiday retirement concentration represents 253 communities. as of december 31, 2021, our three largest tenants, brookdale senior living, ardent and kindred leased from us 121 properties, 12 properties and 31 properties, respectively. these properties represent a substantial portion of our portfolio, based on their gross book value, and account for a significant portion of our revenues and noi.
we depend on brookdale senior living, ardent and kindred, to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and to comply with the terms of the mortgage financing, if any, affecting the properties they lease from us. these tenants have also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses. we cannot assure you that they will be able to satisfy their obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by them to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. any failure by any one of brookdale senior living, ardent or kindred to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve the properties they lease from us could adversely affect their financial condition and, in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we rely on atria and sunrise to manage a significant portion of the properties in our senior living operations segment, including by setting appropriate resident fees, managing expenses, providing accurate property-level financial results in a timely manner and otherwise operate our senior housing communities profitably and in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable law and regulation. any adverse developments in such managers' business and affairs or financial condition could impair their ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively and could adversely affect the financial performance of our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations. if either atria or sunrise experience financial, legal, accounting, regulatory or other difficulties that impact their financial stability, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if our tenants', managers' or borrowers' financial condition or business prospects deteriorate, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we rely heavily on our tenants, managers and borrowers and their ability to perform their obligations to us, regardless of whether our relationship is structured as a triple-net lease, a management contract or as a loan. any of our tenants, managers or borrowers may experience a downturn in their business that materially weakens their financial condition. if their financial condition deteriorates, they may be unable or unwilling to make payments or perform their obligations to us in a timely manner if at all. although we generally have the right under specified circumstances to terminate a lease, evict a tenant, terminate our management agreements, demand immediate repayment of outstanding loan amounts or pursue other remedies, we may not be able to enforce these rights or we may determine it is not prudent to do so if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches.
our senior housing tenants, managers and borrowers primarily depend on private pay sources consisting of the income or assets of residents or their family members to pay fees. costs associated with independent and assisted living services generally are not reimbursable under government reimbursement programs, such as medicare and medicaid. accordingly, the tenants, managers and borrowers of our senior housing operating portfolio depend on attracting seniors with appropriate levels of income and assets, which may be affected by many factors, including: (i) prevailing economic and market trends, including market volatility and inflation; (ii) consumer confidence; (iii) demographics; (iv) property condition and safety, including as a result of a severe cold and flu season, an epidemic or any other widespread illness, such as that seen throughout the covid-19 pandemic; (v) public perception about such properties; and (vi) social and environmental factors. if our tenants, managers or borrowers fail to effectively conduct their operations, or to maintain and improve our properties on our behalf, it could adversely affect our business reputation as the owner of the properties, as well as the business reputation of our tenants, managers or borrowers and their ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have an adverse effect on our and our tenants', managers' or borrowers' business, financial condition or results of operations. further, if widespread default or nonpayment of outstanding obligations from a large number of tenants, managers or borrowers occurs at a time when terminating our agreements with, or replacing such tenants, managers or borrowers may be extremely difficult or impossible, including as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, we may elect instead to amend such agreements with such tenants, managers or borrowers. however, such amendments may be on terms that are less favorable to us than the original agreements and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our senior housing tenants, managers and borrowers may rely on reimbursements from governmental programs for a portion of the revenues from certain properties. changes in reimbursement policies and other governmental regulation, that may result from actions by the u.s. congress or u.s. executive orders, may result in reductions in our tenants', managers' or borrowers' revenues, operations and cash flows and affect our tenants', managers' or borrowers' ability to meet their obligations to us. failure to comply with reimbursement regulations or other laws applicable to healthcare providers could result in penalties, fines, litigation costs, lost revenue or other consequences, which could adversely impact our tenants' ability to make contractual rent payments to us under a triple-net lease or our cash flows from operations under a management arrangement.
our tenants, managers and borrowers have, and may continue to seek to, offset losses attributable to the covid-19 pandemic by obtaining funds under the cares act or other similar legislative initiatives at the state and local level. we cannot determine when or if these government funds will ultimately be received by our tenants, managers and borrowers or whether these funds may materially offset the cash flow disruptions experienced by them. if they are unable to obtain these funds within a reasonable time period or at all, or the conditions precedent to receiving these funds are overly burdensome or not feasible, it may substantially affect their ability to make payments or perform their obligations when due to us.
we face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors.
we lease a significant number of our properties to unaffiliated tenants, operate a significant number of our properties through third-party managers and provide financing to third-party borrowers. we have limited control over the success or failure of our tenants', managers' and borrowers' businesses, and, at any time, a tenant, borrower or manager may experience a downturn in its business that weakens its financial condition. if that happens, the tenant, borrower or manager may fail to make payments or meet its other obligations to us. see "-if a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment," below.
a downturn in any one of our tenants', borrowers' or managers' businesses could ultimately lead to its bankruptcy if it is unable to timely resolve the underlying causes, which may be largely outside of its control. bankruptcy and insolvency laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization that may render certain of our rights and remedies unenforceable or delay our ability to pursue such rights and remedies and realize any recoveries. for example, we cannot evict a tenant solely because of its bankruptcy filing. a debtor-lessee may reject our lease in a bankruptcy proceeding, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. we also may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new tenant or manager.
bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings may result in increased costs and require significant management attention and resources. if we are unable to transition affected properties efficiently and effectively, such properties could experience prolonged operational disruption, leading to lower occupancy rates and further depressed revenues. publicity about a tenant's, borrower's or manager's financial condition and insolvency proceedings may negatively impact its reputation, which could result in decreased customer demand and revenues. any or all of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. these risks would be magnified where we lease multiple properties to a single third party, as a failure or default would expose us to these risks across multiple properties.
if we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our tenants may not renew their leases with us, and our managers may not renew their management agreements with us, beyond their current terms. for example, our lease of six ltacs to kindred is set to expire in 2023, though kindred has the right to extend the term of the lease for an additional 5 years. even if a tenant renews its lease with us, or a manager renews its management agreement with us, we cannot assure you that the renewals will be on favorable terms. our leases and management agreements provide us, our tenants and our managers with termination rights in certain circumstances. if our leases or management agreements are not renewed or are otherwise terminated, we may attempt to reposition those properties with another tenant or manager, as applicable. we may not be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases, management agreements or other arrangements with new tenants or managers on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases or management agreements, if at all. we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned.
if our leases are not renewed or are otherwise terminated at some properties, we may attempt to sell those properties. we may not be successful in identifying suitable buyers or entering into sale agreements with buyers on a timely basis or on favorable terms, if at all, and we may be required to fund some expenses and obligations (such as real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being sold.
during transition periods to new tenants or managers, the attention of existing tenants or managers may be diverted from the performance of the properties, which could cause the financial and operational performance at those properties to decline. our ability to reposition our properties with a suitable replacement tenant or manager could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, certificates of need, medicaid change-of-ownership rules or other legal and regulatory requirements or restrictions. we could incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings.
in the case of our leased properties, following expiration of a lease term, or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease altogether while we attempt to reposition the properties with a suitable replacement tenant. this risk could be exacerbated by laws and regulations in certain jurisdictions that limit our ability to take remedial action against defaulted tenants under certain circumstances. market conditions in effect at the time of the expiration or default of a lease may require us to reduce our rental rates below those we currently charge to retain tenants or obtain new suitable replacement tenants. our ability to locate and attract suitable replacement tenants could be impaired by the specialized healthcare use or contractual restrictions on use of the property, and we may be forced to spend substantial amounts to adapt the properties to other uses.
if a borrower defaults, we may be unable to obtain payment, successfully foreclose on collateral or realize the value of any collateral, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investment.
if a borrower defaults under a mortgage or other loan for which we are the lender, we may attempt to obtain payment in full or foreclose on the collateral securing the loan, including by acquiring any pledged equity interests or acquiring title to the subject properties, to protect our investment. the defaulting borrower may not be able to repay us even if we are legally entitled to full repayment of the debt. the defaulting borrower may contest our enforcement of foreclosure or other available remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our exercise of enforcement or other available remedies or bring claims against us for lender liability. any such delay or limit on our ability to pursue our rights or remedies could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. see "-we face potential adverse consequences from the bankruptcy, insolvency or financial deterioration of our tenants, managers, borrowers and other obligors," above.
although our lease, loan and management agreements give us the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us, we may decide not to exercise those remedies for one or more reasons. for example, we may not exercise remedies (or be successful in exercising remedies) if the terms are not enforceable, if the terms are too costly to enforce or if we believe that enforcement of our rights would be more detrimental to our business than seeking alternative approaches. we may also decide not to enforce other contractual protections, such as annual rent escalators, or the properties may not generate sufficient revenue to achieve the specified rent escalation parameters. any of the risks described above could be exacerbated by new laws and regulations enacted during the covid-19 pandemic or otherwise that limit our ability to enforce or terminate a lease, evict a tenant or pursue other remedies against tenants.
even if we successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our mortgages and other loans, costs related to enforcement of our remedies, high loan-to-value ratios or declines in the value of the collateral could prevent us from realizing the full amount of our investment and we could be required to record a valuation allowance for such losses. the collateral may include equity interests in an entity with unexpected liabilities that limits the value of those equity interests or with other limiting characteristics that may result in us not having full recourse to assets within that entity's subsidiary structure. for example, our mezzanine loan investments are subordinate to senior secured loans held by other investors that encumber the same real estate and, in certain circumstances, affords them the ability to extinguish our rights in the collateral. any equity interests included in acquired capital may be subject to securities law restrictions that limit our ability to sell those interests in a timely manner. we may be unable to reposition any real property included in acquired collateral on a timely basis, if at all, or without making significant improvements or repairs. any delay or costs incurred in selling or repositioning acquired collateral could adversely affect our ability to recover the full amount of our investment.
we are vulnerable to adverse changes affecting our specific asset classes and the real estate industry generally.
we invest in a variety of assets classes in healthcare real estate, including senior housing, medical office, life science, research and innovation, hospitals, long-term acute care facilities and other healthcare properties. while we endeavor to invest in a diversified portfolio, there can be no assurance that in a particular economic or operational environment all assets will perform equally well or that our balance sheet will be appropriately balanced. each of our asset classes are subject to their own dynamics and their own specific operational, financial, compliance, regulatory and market risks.
a broad downturn or slowdown in the healthcare real estate sector could have a greater adverse impact on our business than if we had investments in multiple industries and could negatively impact the ability of our tenants, managers and borrowers to meet their obligations to us. a downturn or slowdown in any one of our asset classes could adversely affect the value of our properties in such asset class and our ability to sell such properties at prices or on terms acceptable or favorable to us if at all.
we are exposed to the risks inherent in investments in real estate. real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and our ability to quickly sell or exchange our properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions is limited. if we market any of our properties for sale, the value of those properties and our ability to sell at prices or on terms acceptable to us could be adversely affected by a downturn in the real estate industry. transfers of healthcare real estate may be subject to regulatory approvals that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial real estate. we cannot assure you that we will recognize the full value of any property that we sell, and the inability to respond quickly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
to the extent that we or our tenants, managers and borrowers are unable to navigate successfully the trends impacting our or their businesses and the industries in which we or they operate, we may be adversely affected.
our tenants, managers and borrowers include senior housing managers, hospitals, post-acute facilities and other healthcare systems, medical offices and life sciences and technology companies that are subject to a complex set of trends affecting their businesses and the industries in which they operate. if we or they are unable to successfully navigate these trends, our business, financial condition and results and that of our tenants, managers and borrowers could be adversely affected.
there have been, and there are expected to continue to be, advances and changes in technology, payment models, healthcare delivery models, regulation and consumer behavior and perception that could reduce demand for on-site activities provided at our properties. for example, the increased demand in telehealth solutions could broadly impact market demand for our properties and cause long-term structural changes in the marketplace. if our tenants and managers are unable to adapt to long-term changes in demand, their financial condition could be materially impacted and our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer.
our tenants, managers and borrowers face an increasingly competitive labor market, which has been compounded by general inflationary pressures on wages and the covid-19 pandemic and could be further compounded by a shortage of care givers or other trained personnel, union activities or minimum wage laws. these pressures may require our tenants, managers and borrowers to enhance pay and benefits packages to compete effectively for trained personnel or use high-cost alternatives to meet labor needs, including contract and overtime labor. they may be unable to offset these increased costs by increasing the amounts they charge their patients, residents or clients. rising labor expense could negatively impact the financial condition of our tenants, managers and borrowers and impair their ability to meet their obligations to us.
controls imposed by medicare, medicaid and commercial third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as "utilization reviews," have affected and are expected to continue to affect certain of our tenants, specifically acute care hospitals and post-acute facilities. the u.s. congress and certain state legislatures have introduced and passed a number of proposals and legislation designed to make major changes in the healthcare system, including changes that directly or indirectly affect reimbursement and the availability of home healthcare options. several of these laws, including the affordable care act, have promoted shifting from traditional fee-for-service reimbursement models to alternative payment models that tie reimbursement to quality and cost of care, such as accountable care organizations and bundled payments. see "government regulation - united states healthcare regulation, licensing and enforcement" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report. these and other trends could significantly and adversely affect the profitability of these tenants, which could affect their ability to make payments or meet their other obligations to us or their willingness to renew their leases on terms that are as favorable to us, or at all.
the hospitals on or near the campuses where our mobs are located and their affiliated health systems may not remain competitive or financially viable.
our mobs and other properties that serve the healthcare industry depend on the competitiveness and financial viability of the hospitals on or near the campuses where our properties are located and their ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients to our properties. the viability of these hospitals, in turn, depends on a solid quality and mix of healthcare services provided, successful competition for patients, physicians and physician groups, positive demographic trends in the surrounding community, superior market position and growth potential as well as the ability of the affiliated health systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. if a hospital on or near the campus where one of our properties is located fails or becomes unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated health system is unable to support that hospital, that hospital may be unable to compete successfully. that could adversely impact the hospital's ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients, and, in some cases, the hospital might even close or relocate. we rely on proximity to and affiliations with hospitals to create leasing demand in our mob and similar properties. if a hospital moves, closes, doesn't remain competitive or financially viable or can't attract physicians and physician groups, our properties and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our life science, research and innovation tenants face unique levels of expense and uncertainty.
our life science, research and innovation tenants develop and sell products and services in an industry that is characterized by rapid and significant changes, evolving industry standards, significant research and development risk and uncertainty over the implementation of new healthcare reform legislation. these tenants, particularly those involved in developing and marketing pharmaceutical or other life science products, require significant outlays of funds for the research and development, clinical testing, manufacture and commercialization of their products and technologies, as well as to fund their other obligations, including rent payments to us. our tenants' ability to raise capital depends on the timely success of their research and development activities, viability of their products and technologies, their financial and operating condition and outlook and the overall financial, banking and economic environment. if private investors, the federal government, universities, public markets or other sources of funding are unavailable to support these tenants because of general economic conditions, adverse market conditions or otherwise, a tenant may not be able to pay rent or meet its other obligations to us and its business may fail. the financing market for life science and r&i companies has been and may continue to be volatile, which may contribute to these risks.
the research and development, clinical testing, manufacture and marketing of some of our tenants' products require federal, state and foreign regulatory approvals. the approval process is typically long, expensive and uncertain. even if our tenants have sufficient funds to seek approvals, one or all of their products may fail to obtain the required regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. our tenants may only have a small number of products under development. if one product fails to receive the required approvals at any stage of development, it could significantly and adversely affect the tenant's entire business. our tenants may be unable to manufacture their products successfully or economically, may be unable to adapt to rapid technological advances in their industry, may be unable to adequately protect their intellectual property, may face competition from new products or may not receive acceptance of their products. if our life science, research and innovation tenants' business deteriorates for these or any other reasons, they may be unable to make payments or meet their other obligations to us.
we cannot assure you that any of our life science, research and innovation tenants will be successful in their businesses. any tenant that is unable to avoid, or sufficiently mitigate, the risks described above may have difficulty making payments or satisfying its other obligations to us, which in turn could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
increased construction and development in the markets in which our properties are located could adversely affect our future occupancy rates, operating margins and profitability.
if existing supply and development collectively outpaces demand in the markets in which our properties are located, those markets may become saturated and we could experience decreased occupancy, reduced operating margins and lower profitability, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. depending on the jurisdiction, there are limited barriers to developing properties in our asset classes, particularly senior housing. as a result, supply and demand dynamics can change quickly. we may be unable to rebalance our portfolio in a timely manner in order to respond to changes in those dynamics.
merger, acquisition and investment activity in our industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor's investment in, one or more of our tenants, managers or borrowers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the senior housing and healthcare industries have experienced and may continue to experience consolidation, including among owners of real estate, tenants, managers, borrowers and care providers. when a change of control of a tenant, manager or borrower occurs, that tenant's, manager's or borrower's strategy, financial condition, management team or real estate needs may change, any of which could adversely affect our relationship with that party and our revenues and results of operations. if any of our tenants or managers merge with one another, our dependence on a small group of significant third parties would increase, as would our exposure to the risks described above under "-our investments in and acquisitions of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations." a competitor's investment in one of our tenants, managers or borrowers could enable our competitor to directly or indirectly influence that tenant's, manager's or borrower's business and strategy in a manner that impairs our relationship with the tenant, manager or borrower or is otherwise adverse to our interests. depending on our contractual agreements and the specific facts and circumstances, we may not have the right to prevent a competitor's investment in, a change of control of, or other transactions impacting a tenant, manager or borrower.
our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our expansion opportunities.
an important part of our business strategy is to continue to expand and diversify our portfolio, directly or indirectly with third parties, through accretive acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activities in domestic and international healthcare real estate. our ability to execute this strategy successfully is affected by many factors, including the significant competition we face for acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities, our relationships with current and prospective clients and partners, our ability to obtain debt and equity capital at costs comparable to or better than our competitors and lower than the yield we earn on our acquisitions or investments and our ability to negotiate favorable terms with counterparties, including buyers and sellers of assets. we compete for these opportunities with a broad variety of potential investors, including other healthcare reits, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have advantages compared to us, including greater financial resources and lower costs of capital. see "business-competition" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report. if we are unsuccessful at identifying and capitalizing on investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment opportunities and otherwise expanding and diversifying our portfolio, our growth and profitability may be adversely affected.
when expanding into areas that are new to us, we face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with (i) the required investment of capital and other resources; (ii) the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk; (iii) the diversion of management's attention from our other businesses; (iv) the increasing demands on or issues related to operational and management systems and controls; (v) compliance with additional legal or regulatory requirements with which we are not familiar; and (vi) the broadening of our geographic footprint, including the risks associated with conducting operations in non-u.s. jurisdictions. any new strategies, markets or businesses that we enter into may not be successful or meet our expectations, or we may be unable to effectively monitor or manage our portfolio of properties as it expands. failure to meet any of these objectives could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our investments in and acquisitions of properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations.
we have made and expect to continue to make significant acquisitions and investments as part of our overall business strategy. investing in and acquiring healthcare real estate entails risks associated with real estate investments generally, including the risk that the investment will not achieve expected returns, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that a tenant, manager or borrower will fail to meet performance expectations or their obligations to us. we make acquisitions and investments outside the united states, which raises legal, economic and market risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, such as currency exchange fluctuations and foreign tax risks.
our real estate development and redevelopment projects present additional risks, including the risk of construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis and the incurrence of significant costs prior to completion of the project. healthcare real estate properties are often highly customized, and the development or redevelopment of such properties may require costly tenant-specific or market-driven improvements.
other risks that our significant acquisition and investment activity, including our developments and redevelopments, presents include that:
•we may be unable to successfully integrate the operations, personnel or systems of acquired companies, maintain consistent standards, controls, policies and procedures, retain key personnel or companies we acquire or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and other investments within the anticipated time frame if at all;
•our underwriting assumptions, including projections of estimated future revenues and expenses and anticipated synergies and other costs savings, and other financial and operating metrics that we develop may be inaccurate, in which case we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of the acquisition, investment, development or redevelopment;
•our leverage could increase or our per share financial results could decline if we incur additional debt or issue equity securities to finance acquisitions and investments;
•acquisitions and investments could divert management's attention from our existing assets;
•the value of the assets we acquire or invest in may decline or we may not realize the expected return on the developments or redevelopments we undertake; and
•if our acquisitions, investments, developments and redevelopments are not successful, the market price of our common stock may decline.
see also "-our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon identifying and consummating future acquisitions and investments and effectively managing our expansion opportunities," below.
we cannot assure you that our acquisitions, investments, developments and redevelopments will be successful or meet our expectations, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our investments in co-investment vehicles, joint ventures and minority interests may subject us to risks and liabilities that we would not otherwise face.
we have and may continue to develop and acquire properties in co-investment vehicles or joint ventures with other persons or entities when circumstances warrant the use of these structures.  in 2020 we formed ventas investment management ("vim") to consolidate our private capital management capabilities for certain assets. as of december 31, 2021, vim had over $4.5 billion in assets under management, including the ventas life science and healthcare real estate fund, l.p. (the "ventas fund"), our joint venture with gic and certain other institutional private capital vehicles. this includes gross asset value, unfunded equity commitments, and total project costs for development projects under way. we also own minority investments in properties and unconsolidated operating entities. these minority investments usually entitle us to typical rights and protections but inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations than if we owned a majority interest. in the future, we may enter into additional co-investments, partnerships and joint ventures, either through vim or otherwise.
there can be no assurance that our co-investments, joint ventures or minority investments will be successful or meet our expectations. these investments and ventures involve significant risk, including the following:
•we may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority;
•for ventures in which we have a noncontrolling interest, our partners may take actions that we oppose;
•if our partners become bankrupt, insolvent or otherwise fail to fund their share of required capital contributions or fulfill other partner obligations, we may choose to or be required to contribute that capital;
•some of our joint ventures are subject to debt and, depending on credit market conditions, the refinancing or payoff of such debt may require equity capital calls, which we or our partner may not be capable of funding or may otherwise be required at inopportune times;
•we may be subject to restrictions on our ability to transfer our interest in the investment or venture, which may require us to retain our interest at a time when we would otherwise prefer to sell it;
•our partners may have business interests or goals that conflict with our business interests and goals, including the timing, terms and strategies for any investments, and what levels of financing to incur or carry;
•our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create conflicts of interest, including with respect to our compliance with the reit requirements, and our reit status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with reit requirements;
•our partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of interest;
•we could experience an impasse on certain decisions where we do not have sole decision-making authority, which could require us to expend additional resources on resolving such impasses or potential disputes;
•we could become engaged in a dispute with any of our joint venture partners that could lead to the sale of either parties' ownership interest or the property;
•disagreements with our partners could result in litigation or arbitration; and
•we may suffer other losses as a result of actions taken by our partners with respect to our venture investments.
in some instances, our partners may have the right to cause us to sell our interest, or acquire our partner's interest, at a time when we otherwise would not have initiated such a transaction. our ability to acquire our partner's interest will be limited if we do not have sufficient cash, available borrowing capacity or other capital resources. this may require us to sell our interest in the investment or venture when we would otherwise prefer to retain it.
in certain circumstances, ventas serves as managing member, general partner or controlling party with respect to its co-investments and joint ventures, including the ventas fund and our joint venture with gic. in such instances, we may face additional risks including the following:
•ventas may have increased duties to the other investors or partners in the co-investment or joint venture;
•in the event of certain events or conflicts, our partners may have recourse against ventas, including the right to monetary penalties, the ability to force a sale or exit the venture;
•our subsidiaries that would be the general partner or managing member of the joint ventures could be generally liable, under applicable law or the governing agreement of a venture, for the debts and obligations of the venture, subject to certain exculpation and indemnification rights pursuant to the terms of the governing agreement.
damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition or result of operations.
our positive reputation for quality and service with our stakeholders, including our tenants, managers, development partners, lenders and stockholders, could be damaged if we experience a sustained period of distress, where our properties underperform, our tenants or managers default or in other instances that result in misalignment with those parties. damage to our reputation could result in a decrease in the market price of our common stock or make it more difficult to continue to grow and expand our relationships with our tenants, managers, development partners and lenders, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
development, redevelopment and construction risks could affect our profitability.
we invest in various development and redevelopment projects. in deciding whether to make an investment in a project, we make certain underwriting assumptions regarding expected future performance. our assumptions are subject to risks generally associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, among others, that:
•tenants may not lease the amount of space projected or at the projected rental rate levels or lease on the projected schedule, including due to increased competition in the market and other market and economic conditions;
•our underwriting assumptions and other financial and operating metrics that we develop, such as the estimated costs necessary to develop or redevelop the property, may be inaccurate, in which case we may not be able to realize the expected benefits of the project;
•we may not complete the project on schedule or within budgeted amounts;
•we may encounter delays in obtaining or we may fail to obtain necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, environmental and other governmental permits and authorizations;
•we may be unable to obtain financing for the project on favorable terms or at all, including at the maturity of an applicable construction loan;
•construction or other delays may provide tenants or residents the right to terminate preconstruction leases or cause us to incur additional costs, including through rent abatement;
•volatility in the price of construction materials or labor may increase our project costs;
•any partners in the project may maintain significant decision-making authority with respect to the project, which lessens our control and could lead to increased costs, project delays or disputes;
•our builders or development managers may fail to meet their obligations to us or satisfy the expectations of our tenants and partners; and
•we may incorrectly forecast risks associated with development in new geographic regions or addressing markets that are new to us, including new markets where we may not have sufficient depth of market knowledge.
we may face increased risks and costs associated with volatility in materials and labor prices or as a result of supply chain or procurement disruptions, which may adversely affect the status of our construction projects.
the price of commodities and skilled labor for our construction projects may increase due to external factors, including, but not limited to, performance of third-party suppliers and contractors; overall market supply and demand; government regulation and changes in general business, economic or political conditions. as a result, the costs of construction materials and skilled labor required for the completion of our development and redevelopment projects may fluctuate significantly over time.
we rely on a number of third-party suppliers and contractors to supply materials and skilled labor for our construction projects. we may experience difficulties obtaining necessary materials from suppliers or vendors whose supply chains might be disrupted by macroeconomic conditions or otherwise, or difficulties obtaining adequate skilled labor from third-party contractors in a tightening labor market. if we are unable to access materials and labor to complete our construction projects within our expected budgets and meet our tenants' demands and expectations in a timely and efficient manner, our results of operations may be adversely impacted. we may be unable to complete our development or redevelopment projects timely or within our budget, which may affect our ability to lease space to potential tenants and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences have contributed to global supply chain disruptions including the supply of some construction materials. these disruptions could cause construction delays or significantly affect the cost of our development or redevelopment projects through higher costs for construction materials, labor and services from third-party contractors and suppliers. significant construction delays and increases in costs because of the supply chain disruptions could interfere with our ability to meet commitments to our counterparties and could have a material impact on our business.
if any of the risks described above occur, our development and redevelopment projects may not yield anticipated returns, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we own properties that are subject to ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements that limit our uses of the properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer the properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated.
our investments in medical office, life science and research and innovation buildings and facilities as well as other properties may be made through leasehold interests in the land on which the buildings are located, leases of air rights for the space above the land on which the buildings are located, or other similar restrictive arrangements. many of these ground lease, air rights and other restrictive agreements impose significant limitations on our uses of the subject properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. these restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties' value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable tenants for the properties. we could lose our interests in the subject properties if the ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements are breached by us, are terminated or expire.
damage from catastrophic or extreme weather and other natural events and the physical effects of climate change could result in losses to the company.
some of our properties are in areas particularly susceptible to revenue loss, cost increase or damage caused by catastrophic or extreme weather and other natural events, including fires, snow or ice storms, windstorms, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, flooding and other severe weather. these adverse weather and natural events could cause substantial damages or losses to our properties that could exceed our or our tenants', borrowers' or managers' property insurance coverage. any of these events could cause a major power outage, leading to a disruption of our systems and operations. if we incur a loss greater than insured limits, we could lose our capital invested in the affected property, as well as anticipated future revenue from that property. any such loss could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of (or making unavailable) property insurance on terms we find acceptable.
if significant changes in the climate occur in areas where our properties are located, we may experience extreme weather and changes in precipitation and temperature, all of which may result in physical damage to or a decrease in demand for properties located in these areas or affected by these conditions. where climate change has a significant or sustained impact, our properties could be destroyed and our business, financial condition or results of operations may be adversely affected.
changes in federal, state or foreign legislation and regulation on climate change could result in increased capital expenditures to improve the energy efficiency of our existing properties and could also require us to spend more on our new development properties without a corresponding increase in revenue.
our capital structure risks market conditions and the actual and perceived state of the capital markets generally could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are dependent on the capital markets and any disruption to the capital markets or our ability to access such markets could impair our ability to fulfill our dividend requirements, make payments to our security holders or otherwise finance our business operations. adverse developments affecting economies throughout the world, including rising inflation, a general tightening of availability of credit (including the price, terms and conditions under which it can be obtained), the state of the public and private capital markets, decreased liquidity in certain financial markets, increased interest rates, foreign exchange fluctuations, declining consumer confidence, the actual or perceived state of the real estate market, tightened labor markets or significant declines in stock markets, as well as concerns regarding pandemics, epidemics and the spread of contagious diseases, could impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, including recessions, economic slowdowns, high unemployment and rising prices or the perception by consumers of weak or weakening economic conditions may reduce disposable income and impact consumer spending in healthcare or senior housing, for example, which could adversely affect our financial results.
during inflationary periods, interest rates have historically increased, which would have a direct effect on the interest expense of our borrowings. we are exposed to increases in interest rates in the short term through our variable-rate borrowings, which consist of borrowings under our unsecured credit facility, our unsecured term loans and our commercial paper program. therefore, interest rate increases, due to inflation or otherwise, could in the short term, increase our interest expense under these variable-rate facilities and in the long term, increase our financing costs as we refinance our existing variable-rate and fixed-rate long-term borrowings, or incur additional interest expense related to the issuance of incremental debt.
to the extent there is turmoil in the global financial markets, this turmoil has the potential to adversely affect (i) the value of our properties; (ii) the availability or the terms of financing that we have or may be able to obtain; (iii) our ability to make principal and interest payments on, or refinance when due, any outstanding indebtedness; (iv) our ability to pay a dividend and (v) the ability of our tenants to enter into new leasing transactions or satisfy rental payments under existing leases. disruptions in the capital and credit markets may also adversely affect the market price of our securities.
we are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective.
interest rates are rising and are expected to continue rising. increases in interest rates may result in a decrease in the value of our real estate and a decrease in the market price of our common stock. increases in interest rates may also adversely affect the securities markets generally, which could reduce the market price of our common stock without regard to our operating performance. any such unfavorable changes to our borrowing costs and price of our common stock could significantly impact our ability to raise new debt and equity capital going forward and increase the cost of financing on our acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity. an increase in interest rates also could limit our ability to refinance existing debt upon maturity or cause us to pay higher rates upon refinancing, as well as decrease the amount that third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to promptly reposition our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions.
we receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates subject to annual escalations, while certain of our debt obligations are floating rate obligations with interest and related payments that vary with the movement of the london interbank offered rate ("libor"), the secured overnight financing rate ("sofr"), bankers' acceptance or other indexes. the generally fixed rate nature of a significant portion of our revenues and the variable rate nature of certain of our debt obligations create interest rate risk. if interest rates continue to rise, the costs of our existing floating rate debt and any new debt that we incur would increase. these increased costs could reduce our profitability, impair our ability to meet our debt obligations, or increase the cost of financing our acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity.
we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility with hedging arrangements that involve additional risks, including the risks that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be limited by federal tax provisions governing reits, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than otherwise would be the case. moreover, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. failure to hedge effectively against interest rate risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have a significant amount of outstanding indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness in the future.
as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $12.1 billion of outstanding principal indebtedness. the instruments governing our existing indebtedness permit us to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, and we may satisfy our capital and liquidity needs through additional borrowings. our indebtedness requires us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, thereby reducing the funds available to implement our business strategy and make distributions to stockholders. a high level of indebtedness on an absolute basis or as a ratio to our cash flow could also have the following consequences:
•potential limits on our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions and vulnerability in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in the real estate or healthcare industries;
•potential impairment of our ability to obtain additional financing to execute on our business strategy; and
•potential downgrade in the rating of our debt securities by one or more rating agencies, which could have the effect of, among other things, limiting our access to capital and increasing our cost of borrowing.
we mortgage, and expect to continue to mortgage, certain of our properties to secure payment of indebtedness. if we are unable to meet our mortgage payments, then the encumbered properties could be foreclosed upon or transferred to the mortgagee with a resulting loss of income and asset value.
we are highly dependent on access to the capital markets. limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet our debt service obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy if our cash flow from operations is insufficient to satisfy these needs. we cannot assure you that conditions in the capital markets will not deteriorate, that our access to capital and other sources of funding will not become constrained or that interest rates will not rise, any of which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings, renewals or refinancings and our results of operations and financial condition. if we cannot access capital at an acceptable cost or at all, we may be required to liquidate one or more investments in properties at times that may not permit us to maximize the return on those investments or that could result in adverse tax consequences to us.
as a public company, our access to debt and equity capital depends, in part, on the trading prices of our senior notes and common stock, which, in turn, depend upon market conditions that change from time to time, such as the market's perception of our financial condition, our growth potential and our current and expected future earnings and cash distributions. our failure to meet the market's expectation regarding future earnings and cash distributions or a significant downgrade in the ratings assigned to our long-term debt could impact our ability to access capital or increase our borrowing costs.
the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences have caused, and could continue to cause, severe economic, market and other disruptions worldwide, including widespread inflation that could lead to a rise in interest rates. it is possible that conditions in the bank lending, capital and other financial markets could again deteriorate as a result of the pandemic, and that could in turn mean that our access to capital and other sources of funding could become constrained. any of these conditions could adversely affect the availability and terms of our future borrowings, renewals or refinancings. the continuance of the effects of the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences on our business could lead to downgrades of our long-term credit rating. see "risks related to the covid-19 pandemic-the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations," above. any future downgrades could increase our borrowing costs, which would make it more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments.
we rely on the financial institutions that are parties to our revolving credit facilities. if these institutions become capital constrained, tighten their lending standards or become insolvent or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time, they may be unable or unwilling to honor their funding commitments to us, which would adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facilities and, over time, could negatively impact our ability to consummate acquisitions, repay indebtedness as it matures, fund capital expenditures or make distributions to our stockholders.
we may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
our ownership of properties in canada and the united kingdom currently subjects us to fluctuations in the exchange rates between u.s. dollars and canadian dollars or the british pound, which may, from time to time, impact our financial condition and results of operations. if we continue to expand our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, senior housing or healthcare assets outside the united states, canada or the united kingdom, we may transact business in other foreign currencies. although we may pursue hedging alternatives, including borrowing in local currencies, to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot assure you that such hedging will be successful and that fluctuations will not adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the phasing out of libor may affect our financial results.
libor and certain other interest "benchmarks" are subject to regulatory guidance and reform that have caused and may in the future cause interest rates under our current or future debt agreements to perform differently than in the past or cause other unanticipated consequences. following announcements by the united kingdom's financial conduct authority, which regulates libor, and ice benchmark administration limited, which administers libor publication, publication of most libor settings ceased after december 31, 2021. while publication of the remaining u.s. dollar libor settings is expected to cease after june 30, 2023, u.s., european union and u.k. regulators have discouraged use of libor for any new contracts entered into after year-end 2021. we have already transitioned certain foreign libor rates used in our line of credit that were discontinued at year-end 2021. while there are other rates that have gained market acceptance as alternatives to libor, the alternative reference rates committee, a steering committee comprised of u.s. financial market participants, selected sofr as the recommended alternative to u.s. dollar libor. sofr is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by u.s. treasury securities, and the federal reserve bank of new york started to publish the sofr in april 2018. the discontinuation, reform or replacement of libor or any other benchmark rates may have an unpredictable impact on contractual mechanics in the credit markets or cause disruption to the broader financial markets and could have an adverse effect on libor-based interest rates on our current or future debt obligations. specifically, significant portions of the market for new libor-based transactions could experience materially reduced liquidity or pricing transparency. there can be no assurance that any agreement we reach to replace libor in any contract will result in effective interest rates at least as favorable to us as our current effective interest rates. the failure to reach an agreement on a replacement benchmark, or the failure to reach an agreement that results in an effective interest rate at least as favorable to us as our current effective interest rates, could result in an increase in our debt service obligations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
covenants in the instruments governing our and our subsidiaries' existing indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could adversely affect our operations.
the terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness require us to comply with certain customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios and minimum net worth requirements. our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the applicable debt instruments and could trigger defaults under any of our other indebtedness that is cross-defaulted against such instruments, even if we satisfy our payment obligations. covenants contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries' outstanding mortgage indebtedness may restrict our ability to obtain cash distributions from such subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations. financial and other covenants that limit our operational flexibility, as well as defaults resulting from our breach of any of these covenants, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our legal, compliance and regulatory risks significant legal or regulatory proceedings could subject us or our tenants or managers to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which could adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we or our tenants or managers may be subject to lawsuits, investigations, claims and other legal or regulatory proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our tenants and managers. these claims may include, among other things, professional liability and general liability claims, commercial liability claims, unfair business practices claims and employment claims, as well as regulatory proceedings, including proceedings related to our senior living operations, where we are typically the holder of the applicable healthcare license.
in our operating assets, including those in our senior living operations and office segments, we are generally responsible for all liabilities of the properties, including any lawsuits, investigations, claims and other legal or regulatory proceedings, other than those arising out of certain actions by our managers, such as those caused by gross negligence, fraud or willful misconduct. as a result, we have exposure to, among other things, professional and general liability claims, employment law claims and the associated litigation and other costs related to defending and resolving such claims. in our senior living operations in particular, if one of our managers fails to comply with applicable law or regulation, we may be held responsible, which could subject us to civil, criminal and administrative penalties, including the loss or suspension of accreditation, licenses or certificates of need; suspension of or nonpayment for new admissions; denial of reimbursement; fines; suspension, decertification, or exclusion from federal, state or foreign healthcare programs; or facility closure.
in some circumstances, our tenants or managers may be contractually obligated to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless in whole or in part with respect to certain actions, legal or regulatory proceedings. in addition, third parties from whom we acquired certain of our assets and, in some cases, their affiliates may be required by the terms of the related conveyance documents to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless against certain actions, investigations and claims related to the acquired assets and arising prior to our ownership or related to excluded assets and liabilities. in some cases, a portion of the purchase price consideration is held in escrow for a specified period of time as collateral for these indemnification obligations. we cannot assure you that these third parties will be able to satisfy their defense and indemnification obligations to us or that any purchase price consideration held in escrow will be sufficient to satisfy claims for which we are entitled to indemnification.
an unfavorable resolution of any such lawsuit, investigation, claims or other legal or regulatory proceeding could materially and adversely affect our or our tenants' or managers' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations, and may not be protected by sufficient insurance coverage. even with a favorable resolution of litigation or a proceeding, the effect of litigation and other potential litigation and proceedings may materially increase operating costs we or our tenants or managers incur. negative publicity with respect to any lawsuits, claims or other legal or regulatory proceedings may also negatively impact their or our or the properties' reputation.
the covid-19 pandemic has caused and may in the future cause our senior housing and healthcare business to face increased exposure to lawsuits or other legal or regulatory proceedings filed at the same time across multiple jurisdictions, such as professional or general liability litigation alleging wrongful death and negligence claims, some of which may result in large damage awards and not be indemnified or subject to sufficient insurance coverage, may require our support as a result of our indemnification agreements or may result in restrictions in the operations of our or our tenants' or managers' business.
we and our tenants, managers and borrowers may be adversely affected by regulation and enforcement.
we and our tenants, managers and borrowers are subject to or impacted by extensive and frequently changing federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. for example, the healthcare industry is subject to laws and regulations that relate to, among other things, licensure and certificates of need, conduct of operations, ownership of communities and facilities, construction of new communities and facilities and addition of equipment, governmental reimbursement programs, such as medicare and medicaid, allowable costs, services, prices for services, qualified beneficiaries, appropriateness and classification of care, patient rights, resident health and safety, data privacy and security laws, wage and hour laws, fraud and abuse and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. we generally hold the applicable healthcare licenses and enroll in applicable government healthcare programs on behalf of the properties in our senior living operations segment, and that subjects us to potential liability under some healthcare laws and regulations. see "government regulation-united states healthcare regulation, licensing and enforcement" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report. many of our life science, research and innovation tenants are subject to laws and regulations that govern the research, development, clinical testing, manufacture and marketing of drugs, medical devices and similar products.
the laws and regulations that apply to us and our tenants, managers and borrowers are complex and may change rapidly, and efforts to comply and keep up with them require significant resources. any changes in scope, interpretation or enforcement of the regulatory framework could require us or our tenants, managers or borrowers to invest significant resources responding to these changes. if we or our tenants, managers or borrowers fail to comply with the extensive laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to our or their businesses and the operation of our or their properties, we or they could face a number of remedial actions, including forced closure, loss of accreditation, bans on admissions of new patients or residents, imposition of fines, ineligibility to receive reimbursement from governmental and private third-party payor programs or civil or criminal penalties. if any of these occur, our and our tenants', managers' and borrowers' businesses, results of operations (including results of properties) or financial condition could be adversely affected.
our investments may expose us to unknown liabilities.
we may acquire or invest in properties or businesses that are subject to liabilities and without any recourse, or with only limited recourse, against the prior owners or other third parties with respect to unknown liabilities. as a result, if a liability were asserted against us based upon ownership of those properties, we might have to pay substantial sums to settle or contest it, which could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow.
we may assume or incur liabilities, including, in some cases, contingent liabilities, and be exposed to actual or potential claims in connection with our acquisitions that adversely affect us, such as:
•liabilities relating to the clean-up or remediation of environmental conditions;
•unasserted claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the sellers;
•liabilities, claims and litigation, including indemnification obligations, whether incurred in the ordinary course of business, relating to periods prior to or following our acquisition;
•claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the sellers; and
•liabilities for taxes relating to periods prior to our acquisition.
if the liabilities we assume in connection with acquisitions are greater than expected, or if we discover obligations relating to the acquired properties or businesses, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
the occurrence of cyber incidents could disrupt our operations, result in the loss of confidential information or damage our business relationships and reputation.
cybersecurity incidents and cyber-attacks have been occurring globally at a more frequent and severe level and will likely continue to increase in frequency in the future. as our reliance on technology has increased, our business is subject to greater risk from cyber incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our or our managers' or venture partners' systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information, and other electronic security breaches. while we, our managers and our business partners have implemented measures to help mitigate these threats, these measures cannot guarantee that we or they will be successful in preventing a cyber incident. our information technology networks and related systems are essential to our ability to perform day-to-day operations of our business, and a cyber incident could result in a data center outage, disrupting our systems and operations or the operations of our managers or business partners, compromise the confidential information of our employees, partners or the residents in our senior housing communities, and damage our business relationships and reputation. although we have implemented various measures to manage risks relating to these types of events, these measures and the systems supporting them could prove to be inadequate and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. we do not control the cybersecurity plans and systems put in place by third-party providers, and third-party providers may have limited indemnification obligations to us, which could cause us to be negatively impacted as a result. breaches, such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage, may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. the failure of these systems or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information, material nonpublic information and intellectual property and trade secrets and other sensitive information we possess. we could be required to make a significant investment to remedy the effects of any failures, including but not limited to harm to our reputation, legal claims that we and our partners may be subjected to, regulatory or enforcement action arising out of applicable privacy and other laws, adverse publicity, or other events that may affect our business and financial performance.
the amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and policies maintained by our tenants, managers or other counterparties may not adequately insure against losses.
we maintain or require in our lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, managers or other counterparties maintain comprehensive insurance coverage on our properties and their operations with terms, conditions, limits and deductibles that we believe are customary for similarly situated companies in each industry. although we frequently review our insurance programs and requirements, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, managers or other counterparties will be able to procure or maintain adequate levels of insurance. as a result of the covid-19 pandemic, the cost of insurance has increased and may further increase, and, due to changes in coverage terms resulting from the covid-19 pandemic, insurance may not cover some claims related to covid-19. we also cannot assure you that we or our tenants, managers or other counterparties will maintain the insurance coverage required under our lease, management and other agreements, that we will continue to require the same levels of insurance under our lease, management and other agreements, that this insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future or at all or that the policies maintained will fully cover all losses on our properties when a catastrophic event occurs. we cannot make any guaranty as to the future financial viability of the insurers that underwrite our policies and the policies maintained by our tenants, managers and other counterparties. if we sustain losses in excess of our insurance coverage, we may be required to pay the difference and we could lose our investment in, or experience reduced profits and cash flows from, our operations.
in some cases, we and our tenants and managers may be subject to professional liability, general liability, employment, premise, privacy, environmental, unfair business practice and contracts claims brought by plaintiffs' attorneys seeking significant damages and attorneys' fees, some of which may not be insured or indemnified and some of which may result in significant damage awards. due to the historically high frequency and severity of professional liability claims against senior housing and healthcare providers, the availability of professional liability insurance has decreased, and the premiums on this insurance coverage remain costly. insurance for other claims such as wage and hour, certain environmental, privacy and unfair business practices may no longer be available, and the premiums on that insurance coverage, to the extent it is available, remain costly. as a result, insurance protection against these claims may not be sufficient to cover all claims against us or our tenants or managers and may not be available at a reasonable cost or otherwise on terms that provide adequate coverage. if we or our tenants and managers are unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage or are required to pay damages, we or they may be exposed to substantial liabilities, and the adverse impact on our or our tenants' and managers' respective financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be material, and could adversely affect our tenants' and managers' ability to meet their obligations to us.
additionally, we and those of our tenants and managers who self-insure or who transfer risk of losses to a wholly owned captive insurance company could incur large funded and unfunded property and liability expenses, which could materially adversely affect their or our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
failure to maintain effective internal controls could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
under the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management's assessment of the effectiveness of that control. because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, effective internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect material misstatement and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting and our operating internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls as a result of changes to our business or otherwise, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations.
we could incur substantial liabilities and costs if any of our properties are found to be contaminated with hazardous substances or we become involved in any environmental disputes.
under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, a current or former owner of real property may be liable for costs related to the investigation, removal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum that are released from or are present at or under, or that are disposed of in connection with the property. owners of real property may also face other environmental liabilities, including government fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities and damages for injuries to persons, property or natural resources. environmental laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the owner was aware of, or was responsible for, the presence, release or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum. in some circumstances, environmental liability may result from the activities of a current or former tenant or manager of the property. although we generally have indemnification rights against the current tenants or managers of our properties for contamination they cause, that indemnification may not adequately cover all environmental costs. see "government regulation-environmental regulation" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report.
our reit status risks loss of our status as a reit would have significant adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock.
if we lose our status as a reit (currently or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved because:
•we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to regular u.s. federal corporate income tax;
•unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified.
in addition, in such event we would no longer be required to pay dividends to maintain reit status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code") for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the determination of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control, as well as new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions, may adversely affect our investors or our ability to remain qualified as a reit for tax purposes. in order to maintain our qualification as a reit, we must satisfy a number of requirements, generally including requirements regarding the ownership of our stock, requirements regarding the composition of our assets, a requirement that at least 95% of our gross income in any year must be derived from qualifying sources, and a requirement to make distributions to our stockholders aggregating annually at least 90% of our net taxable income, excluding capital gains. although we believe that we currently qualify as a reit, we cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify for all future periods.
the 90% distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions.
to comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to reits and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. such distributions reduce the funds we have available to finance our investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment activity and may limit our ability to engage in transactions that are otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders.
from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to satisfy the reit distribution requirements. for example, timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand, or non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may prevent us from having sufficient cash or liquid assets to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement.
in the event that timing differences occur or we decide to retain cash or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation, we may seek to borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements. any of these actions may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations; however, see "our capital structure risks-we are highly dependent on access to the capital markets. limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy," above.  the terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness restrict our ability to engage in certain of these transactions.
to preserve our qualification as a reit, our certificate of incorporation contains ownership limits with respect to our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company.
to assist us in preserving our qualification as a reit, our certificate of incorporation provides that if a person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 9.0% of our outstanding common stock or more than 9.9% of our outstanding preferred stock, the shares that are beneficially owned in excess of the applicable limit are considered "excess shares" and are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our board of directors. the trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. we also have the right to purchase the excess shares for a price equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or (ii) the market price on the day we purchase the shares. if we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the shares at the direction of our board of directors. these ownership limits could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.
our use of taxable reit subsidiaries is limited under the code.
under the code, no more than 20% of the value of the gross assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss"). this limitation may affect our ability to increase the size of our trss' operations and assets, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the applicable limitation, or that such compliance will not adversely affect our business. also, our trss may not, among other things, operate or manage certain healthcare facilities, which may cause us to forgo investments we might otherwise make. finally, we may be subject to a 100% excise tax on the income derived from certain transactions with our trss that are not on an arm's-length basis. we believe our arrangements with our trss are on arm's-length terms and intend to continue to operate in a manner that allows us to avoid incurring the 100% excise tax described above, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid application of that tax.
complying with reit requirements may cause us to forego otherwise attractive opportunities (including investing in our tenants) or liquidate otherwise attractive investments.
to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets, the amounts we distribute to our stockholders and the ownership of our common stock. in order to meet these tests, we may be required to forego investments we might otherwise make (including investments in our tenants) or to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. this limited investment scope could also lead to financial risks or limit our flexibility during times of operating instability.
the lease of qualified healthcare properties to a trs is subject to special requirements.
we lease certain healthcare properties to trss, which in turn contract with third-party managers to manage the healthcare operations at these properties. the rents we receive from a trs pursuant to this arrangement are treated as qualifying rents from real property if the healthcare property is a qualified healthcare property (as defined in the code), the rents are paid pursuant to an arm's-length lease with a trs and the manager qualifies as an eligible independent contractor (as defined in the code). we have structured the applicable leases and related arrangements in a manner intended to meet these requirements, but there can be no assurance that these conditions will be satisfied. if any of these conditions is not satisfied with respect to a particular lease, then the rents we receive with respect to such lease will not be qualifying rents, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to comply with reit income tests and thus on our ability to qualify as a reit unless we are able to avail ourselves of certain relief provisions.
the tax imposed on reits engaging in "prohibited transactions" may limit our ability to engage in transactions which would be treated as sales for federal income tax purposes.
a reit's net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. in general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business, unless certain safe harbor exceptions apply. although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the irs would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors.
legislative or other actions affecting reits could have a negative effect on our stockholders or us.
the rules dealing with federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the irs and the u.s. treasury department. changes to the tax laws, with or without retroactive application, could adversely affect our investors or us. new legislation, u.s. treasury department regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify as a reit, the federal income tax consequences of such qualification, or the federal income tax consequences of an investment in us. also, the law relating to the tax treatment of other entities, or an investment in other entities, could change, making an investment in such other entities more attractive relative to an investment in a reit.
ventas may incur adverse tax consequences if new senior or any of ventas's subsidiary reits failed to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
ventas completed its merger with new senior and received an opinion from reit counsel to the effect that, at all times starting with its taxable year ended december 31, 2014 and through the closing date, new senior was organized and operated in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a reit under the code. the opinion is not binding on the irs or any court, and it is possible that the irs could take a contrary position or that this tax position might not be sustained. if new senior failed to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes, ventas would succeed to any tax liabilities. these liabilities could be significant, and ventas could possibly fail to qualify as a reit. if new senior failed to qualify as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes, for the five-year period after the merger, upon a taxable disposition of any of new senior's assets, ventas could be subject to corporate-level tax with respect to all or a portion of the gain so recognized. ventas's reit status also depends on the ongoing qualification of subsidiary entities qualifying as reits or trss, as applicable, as a result of its substantial ownership interest in those entities.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion provides information that management believes is relevant to an understanding and assessment of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of ventas, inc. you should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report and our risk factors included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
business summary and overview of 2021
ventas, inc., an s&p 500 company, is a real estate investment trust ("reit") operating at the intersection of healthcare and real estate. we hold a highly diversified portfolio of senior housing communities, medical office buildings ("mobs"), life science, research and innovation centers, hospitals and other healthcare facilities, which we generally refer to as "healthcare real estate", located throughout the united states, canada, and the united kingdom. as of december 31, 2021, we owned or had investments in approximately 1,200 properties (including properties classified as held for sale). our company was originally founded in 1983 and is headquartered in chicago, illinois with additional corporate offices in louisville, kentucky and new york, new york.
we primarily invest in a diversified portfolio of healthcare real estate assets through wholly owned subsidiaries and other co-investment entities. we operate through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations, which we also refer to as shop, and office operations. see our consolidated financial statements and the related notes, including "note 2 - accounting policies" and "note 18 - segment information," included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report. our senior housing communities are either subject to triple-net leases, in which case they are included in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment, or operated by independent third-party managers, in which case they are included in our senior living operations reportable business segment.
we aim to enhance shareholder value by delivering consistent, superior total returns through a strategy of (1) generating reliable and growing cash flows, (2) maintaining a balanced, diversified portfolio of high-quality assets and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity.
our ability to access capital in a timely and cost-effective manner is critical to the success of our business strategy because it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including the repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments. factors such as general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the trading price of our common stock impact our access to and cost of external capital. for that reason, we generally attempt to match the long-term duration of our investments in real property with long-term financing through the issuance of shares of our common stock or the incurrence of long-term fixed rate debt.
continuing impact of and response to the covid-19 pandemic and its extended consequences during fiscal 2020 and continuing into fiscal 2021, the covid-19 pandemic has negatively affected our businesses in a number of ways, and is expected to continue to do so.
operating results. our senior living operations segment, which we also refer to as shop, continued to be impacted by the covid-19 pandemic. occupancy began to improve starting in the second quarter of 2021 and continued over the course of 2021. during 2021, a broader macro labor shortage drove increased labor costs at our communities, resulting in continued decline in noi compared to 2020.
provider relief grants. in 2020 and 2021, we applied for grants under phase 2, phase 3 and phase 4 of the provider relief fund administered by the u.s. department of health & human services ("hhs") on behalf of the assisted living communities in our senior living operations segment to partially mitigate losses attributable to covid-19. these grants are intended to reimburse eligible providers for expenses incurred to prevent, prepare for and respond to covid-19 and lost revenues attributable to covid-19. recipients are not required to repay distributions from the provider relief fund, provided that they attest to and comply with certain terms and conditions. see "government regulation-governmental response to the covid-19 pandemic" in part i, item 1 of this annual report.
during 2021 and 2020, we received $15.4 million and $35.1 million, respectively, in grants in connection with our applications and recognized these grants within property-level operating expenses in our consolidated statements of income in the period in which they were received. subsequent to december 31, 2021, we received $34.0 million in grants in connection with our phase 4 applications, which we expect to recognize in 2022. any grants that are ultimately received and retained by us are not expected to fully offset the losses incurred in our senior living operating portfolio that are attributable to covid-19. further, although we continue to monitor and evaluate the terms and conditions associated with the provider relief fund distributions, we cannot assure you that we will be in compliance with all requirements related to the payments received under the provider relief fund.
continuing impact. the trajectory and future impact of the covid-19 pandemic remains highly uncertain. the extent of the pandemic's continuing and ultimate effect on our operational and financial performance will depend on a variety of factors, including the impact of new variants of the virus and the effectiveness of available vaccines against those variants; ongoing clinical experience, which may differ considerably across regions and fluctuate over time; and on other future developments, including the ultimate duration, spread and intensity of the outbreak, the availability of testing, the extent to which governments impose, roll-back or re-impose preventative restrictions and the availability of ongoing government financial support to our business, tenants and operators. due to these uncertainties, we are not able at this time to estimate the ultimate impact of the covid-19 pandemic on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
see "risk factors - risks related to the covid-19 pandemic" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report and "note 1 - description of business - covid-19 update" of the notes to consolidated financial statements in part ii, item 8 of this annual report for a description of charges recognized during the year ended december 31, 2020 as a result of the covid-19 pandemic.
select 2021 and early 2022 highlights investments and dispositions
•during the year ended december 31, 2021, we acquired six canadian senior housing communities reported within our senior living operations reportable business segment and a behavioral health center in plano, texas reported within our office operations reportable business segment for aggregate consideration of $240.7 million.
•during the year ended december 31, 2021, we sold 34 mobs, eight triple-net leased properties and 23 senior housing communities for aggregate consideration of $859.7 million and recognized gains on the sale of these assets of $218.8 million in our consolidated statements of income.
•in october 2021, we received proceeds of $45.0 million in full repayment of a note from brookdale senior living. the note was issued to us in connection with the modification of our lease with brookdale senior living in the third quarter of 2020.
•in september 2021, we completed our acquisition of new senior investment group inc. ("new senior") for a purchase price of $2.3 billion in an all-stock transaction, which added over 100 independent living properties to our senior housing portfolio. we funded the transaction through the issuance of approximately 13.3 million shares of our common stock, the assumption of $482.5 million of new senior mortgage debt and $1.1 billion of cash paid at closing.
•in september 2021, we completed a buyout of pacific medical buildings' interest in the state-of-the-art, newly developed sutter van ness medical office building.
•in july 2021, we received $66.0 million from holiday retirement as repayment in full of secured notes which holiday retirement previously issued to us as part of a lease termination transaction entered into in april 2020.
•in july 2021, we received $224 million for the full redemption of ardent's outstanding 9.75% senior notes due 2026 at a price equal to 107.313% of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. this redemption resulted in a gain of $16.6 million.
•in february 2022, we closed on the acquisitions of 18 mobs leased to affiliates of ardent for $204 million and one senior housing community within our senior living operations reportable business segment for $105.4 million.
liquidity and capital
•as of december 31, 2021, we had approximately $2.5 billion in liquidity, including availability under our revolving credit facility and cash and cash equivalents on hand, with $280.0 million borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program and negligible near-term debt maturing.
•in august 2021, ventas realty limited partnership ("ventas realty") issued a make whole notice of redemption for the entirety of the $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125% senior notes due 2023, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $20.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the redemption settled in september 2021, principally using cash on hand.
•in july 2021, ventas realty and ventas capital corporation issued a make whole notice of redemption for the entirety of the $263.7 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $8.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the redemption settled in august 2021, principally using cash on hand.
•in february 2021, ventas realty issued a make whole notice of redemption for the entirety of the $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.10% senior notes due january 2023, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $27.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the redemption settled in march 2021, principally using cash on hand.
•in january 2021, we entered into an unsecured credit facility comprised of a $2.75 billion unsecured revolving credit facility priced at libor plus 0.825%, which replaced our previous $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility priced at 0.875%. the new unsecured revolving credit facility matures in january 2025, but may be extended at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for an additional year. the unsecured revolving credit facility also includes an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to $3.75 billion, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions.
•during 2021, we sold 10.9 million shares of our common stock under our "at-the-market" equity offering program ("atm program") for gross proceeds of $626.4 million, representing an average price of $57.71 per share. in november 2021, we replaced our atm program with a similar program, under which we may sell up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of our common stock. as of december 31, 2021, we have $1.0 billion remaining under our existing atm program.
portfolio
•we successfully transitioned the operations of 90 senior living communities owned by us and operated under management agreements with eclipse senior living, inc. ("esl") to seven experienced managers by the start of january 2022. esl is expected to cease operation of its management business in 2022 following completion of the transitions. we incurred certain one-time transition costs and expenses in connection with the transitions.
environmental, social and governance
•during 2021, we continued our leadership in esg, receiving numerous recognitions and accolades, including the cdp "a list" for climate change in 2021, the 2021 nareit health care "leader in the light" award for a fifth consecutive year, the 2022 bloomberg gender-equality index for the third consecutive year, the 2021 dow jones sustainability world index for the third consecutive year, earning a 4-star gresb rating for the ninth consecutive year, and named a 2021 energy star® partner of the year.
other items
•in march 2021, the ventas life science and healthcare real estate fund, l.p. (the "ventas fund") acquired two class-a life science properties in the baltimore-dc life science cluster for $272 million, which increased the ventas fund's assets under management to $2.1 billion.
•during 2021 and in first quarter of 2022, we received $15.4 million and $34.0 million, respectively, in grants in connection with our phase 3 and phase 4 applications to the provider relief fund administered by the u.s. department of health & human services ("hhs") on behalf of the assisted living communities in our senior living operations segment to partially mitigate losses attributable to covid-19.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") set forth in the accounting standards codification ("asc"), as published by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"). gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we base these estimates on our experience and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. however, if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, we may have applied a different accounting treatment, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. we periodically reevaluate our estimates and assumptions, and in the event they prove to be different from actual results, we make adjustments in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. we believe that the critical accounting policies described below, among others, affect our more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. for more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see "note 2 - accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
principles of consolidation the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
gaap requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities ("vies"). a vie is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity's activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; and (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity's activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. we consolidate our investment in a vie when we determine that we are its primary beneficiary. we may change our original assessment of a vie upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affects the characteristics or adequacy of the entity's equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary.
we identify the primary beneficiary of a vie as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the vie that could be significant to the entity. we perform this analysis on an ongoing basis.
accounting for real estate acquisitions when we acquire real estate, we first make reasonable judgments about whether the transaction involves an asset or a business. our real estate acquisitions are generally accounted for as asset acquisitions as substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. regardless of whether an acquisition is considered a business combination or an asset acquisition, we record the cost of the businesses or assets acquired as tangible and intangible assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date.
we estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis or replacement cost basis and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, generally not to exceed 35 years. we determine the fair value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets' estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. we determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analyses of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. we generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. however, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. during the remaining construction period, we capitalize project costs until the development has reached substantial completion. construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion.
intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases and acquired lease contracts. we include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
the fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. we amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. if a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized amounts of lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations over the shortened lease term.
we estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities, if any, by discounting the difference between the applicable property's acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price. we do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale.
in connection with an acquisition, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. we generally assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. we assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. to the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability at fair value and amortize that asset or liability to interest or rental expense in our consolidated statements of income over the applicable lease term. where we are the lessee, we record the acquisition date values of leases, including any above or below market value, within operating lease assets and operating lease liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
we estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities.
we calculate the fair value of long-term assumed debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument.
impairment of long-lived and intangible assets we periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. if indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. in performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. we adjust the net book value of real estate properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. we recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination.
estimates of fair value used in our evaluation of investments in real estate are based upon discounted future cash flow projections, if necessary, or other acceptable valuation techniques that are based, in turn, upon all available evidence including level three inputs, such as revenue and expense growth rates, estimates of future cash flows, capitalization rates, discount rates, general economic conditions and trends, or other available market data such as replacement cost or comparable sales. our ability to accurately predict future operating results and cash flows and to estimate and determine fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. while we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results.
recently issued accounting standards in november 2021, the fasb issued asu 2021-10, disclosures by business entities about government assistance, ("asu 2022-10") which requires expanded disclosure for transactions involving the receipt of government assistance. required disclosures include a description of the nature of transactions with government entities, our accounting policies for such transactions and their impact to our consolidated financial statements. asu 2021-10 is effective for us beginning january 1, 2022 and adoption of this standard is not expected to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations as of december 31, 2021, we operated through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations and office operations. in our triple-net leased properties segment, we invest in and own senior housing and healthcare properties throughout the united states and the united kingdom and lease those properties to healthcare operating companies under triple-net or absolute-net leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. in our senior living operations segment, we invest in senior housing communities throughout the united states and canada and engage independent operators, such as atria and sunrise, to manage those communities. in our office operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease and manage mobs and life science, research and innovation centers throughout the united states. information provided for "all other" includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. assets included in "all other" consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments, and miscellaneous accounts receivable.
our chief operating decision makers evaluate performance of the combined properties in each reportable business segment and determine how to allocate resources to those segments, in significant part, based on segment net operating income ("noi") and related measures. for further information regarding our reportable business segments and a discussion of our definition of segment noi, see "note 18 - segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report. see "non-gaap financial measures" included elsewhere in this annual report for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with gaap, to noi.
the table below shows our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders (dollars in thousands).
for the years ended                                      (decrease) increase to december 31,                                                  net income
loss on extinguishment of debt, net                                                                                          (59,299)                            (10,791)                    (48,508)                                   nm transaction expenses and deal costs                                                                                          (47,318)                            (29,812)                    (17,506)                          (58.7)
allowance on loans receivable and investments                                                                                   9,082                            (24,238)                      33,320                                   nm other                                                                                                                        (37,110)                               (707)                    (36,403)                                   nm
(loss) income before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests           (162,385)                              80,589                   (242,974)                                   nm income from unconsolidated entities                                                                                             4,983                               1,844                       3,139                                   nm gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                              218,788                             262,218                    (43,430)                          (16.6)
income tax (expense) benefit                                                                                                  (4,827)                              96,534                   (101,361)                                   nm income from continuing operations                                                                                              56,559                             441,185                   (384,626)                          (87.2)
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                             7,551                               2,036                       5,515                                   nm net income attributable to common stockholders                                                                                $49,008                            $439,149                   (390,141)                          (88.8)
nm-not meaningful segment noi-triple-net leased properties the following table summarizes results of operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended   (decrease) increase to december 31,   segment noi
in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment, our revenues generally consist of fixed rental amounts (subject to contractual escalations) received from our tenants in accordance with the applicable lease terms. we report revenues and property-level operating expenses within our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment for real estate tax and insurance expenses that are paid from escrows collected from our tenants.
the decrease in our triple-net leased properties segment noi in 2021 over the prior year was primarily driven by (i) a $69.0 million reduction (including $18.2 million of contractual rent) attributable to the net impact of the transition of 26 independent living assets operated by holiday retirement, from our triple-net portfolio to our senior housing operating portfolio in the beginning of the second quarter of 2020, (ii) a $17.3 million reduction in rental income under our lease with brookdale senior living following modification of the lease in the third quarter of 2020, and (iii) a $29.6 million reduction attributable to rental income from communities that were sold or transitioned to our senior housing operating portfolio prior to december 31, 2021. these decreases were partially offset by the $22.3 million non-cash benefit of a lease termination in connection with a transition to a new operator under a management contract during the third quarter of 2021 and $67.6 million of covid-19 related write-offs of previously accrued straight-line rental income during the second and third quarters of 2020.
occupancy rates may affect the profitability of our tenants' operations. for senior housing communities and post-acute properties in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment, occupancy generally reflects average operator-reported unit and bed occupancy, respectively, for the reporting period. because triple-net financials are delivered to us following the reporting period, occupancy is reported in arrears. the following table sets forth average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2021 and measured over the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2021 (which is the most recent information available to us from our tenants) and average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2020 and measured over the 12 months ended september 30, 2020. the table excludes non-stabilized properties, properties owned through investments in unconsolidated real estate entities, certain properties for which we do not receive occupancy information and properties acquired or properties that transitioned operators for which we do not have a full four quarters of occupancy results.
number of properties at december 31, 2021                  average occupancy for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2021                number of properties at december 31, 2020                  average occupancy for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2020
senior housing communities                                          261                                                                         73.5                         %                                      290                                                                         82.1                         %
skilled nursing facilities ("snfs")                                  16                                                                         75.9                                                                 16                                                                         82.9
declines in occupancy are primarily the result of covid-19 impacts to senior housing and snf operations.
the following table compares results of operations for our 328 same-store triple-net leased properties. see "non-gaap financial measures-noi" included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional disclosure regarding same-store noi for each of our reportable business segments (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                             increase to december 31,                             segment noi
the increase in our same-store triple-net leased properties rental income in 2021 over the prior year was attributable primarily to $60.8 million of covid-19 related write-offs of previously accrued straight-line rental income during 2020 and rent increases due to contractual escalations pursuant to the terms of our leases, partially offset by $17.3 million in lower rental income recognized under our lease with brookdale senior living following modification of the lease in the third quarter of 2020.
segment noi-senior living operations the following table summarizes results of operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                             increase (decrease) to december 31,                                        segment noi
number of                                          average unit                                    average monthly revenue per occupied room for properties at                                             occupancy                                                                  the years ended december 31,                                   for the years ended                                                                     december 31, december 31,
total communities         545                     432                   78.5    %                     81.7    %                   $4,487                                          $4,766
resident fees and services include all amounts earned from residents at our senior housing communities, such as rental fees related to resident leases, extended health care fees and other ancillary service income. property-level operating expenses related to our senior living operations segment include labor, food, utilities, marketing, management and other costs of operating the properties. for senior housing communities in our senior living operations reportable business segment, occupancy generally reflects average operator-reported unit occupancy for the reporting period. average monthly revenue per occupied room reflects average resident fees and services per operator-reported occupied unit for the reporting period.
the decrease in our senior living operations segment noi in 2021 over the prior year is primarily driven by lower occupancy, revenue per occupied room and hhs proceeds received and higher operating expenses, principally labor costs, partially offset by the addition of over 100 independent living properties in the third quarter of 2021 as a result of the new senior acquisition, the transition of assets from our triple-net portfolio to our senior living operating portfolio and development properties placed in service. during 2021 and 2020, we received $15.4 million and $35.1 million, respectively, from hhs under the provider relief fund, which reduced property-level operating expenses in the applicable period.
the following table compares results of operations for our 276 same-store senior living operating communities (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended   decrease to december 31,   segment noi
number of                                          average unit                                    average monthly revenue per occupied room for properties at                                             occupancy                                                                  the years ended december 31,                                   for the years ended                                                                     december 31, december 31,
same-store communities          276                     276                   81.6    %                     84.2    %                   $4,939                                          $5,069
the decrease in our same-store senior living operations segment noi is primarily driven by lower occupancy, revenue per occupied room and hhs proceeds received and higher operating expenses, principally labor costs, partially offset by lower direct covid-19 costs such as ppe in 2021. during 2021 and 2020, we received $9.4 million and $26.1 million, respectively, from hhs under the provider relief fund, which reduced property-level operating expenses in the applicable period.
segment noi-office operations the following table summarizes results of operations in our office operations reportable business segment, including assets sold or classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands). for properties in our office operations reportable business segment, occupancy generally reflects occupied square footage divided by net rentable square footage as of the end of the reporting period.
for the years ended                                    (decrease) increase to december 31,                                               segment noi
office building services revenue                      8,384                             8,675                       (291)                         (3.4)
office building and other services costs            (1,798)                           (2,315)        517                         22.3
number of                                 occupancy at                                    annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the years ended december 31, properties at                                 december 31, december 31,
total office buildings          342                     374                 90.8   %                89.7   %                              $35                                                                     $34
the decrease in our office operations segment noi in 2021 over the prior year was primarily due to assets sold in the first quarter of 2020, business interruption insurance proceeds received in 2020 and dispositions of non-core assets during 2021. these decreases were partially offset by new leasing, increased tenant retention and improved parking revenues.
the following table compares results of operations for our 327 same-store office buildings (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                         increase (decrease) to december 31,                                    segment noi
number of                                 occupancy at                                    annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the years ended december 31, properties at                                 december 31, december 31,
same-store office buildings           327                     327                 92.3   %                91.8   %                              $35                                                                     $34
segment noi - all other information provided for all other segment noi includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. the $3.0 million decrease in all other segment noi in 2021 over the prior year was primarily due to reduced interest income from our loans receivable investments due to loan repayments during 2021 and lower libor-based interest rates as well as costs associated with the ventas investment management platform. this is partially offset by the $16.6 million gain recognized in 2021 for the redemption of ardent's outstanding 9.75% senior notes due 2026 and an increase in management fee revenues from investments in unconsolidated real estate entities. see "note 6 - loans receivable and investments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
company results interest and other income the $7.2 million increase in interest and other income in 2021 over the prior year is primarily due to a $13.1 million payment received in the fourth quarter of 2021 related to certain 2021 kindred transactions (see "note 3 - concentration of credit risk" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k) offset by a 2020 reduction of a liability related to an acquisition and interest income on short-term investments.
interest expense the $29.5 million decrease in total interest expense in 2021 over the prior year was primarily attributable to a decrease of $34.5 million due to lower debt balances, partially offset by an increase of $6.3 million due to a higher effective interest rate. our gaap weighted average effective interest rate was 3.6% for 2021, compared to 3.5% for 2020. capitalized interest for 2021 and 2020 was $11.3 million and $9.6 million, respectively.
depreciation and amortization the $87.6 million increase in depreciation and amortization expense in 2021 over the prior year is primarily due to a $65.6 million increase in impairments recognized in 2021 relating to properties that were sold or classified as held for sale and a $42.0 million increase related to the september 2021 acquisition of new senior, partially offset by the impact of sold properties during 2020 and 2021.
loss on extinguishment of debt, net the $48.5 million increase in loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2021 is primarily related to an aggregate $56.4 million loss recognized during 2021 for the redemptions of $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.10% senior notes due january 2023, $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125% senior notes due 2023, and $263.7 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022, partially offset by the $7.4 million loss recognized in 2020 for the redemption of $236.3 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.25% senior notes due 2022.
transaction expenses and deal costs the $17.5 million increase in transaction expenses and deal costs in 2021 over the prior year was primarily associated with increased costs in 2021 associated with operator transitions, partially offset by costs incurred in 2020 related to our lease modifications with brookdale senior living, severance related charges and captive insurance organization costs.
allowance on loans receivable and investments the $33.3 million change in allowance on loans receivable and investments was due to the recognition of covid-19 related credit losses during 2020 and the subsequent reversal of certain allowances in the first quarter of 2021 due to a change in our estimate of credit losses.
other the $36.4 million increase in other expenses in 2021 is primarily due to a $1.2 million unrealized loss on changes in fair value of stock warrants received in connection with the brookdale senior living lease modification compared to an unrealized gain of $22.0 million recognized during 2020. in addition, there was an increase of $9.0 million relating to 2021 natural disaster events.
income from unconsolidated entities the $3.1 million increase in income from unconsolidated entities for 2021 over 2020 was primarily due to our share of increased net income from our investees.
gain on real estate dispositions the $43.4 million decrease in gain on real estate dispositions was due to the dispositions of 34 mobs, eight triple-net leased properties and 23 senior housing communities, which resulted in gains on sale of real estate of $218.8 million recognized in 2021 compared to gains of $262.2 million in 2020. the gain on real estate dispositions for 2020 was primarily attributable to the sale of six properties during the first quarter of 2020.
income tax expense the $101.4 million increase in income tax expense related to continuing operations for 2021 over 2020 is primarily due to a $152.9 million deferred tax benefit related to the internal restructuring of certain u.s. taxable reit subsidiaries completed within the first quarter of 2020, partially offset by changes in the valuation allowance in 2020 against deferred tax assets of certain of our trs entities. the restructuring benefit resulted from the transfer of assets subject to certain deferred tax liabilities from taxable reit subsidiaries to the entities other than the trs entities in this tax-free transaction.
our annual report for the year ended december 31, 2020, filed with the sec on february 23, 2021, contains information regarding our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2020 and 2019 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.
non-gaap financial measures we consider certain non-gaap financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. a non-gaap financial measure is a measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are not so excluded from or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with u.s. gaap. described below are the non-gaap financial measures used by management to evaluate our operating performance and that we consider most useful to investors, together with reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
the non-gaap financial measures we present in this annual report may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. you should not consider these measures as alternatives to net income attributable to common stockholders (determined in accordance with gaap) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with gaap) as measures of our liquidity, nor are these measures necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, you should examine these measures in conjunction with net income attributable to common stockholders as presented in our consolidated financial statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this annual report.
funds from operations and normalized funds from operations attributable to common stockholders historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. however, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. for that reason, we consider funds from operations attributable to common stockholders ("ffo") and normalized ffo to be appropriate supplemental measures of operating performance of an equity reit. we believe that the presentation of ffo, combined with the presentation of required gaap financial measures, has improved the understanding of operating results of reits among the investing public and has helped make comparisons of reit operating results more meaningful. management generally considers ffo to be a useful measure for understanding and comparing our operating results because, by excluding gains and losses related to sales of previously depreciated operating real estate assets, impairment losses on depreciable real estate and real estate asset depreciation and amortization (which can differ across owners of similar assets in similar condition based on historical cost accounting and useful life estimates), ffo can help investors compare the operating performance of a company's real estate across reporting periods and to the operating performance of other companies. we believe that normalized ffo is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by non-recurring items and other non-operational events such as transactions and litigation. in some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of ffo and normalized ffo because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results.
we use the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") definition of ffo. nareit defines ffo as net income attributable to common stockholders (computed in accordance with gaap) excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, including gain (or loss) on re-measurement of equity method investments and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated entities. adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and entities will be calculated to reflect ffo on the same basis. we define normalized ffo as ffo excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a) transaction costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles, transition and integration expenses and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to acquisition lawsuits; (b) the impact of any expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses, the non-cash impact of changes to our executive equity compensation plan, derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our consolidated statements of income and non-cash charges related to leases; (d) the financial impact of contingent consideration, severance-related costs and charitable donations to the ventas charitable foundation; (e) gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments; (f) gains and losses on non-real estate dispositions and other unusual items related to unconsolidated entities; (g) net expenses or recoveries related to natural disasters and (h) any other incremental items set forth in the normalized ffo reconciliation included herein.
the following table summarizes our ffo and normalized ffo for each of the three years ended december 31, 2021 (dollars in thousands). the decrease in normalized ffo for the year ended december 31, 2021 over the prior year is due to the impact of covid-19 on our senior housing and triple-net lease segments, and decreased noi from dispositions during 2020 and 2021, partially offset by a decrease in interest expense and additional property level noi from the new senior acquisition.
for the years ended december 31,
depreciation and amortization on real estate assets                                                                1,192,856                           1,104,114                           1,039,550
depreciation on real estate assets related to noncontrolling interests                                              (18,498)                            (16,767)                             (9,762)
depreciation on real estate assets related to unconsolidated entities                                                 17,888                               4,986                                 187
gain on real estate dispositions related to unconsolidated entities                                                        -                                   -                             (1,263)
gain (loss) on real estate dispositions related to noncontrolling interests                                              302                                 (9)                                 343
gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                   (218,788)                           (262,218)                            (26,022)
change in fair value of financial instruments                                                                          1,207                            (21,928)                                (78)
non-cash income tax benefit                                                                                          (1,224)                            (98,114)                            (58,918)
gain on transactions related to unconsolidated entities                                                              (6,328)                               (597)                                (18)
transaction expenses and deal costs                                                                                   54,874                              34,690                              18,208
other items related to unconsolidated entities                                                                         1,479                               (614)                               3,291
non-cash impact of changes to equity plan                                                                              1,796                               (452)                               7,812
write-off of straight-line rental income, net of noncontrolling interests                                                  -                              70,863                                   -
allowance on loan investments and impairment of unconsolidated entities, net of noncontrolling interests             (9,074)                              34,543                                   -
noi we also consider noi an important supplemental measure because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results with those of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. we define noi as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and office building and other services costs. cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other gaap policies.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income attributable to common stockholders to noi (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended december 31,
transaction expenses and deal costs                                47,318                              29,812                              15,235
allowance on loan receivable and investments                      (9,082)                              24,238                                   -
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                 7,551                               2,036                               6,281
(income) loss from unconsolidated entities                        (4,983)                             (1,844)                               2,454
income tax expense (benefit)                                        4,827                            (96,534)                            (56,310)
gain on real estate dispositions                                (218,788)                           (262,218)                            (26,022)
see "results of operations" for discussions regarding both segment noi and same-store segment noi. we define same-store as properties owned, consolidated and operational for the full period in both comparison periods and are not otherwise excluded; provided, however, that we may include selected properties that otherwise meet the same-store criteria if they are included in substantially all of, but not a full, period for one or both of the comparison periods, and in our judgment such inclusion provides a more meaningful presentation of our portfolio performance.
newly acquired development properties and recently developed or redeveloped properties in our senior living operations segment will be included in same-store once they are stabilized for the full period in both periods presented. these properties are considered stabilized upon the earlier of (a) the achievement of 80% sustained occupancy or (b) 24 months from the date of acquisition or substantial completion of work. recently developed or redeveloped properties in our office operations and triple-net leased properties segments will be included in same-store once substantial completion of work has occurred for the full period in both periods presented. our senior living operations and triple-net leased properties that have undergone operator or business model transitions will be included in same-store once operating under consistent operating structures for the full period in both periods presented.
properties are excluded from same-store if they are: (i) sold, classified as held for sale or properties whose operations were classified as discontinued operations in accordance with gaap; (ii) impacted by materially disruptive events such as flood or fire; (iii) for shop, those properties that are currently undergoing a materially disruptive redevelopment; (iv) for our office operations and triple-net lease properties, those properties for which management has an intention to institute, or has instituted, a redevelopment plan because the properties may require major property-level expenditures to maximize value, increase noi, or maintain a market-competitive position and/or achieve property stabilization, most commonly as a result of an expected or actual material change in occupancy or noi; or (v) for the senior living operations and triple-net leased segments, those properties that are scheduled to undergo operator or business model transitions, or have transitioned operators or business models after the start of the prior comparison period.
to eliminate the impact of exchange rate movements, all portfolio performance-based disclosures assume constant exchange rates across comparable periods, using the following methodology: the current period's results are shown in actual reported usd, while prior comparison period's results are adjusted and converted to usd based on the average exchange rate for the current period.
asset/liability management asset/liability management, a key element of enterprise risk management, is designed to support the achievement of our business strategy, while ensuring that we maintain appropriate and tolerable levels of market risk (primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk) and credit risk. effective management of these risks is a contributing factor to the absolute levels and variability of our ffo and net worth. the following discussion addresses our integrated management of assets and liabilities, including the use of derivative financial instruments.
market risk we are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates with respect to borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans, certain of our mortgage loans that are floating rate obligations, mortgage loans receivable that bear interest at floating rates and available for sale securities. these market risks result primarily from changes in libor rates or prime rates. to manage these risks, we continuously monitor our level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including our assessment of current and future economic conditions. see "risk factors-we are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective." included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
the table below sets forth certain information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums and discounts (dollars in thousands):
secured revolving construction credit facility                         -                             -                       160,492
unsecured revolving credit facility                               56,448                        39,395                       120,787
secured revolving construction credit facility                         -                       154,098                             -
secured revolving construction credit facility                   -                             -                           1.3
unsecured revolving credit facility                            0.5                           0.3                           1.0
secured revolving construction credit facility                   -                           1.3                             -
secured revolving construction credit facility                   -                             -                           4.5
unsecured revolving credit facility                            1.1                           1.0                           2.4
secured revolving construction credit facility                   -                           1.9                             -
the variable rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $145.6 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from march 2022 to may 2022, in each case that effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. in addition, the fixed rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $303.1 million and c$274.0 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from january 2023 to april 2031, in each case that effectively convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. see "note 10 - senior notes payable and other debt" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
the increase in our fixed rate debt from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021 was primarily due to an increase in mortgage loans outstanding, largely as a result of mortgage debt assumed in connection with the new senior acquisition, and the issuance of $500.0 million of senior notes due in 2031, partially offset by the redemptions of senior notes due in 2022 and 2023.
the decrease in our outstanding variable rate debt at december 31, 2021 compared to december 31, 2020 is primarily attributable to the payoffs of senior notes, the secured revolving construction credit facility, and secured mortgages, all partially offset by an increase in commercial paper notes outstanding.
assuming a 100 basis point increase in the weighted average interest rate related to our variable rate debt and assuming no change in our variable rate debt outstanding as of december 31, 2021, interest expense on an annualized basis would increase by approximately $10.4 million, or $0.03 per diluted common share.
as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, our joint venture partners' aggregate share of total debt was $278.0 million and $271.6 million, respectively, with respect to certain properties we owned through consolidated joint ventures. total debt does not include our portion of debt related to investments in unconsolidated real estate entities, which was $338.1 million and $213.0 million as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
the fair value of our fixed rate debt is based on current market interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings. increases in market interest rates typically result in a decrease in the fair value of fixed rate debt while decreases in market interest rates typically result in an increase in the fair value of fixed rate date. while changes in market interest rates affect the fair value of our fixed rate debt, these changes do not affect the interest expense associated with our fixed rate debt. therefore, interest rate risk does not have a significant impact on our fixed rate debt obligations until their maturity or earlier prepayment and refinancing. if interest rates have risen at the time we seek to refinance our fixed rate debt, whether at maturity or otherwise, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional borrowing costs. conversely, lower interest rates at the time of refinancing may reduce our overall borrowing costs.
to highlight the sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates, the following summary shows the effects of a hypothetical instantaneous change of 100 basis points in interest rates (dollars in thousands):
gross book value                                        $10,990,981                         $10,458,262
fair value                                               11,766,336                          11,550,236
fair value reflecting change in interest rates:
the change in fair value of our fixed rate debt from december 31, 2020 to december 31, 2021 was due primarily to the assumption of fixed rate mortgage debt in our acquisition of new senior partially offset by 2021 senior note repayments, net of new issuances.
as of december 31, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of our secured and non-mortgage loans receivable, based on our estimates of currently prevailing rates for comparable loans, was $498.0 million and $565.7 million, respectively. see "note 6 - loans receivable and investments" and "note 11 - fair values of financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
as a result of our canadian and united kingdom operations, we are subject to fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and operating performance. based solely on our results for the year ended december 31, 2021 (including the impact of existing hedging arrangements), if the value of the u.s.
dollar relative to the british pound and canadian dollar were to increase or decrease by one standard deviation compared to the average exchange rate during the year, our normalized ffo per share for the year ended december 31, 2021 would decrease or increase, as applicable, by $0.01 per share or 1%. we will continue to mitigate these risks through a layered approach to hedging looking out for the next year and continual assessment of our foreign operational capital structure. nevertheless, we cannot assure you that any such fluctuations will not have an effect on our earnings.
concentration and credit risk we use concentration ratios to identify, understand and evaluate the potential impact of economic downturns and other adverse events that may affect our asset types, geographic locations, business models, and tenants, operators and managers. we evaluate concentration risk in terms of investment mix and operations mix. investment mix measures the percentage of our investments that is concentrated in a specific asset type or that is operated or managed by a particular tenant, operator or manager. operations mix measures the percentage of our operating results that is attributed to a particular tenant, operator or manager, geographic location or business model. the following tables reflect our concentration risk as of the dates and for the periods presented:
investment mix by asset type (1):
senior housing communities                                     67.4    %                     63.5    %
life science, research and innovation centers                   6.7                           7.1
health systems                                                  5.0                           5.2
secured loans receivable and investments, net                   1.7                           2.1
investment mix by tenant, operator and manager (1):
(1)ratios are based on the gross book value of consolidated real estate investments (excluding properties classified as held for sale) as of each reporting date.
for the years ended december 31,
operations mix by tenant and operator and business model:
california                                                           15.0    %                     15.7    %                     15.9    %
(1)total revenues include office building and other services revenue, revenue from loans and investments and interest and other income (including amounts related to assets classified as held for sale).
(2)results exclude eight senior housing communities which are included in the senior living operations reportable business segment.
(3)ratios are based on total revenues (including amounts related to assets classified as held for sale) for each period presented.
see "non-gaap financial measures" included elsewhere in this annual report for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders, as computed in accordance with gaap to noi.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases in which the rental rate is generally fixed with escalators, subject to certain limitations. some of our triple-net lease escalators are contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters or based on increases in the consumer price index ("cpi"), with caps, floors or collars. we also earn revenues directly from individual residents in our senior housing communities that are managed by independent operators, such as atria and sunrise, and tenants in our office buildings.
the concentration of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income that are attributed to brookdale senior living, ardent and kindred creates credit risk. if any of brookdale senior living, ardent or kindred becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us or to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof, our financial condition and results of operations could decline, and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions to our stockholders could be impaired. see "risk factors-our business operations and strategy risks-a significant portion of our revenues and operating income is dependent on a limited number of tenants and managers, including brookdale senior living, ardent, kindred, atria and sunrise." included in part i, item 1a of this annual report and "note 3 - concentration of credit risk" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report.
we regularly monitor and assess any changes in the relative credit risk of our significant tenants, and in particular those tenants that have recourse obligations under our triple-net leases. the ratios and metrics we use to evaluate a significant tenant's liquidity and creditworthiness depend on facts and circumstances specific to that tenant and the industry or industries in which it operates, including without limitation the tenant's credit history and economic conditions related to the tenant, its operations and the markets in which the tenant operates, that may vary over time. among other things, we may (i) review and analyze information regarding the real estate, senior housing and healthcare industries generally, publicly available information regarding the significant tenant, and information required to be provided by the tenant under the terms of its lease agreements with us, (ii) examine monthly or quarterly financial statements of the significant tenant to the extent publicly available or otherwise provided under the terms of our lease agreements, and (iii) participate in periodic discussions and in-person meetings with representatives of the significant tenant. using this information, we calculate multiple financial ratios (which may, but do not necessarily, include leverage, fixed charge coverage and tangible net worth), after making certain adjustments based on our judgment, and assess other metrics we deem relevant to an understanding of the significant tenant's credit risk.
because atria and sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. however, we rely on our managers' personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. we also rely on atria and sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financials results in a timely manner and otherwise operate our senior housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements as provided therein, atria's or sunrise's failure, inability or unwillingness to satisfy its respective obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-our business operations and strategy risks." included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
we hold a 34% ownership interest in atria, which entitles us to customary minority rights and protections, as well as the right to appoint two of the six members on the atria board of directors.
triple-net lease performance and expirations any failure, inability or unwillingness by our tenants to satisfy their obligations under our triple-net leases could have a material adverse effect on us. also, if our tenants are not able or willing to renew our triple-net leases upon expiration, we may be unable to reposition the applicable properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. although our lease expirations are staggered, the non-renewal of some or all of our triple-net leases that expire in any given year could have a material adverse effect on us. during the year ended december 31, 2021, we had no triple-net lease renewals or expirations without renewal that, in the aggregate, had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations for that period. see "risk factors-our business operations and strategy risks-if we must replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations." included in part i, item ia of this annual report.
(1)excludes assets sold or classified as held for sale, unconsolidated entities development properties not yet operational, unconsolidated joint ventures and land parcels.
(2)abr represents the annualized impact of the current period's cash base rent at 100% share for consolidated entities. abr does not include common area maintenance charges, the amortization of above/below market lease intangibles or other noncash items. abr is used only for the purpose of determining lease expirations.
(3)relates to six ltacs leased by kindred. kindred may extend the term for 5 years by delivering a renewal notice to the company 12 to 18 months prior to expiration. we cannot assure you that kindred will exercise its renewal option for these ltacs. see "risk factors-our business operations and strategy risk-if we need to replace any of our tenants or managers, we may be unable to do so on as favorable terms, if at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations." included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
liquidity and capital resources during 2021, our principal sources of liquidity were cash flows from operations, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility, and proceeds from asset sales.
for the next 12 months, our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund operating expenses; (ii) meet our debt service requirements; (iii) repay maturing mortgage and other debt; (iv) fund acquisitions, investments and commitments and any development and redevelopment activities; (v) fund capital expenditures; and (vi) make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a reit. depending upon the availability of external capital, we believe our liquidity is sufficient to fund these uses of cash. we expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program. however, an inability to access liquidity through multiple capital sources concurrently could have a material adverse effect on us.
our material contractual obligations arising in the normal course of business primarily consist of long-term debt and related interest payments, and operating obligations which include ground lease obligations. see note 10 - senior notes payable and other debt and note 14 - commitments and contingencies of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report for amounts outstanding as of december 31, 2021 relating to our long-term debt obligations and operating obligations, respectively.
while continuing decreased revenue and net operating income as a result of the covid-19 pandemic could lead to downgrades of our long-term credit rating and therefore adversely impact our cost of borrowing, we currently believe we will continue to have access to one or more debt markets during the duration of the pandemic and could seek to enter into secured debt financings or issue debt and equity securities to satisfy our liquidity needs, although no assurances can be made in this regard. see "covid-19 update." see "risk factors-our capital structure risks-we are highly dependent on access to the capital markets. limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on us, including our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy." included in part i, item 1a of this annual report.
loans receivable and investments in october 2021, we received proceeds of $45.0 million in full repayment of a note from brookdale senior living. the note was issued to us in connection with the modification of our lease with brookdale senior living in the third quarter of 2020.
in july 2021, we received $66 million from holiday retirement as repayment in full of secured notes which holiday retirement previously issued to us as part of a lease termination transaction entered into in april 2020.
in july 2021, we received aggregate proceeds of $224 million from the redemption of ardent's outstanding 9.75% senior notes due 2026 at a price equal to 107.313% of the principal amount of the notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. the redemption resulted in a gain of $16.6 million which is recorded in income from loans and investments in our consolidated statements of income. as of december 31, 2020, $23.0 million of unrealized gain related to these securities was included in accumulated other comprehensive income.
credit facilities, commercial paper and unsecured term loans in january 2021, we entered into an amended and restated unsecured credit facility (the "new credit facility") comprised of a $2.75 billion unsecured revolving credit facility initially priced at libor plus 0.825% based on the company's debt rating. the new credit facility replaced our previous $3.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility priced at 0.875%. the new credit facility matures in january 2025, but may be extended at our option, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for two additional periods of six months each. the new credit facility also includes an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to $3.75 billion, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions.
as of december 31, 2021, we had $2.7 billion of undrawn capacity on our new credit facility with $56.4 million borrowings outstanding and an additional $24.9 million restricted to support outstanding letters of credit. we limit our use of the new credit facility, to the extent necessary, to support our commercial paper program when commercial paper notes are outstanding. as of december 31, 2021, we had $280.0 million of commercial paper outstanding.
our wholly owned subsidiary, ventas realty, limited partnership ("ventas realty"), may issue from time to time unsecured commercial paper notes up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $1.0 billion. the notes are sold under customary terms in the u. s. commercial paper note market and are ranked pari passu with all of ventas realty's other unsecured senior indebtedness. the notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by ventas, inc. as of december 31, 2021, we had $280.0 million borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program.
as of december 31, 2021, we had a $200.0 million unsecured term loan priced at libor plus 0.90% that matures in 2023. the term loan also includes an accordion feature that effectively permits us to increase our aggregate borrowings thereunder to up to $800.0 million.
as of december 31, 2021, we had a c$500 million unsecured term loan facility priced at canadian dollar offered rate ("cdor") plus 0.90% that matures in 2025.
during the year ended december 31, 2021, we terminated the $400.0 million secured revolving construction credit facility, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $0.5 million.
in november 2021, ventas canada issued a make whole notice of redemption for the entirety of the c$250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.30% senior notes due 2022, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $0.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2021. the redemption settled in december 2021, principally using cash on hand.
in november 2021, ventas canada repaid in full, at par, our variable rate c$300.0 million principal amount then outstanding senior notes due 2021 upon maturity.
in august 2021, ventas realty issued a make whole notice of redemption for the entirety of the $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125% senior notes due 2023, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $20.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the redemption settled in september 2021, principally using cash on hand.
in july 2021, ventas realty and ventas capital corporation issued a make whole notice of redemption for the entirety of the $263.7 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $8.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the redemption settled in august 2021, principally using cash on hand.
in february 2021, ventas realty issued a make whole notice of redemption for the entirety of the $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.10% senior notes due january 2023, resulting in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $27.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the redemption settled in march 2021, principally using cash on hand.
as of december 31, 2021, we had outstanding $7.2 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by ventas realty, approximately $75.2 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by nationwide health properties, inc. ("nhp") and assumed by our subsidiary, nationwide health properties, llc ("nhp llc"), as successor to nhp, in connection with our acquisition of nhp, and c$1.9 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited ("ventas canada"). all of the senior notes issued by ventas realty and ventas canada are unconditionally guaranteed by ventas, inc.
we may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding senior notes for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for capital and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2021.
mortgages in september 2021, we assumed mortgage debt of $482.5 million in connection with the new senior acquisition, including a $25.4 million fair value premium which will be amortized over the remaining term through interest expense in our consolidated statement of income. see "note 4 - acquisitions of real estate property".
under certain circumstances, contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries' outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations, including our payment guarantees with respect to ventas realty's and ventas canada finance limited's senior notes.
derivatives and hedging in the normal course of our business, interest rate fluctuations affect future cash flows under our variable rate debt obligations, loans receivable and marketable debt securities, and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations affect our operating results. we follow established risk management policies and procedures, including the use of derivative instruments, to mitigate the impact of these risks.
dividends during 2021, we declared four dividends totaling $1.80 per share of our common stock, including a fourth quarter dividend of $0.45 per share. in order to continue to qualify as a reit, we must make annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90% of our reit taxable income (excluding net capital gain). in addition, we will be subject to income tax at the regular corporate rate to the extent we distribute less than 100% of our reit taxable income, including any net capital gains. we intend to pay dividends greater than 100% of our taxable income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, for 2022.
we expect that our cash flows will exceed our reit taxable income due to depreciation and other non-cash deductions in computing reit taxable income and that we will be able to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. however, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to meet this requirement or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. if we do not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, or if we desire to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements or any combination of the foregoing.
capital expenditures the terms of our triple-net leases generally obligate our tenants to pay all capital expenditures necessary to maintain and improve our triple-net leased properties. however, from time to time, we may fund the capital expenditures for our triple-net leased properties through loans or advances to the tenants, which may increase the amount of rent payable with respect to the properties in certain cases. we may also fund capital expenditures for which we may become responsible upon expiration of our triple-net leases or in the event that our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations under those leases. we also expect to fund capital expenditures related to our senior living operations and office operations reportable business segments with the cash flows from the properties or through additional borrowings. we expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities.
to the extent that unanticipated capital expenditure needs arise or significant borrowings are required, our liquidity may be affected adversely. our ability to borrow additional funds may be restricted in certain circumstances by the terms of the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness.
we are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop senior housing or healthcare properties funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. as of december 31, 2021, we had 14 properties under development pursuant to these agreements, including four properties that are owned by unconsolidated real estate entities. in addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing senior housing communities to maximize the value, increase noi, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property.
equity offerings from time to time, we may sell our common stock under an "at-the-market" equity offering program ("atm program"). in november 2021, we replaced our atm program with a similar program, under which we may sell up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of our common stock. as of december 31, 2021, we have $1.0 billion remaining under our existing atm program. during the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019, we sold 10.9 million, 1.5 million and 2.7 million shares of our common stock under our previous atm program for gross proceeds of $626.4 million, $66.6 million and $177.9 million, respectively, at an average gross price of $57.71, $44.88 and $66.75 per share, respectively.
in september 2021, we issued approximately 13.3 million shares of our common stock at a value of $751.2 million in connection with the new senior acquisition.
cash flows the following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2021 and 2020 (dollars in thousands):
for the years ended                                           (decrease) increase december 31,                                                       to cash
cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of year            $451,640                            $146,102                      $305,538                       nm net cash provided by operating activities                                 1,026,116                           1,450,176                     (424,060)                       (29.2)
net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                       (724,140)                             154,295                     (878,435)                       nm net cash used in financing activities                                     (558,466)                         (1,300,021)                       741,555        57.0
effect of foreign currency translation                                        1,447                               1,088        359                           33.0
nm-not meaningful cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities decreased $424.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2021 over the same period in 2020 primarily due to the up-front consideration received in connection with the brookdale transaction in 2020, and the continued impact of covid-19 contributing to lower noi in 2021.
cash flows from investing activities cash flows from investing activities decreased $0.9 billion during 2021 over 2020 primarily due to the new senior acquisition which was partially funded with $1.1 billion of cash, partially offset by decreased proceeds from real estate dispositions.
cash flows from financing activities cash flows from financing activities increased $0.7 billion during 2021 over 2020 primarily due to higher issuances of common stock, increased borrowings, net of repayments, and lower dividends paid to common stockholders during 2021.
off-balance sheet arrangements we own interests in certain unconsolidated entities as described in note 7 - investments in unconsolidated entities. except in limited circumstances, our risk of loss is limited to our investment in the joint venture and any outstanding loans receivable. in addition, we have certain properties which serve as collateral for debt that is owed by a previous owner of certain of our facilities, as described under note 10 - senior notes payable and other debt to the consolidated financial statements. our risk of loss for these certain properties is limited to the outstanding debt balance plus penalties, if any. further, we use financial derivative instruments to hedge interest rate and foreign currency exchange rate exposure. finally, at december 31, 2020, we had $24.9 million outstanding letter of credit obligations. we have no other material off-balance sheet arrangements that we expect would materially affect our liquidity and capital resources except those described above under "contractual obligations."
guarantor and issuer financial information ventas, inc. has fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by our 100% owned subsidiary, ventas realty, including the senior notes that were jointly issued with ventas capital corporation. ventas capital corporation is a direct 100% owned subsidiary of ventas realty that has no assets or operations, but was formed in 2002 solely to facilitate offerings of senior notes by a limited partnership. none of our other subsidiaries (excluding ventas realty and ventas capital corporation) is obligated with respect to ventas realty's outstanding senior notes.
ventas, inc. has also fully and unconditionally guaranteed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by our 100% owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited ("ventas canada"). none of our other subsidiaries is obligated with respect to ventas canada's outstanding senior notes, all of which were issued on a private placement basis in canada.
in connection with the acquisition of nationwide health properties, inc. ("nhp"), our 100% owned subsidiary nationwide health properties, llc ("nhp llc"), as successor to nhp, assumed the obligation to pay principal and interest with respect to the outstanding senior notes issued by nhp. neither we nor any of our subsidiaries (other than nhp llc) is obligated with respect to any of nhp llc's outstanding senior notes.
under certain circumstances, contractual and legal restrictions, including those contained in the instruments governing our subsidiaries' outstanding mortgage indebtedness, may restrict our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries for the purpose of meeting our debt service obligations, including our payment guarantees with respect to ventas realty's and ventas canada's senior notes.
the following summarizes our guarantor and issuer balance sheet and statement of income information as of december 31, 2021 and 2020 and for the years ended december 31, 2021, 2020 and 2019 (dollars in thousands).
balance sheet information as of december 31, 2021
guarantor                              issuer assets investment in and advances to affiliates                      $17,448,874                           $3,045,738
total assets                                                   17,561,305                            3,156,840
liabilities and equity intercompany loans                                             10,742,915                          (3,563,060)
total liabilities                                              10,972,521                            4,097,362
redeemable op unitholder and noncontrolling interests              98,356                                    -
total equity (deficit)                                          6,490,428                            (940,522)
total liabilities and equity                                   17,561,305                            3,156,840
balance sheet information as of december 31, 2020
guarantor                              issuer assets investment in and advances to affiliates                      $16,576,278                           $2,727,931
total assets                                                   16,937,149                            2,844,339
liabilities and equity intercompany loans                                             10,691,626                          (4,532,350)
total liabilities                                              10,918,320                            3,577,009
redeemable op unitholder and noncontrolling interests              89,669                                    -
total equity (deficit)                                          5,929,161                            (732,670)
total liabilities and equity                                   16,937,149                            2,844,339
statement of income information for the year ended december 31, 2021
guarantor                                    issuer equity earnings in affiliates                                                                                              $133,143                                        $-
income (loss) before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests            49,694                                 (215,773)
statement of income information for the year ended december 31, 2020
guarantor                                    issuer equity earnings in affiliates                                                                                              $469,311                                        $-
income (loss) before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests           440,210                                 (215,406)
for the year ended december 31, 2019
guarantor                                    issuer equity earnings in affiliates                                                                                              $362,143                                        $-
income (loss) before unconsolidated entities, real estate dispositions, income taxes and noncontrolling interests           432,020                                 (246,929)