item 1a. risk factors investing in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. you should consider and carefully read all of the risks and uncertainties described below, as well as other information included in this annual report and in our other public filings. the risks described below are not the only ones facing us. the occurrence of any of the following risks or additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. in such case, the trading price of our common stock could decline, and you may lose all or part of your original investment. this form 10-k also contains forward-looking statements and estimates that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements as a result of specific factors, including the risks and uncertainties described below.
our disclosure and analysis in this form 10-k contains some forward-looking statements that are based on management's beliefs and assumptions, current expectations, estimates and forecasts. we also provide forward-looking statements in other materials we release to the public as well as oral forward-looking statements. such statements give our current expectations or forecasts of future events. they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. we have attempted, wherever possible, to identify forward-looking statements by using words such as "estimate," "expect," "intend," "believe," "plan," "anticipate" and other words and phrases of similar meaning. in particular, these include statements relating to future actions, business plans and prospects, new products, future performance or results of current or anticipated products, sales efforts, expenses, interest rates, foreign-exchange rates, economic effects, the outcome of contingencies, such as legal proceedings, and financial results.
many of the factors that will determine our future results are beyond our ability to control or predict. achievement of future results is subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, including, without limitation, the risks set forth below. therefore, actual results could differ materially from past results and those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement. you should bear this in mind as you consider forward-looking statements.
unless required by applicable securities law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. we also refer you to further disclosures we make on related subjects in our quarterly reports on form 10-q and current reports on form 8-k to the sec.
global and economic risks our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected by the ongoing covid-19 pandemic and other public health epidemics.
our operations expose us to risks associated with a pandemic, or outbreak of contagious diseases in the human population, including the covid‐19 pandemic. the covid-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted consumer spending and global supply chains, created significant volatility and disruption of financial markets and has resulted in governments around the world implementing stringent measures to help control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, "shelter in place" and "stay at home" orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures, and other measures. notwithstanding our level of continued operations, the covid-19 pandemic, or similar public health concerns in the future, may have negative impacts on our operations, supply chain, transportation networks and customers, which may compress our margins, including as a result of preventative and precautionary measures that we, other businesses and governments are taking. the covid-19 pandemic is adversely affecting the economies and financial markets of many countries and could result in an economic downturn. any resulting economic downturn could adversely affect our business, financial condition, demand for our products, services, and contribute to volatile supply and demand conditions affecting prices and volumes in the markets for our products, services and raw materials.
in addition, the ability of our employees and our suppliers' and customers' employees to work may be significantly impacted by individuals contracting or being exposed to covid-19, or as a result of the control measures noted above, which may significantly hamper our production throughout the supply chain and constrict distribution channels. the extent to which the covid-19 pandemic may adversely impact our business depends on future developments, which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including the duration of the pandemic, variants of the virus and the effectiveness of actions taken to contain or mitigate its effects. we are unable to predict the potential future impact that the covid‐19 pandemic will have on our business, financial condition or results of operations.
unauthorized access to our or our customers' information and systems could negatively impact our business.
our systems and networks, as well as those of our customers, suppliers, service providers, and banks, have and may in the future become the target of cyberattacks or information security breaches which, in turn, could result in the unauthorized release and misuse of confidential or proprietary information about our company, our employees or our customers, as well as disrupt our operations or damage our facilities or those of third parties. additionally, our systems are subject to regulation to preserve the privacy of certain data held on those systems. we maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems, in order to address these threats. while these measures are designed to prevent, detect and respond to unauthorized activity in our systems, certain types of attacks could result in financial or information losses and/or reputational harm. if we cannot comply with regulations or prevent the unauthorized access, release and/or corruption of our or our customers' confidential, classified or personally identifiable information, our reputation could be damaged, and/or we could face financial losses. we may also be required to incur additional costs to modify or enhance our systems, or to try to prevent or remediate any such attacks. modifying or enhancing our systems may result in unanticipated or prolonged disruption events, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
our operating results may be adversely affected by unfavorable economic and market conditions.
the current uncertainty in the global economy, including the effects of recession or slow economic growth in the u.s., europe, and emerging markets in asia and south america, may negatively affect our operating results. examples of the effects of these global economic challenges include: our suppliers' and our customers' inability to access the credit markets at commercially reasonable rates; reduction in sales due to customers decreasing their inventories in the near-term or long-term or due to liquidity difficulties; reduction in sales due to shortages of materials we purchase from our suppliers; reduction in research and development efforts and expenditures by our customers; our inability to hedge our currency and raw material risks sufficiently or at commercially reasonable prices; insolvency of suppliers or customers; inflationary pressures on our supplies or our products; and increased expenses due to growing global taxation of corporate profits or revenues or changes in, or expirations of, a country's tax laws or regulations. our operating results in one or more geographic regions may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions within that region. if economic and market conditions in the u.s. or europe, or in emerging markets, weaken further, we may experience material adverse impacts on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are a global company with significant revenues and earnings generated internationally, which exposes us to the impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as well as political and economic risks.
a significant portion of our revenues and earnings are generated internationally. sales outside of the u.s. accounted for 57.7% of our consolidated net sales in 2021 and we anticipate that sales from international operations will continue to represent a significant portion of our total sales in the future. in addition, many of our manufacturing facilities and suppliers are located outside of the u.s. and we intend to continue our expansion into emerging and/or faster-growing international markets.
the functional currency for most of our foreign operations is the applicable local currency. as a result, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates affect the results of our operations and the value of our foreign assets and liabilities, which in turn may adversely affect results of operations and cash flows and the comparability of period-to-period results of operations. foreign governmental policies and actions regarding currency valuation could result in actions by the united states and other countries to offset the effects of such fluctuations. given the unpredictability and volatility of foreign currency exchange rates, ongoing or unusual volatility may adversely impact our business and financial conditions.
in order to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, we have entered, and expect to continue to enter, into hedging arrangements, including the use of financial derivatives. there can be no certainty that we will be able to enter into or maintain hedges of these currency risks, or that our hedges will be effective, which could have a significant effect on our financial condition and operating results.
we are exposed to credit risk on accounts receivable and certain prepayments made in the normal course of business. this risk is heightened during periods when economic conditions worsen.
a substantial majority of our outstanding trade receivables are not covered by collateral or credit insurance. in addition, we have made prepayments associated with insurance premiums and other advances in the normal course of business. while we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on trade receivables and other current assets, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk and avoid losses, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
libor reform may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our variable-rate debt, which includes our senior unsecured, multi-currency revolving credit facility agreement dated as of march 28, 2019 (the "credit agreement"), and its accompanying incremental facility amendment dated as of december 30, 2019 (the "term loan"), currently use the london interbank offered rate ("libor") as a benchmark for establishing the interest rate. libor is currently calculated and published for various currencies and periods by the benchmark's administrator, ice benchmark administration limited ("iba"), which is regulated for such purposes by the united kingdom's financial conduct authority ("fca"). on march 5, 2021, the iba confirmed that it would cease the publication of the one-week and two-month u.s. dollar libor settings immediately following the libor publication on december 31, 2021, and the publication of all other u.s. dollar libor settings will cease or be deemed unrepresentative after june 30, 2023.
accordingly, in the near future libor will cease being a widely used benchmark interest rate. the current and any future reforms and other pressures may cause libor to be replaced with a new benchmark or to perform differently than in the past, including during the transition period. the credit agreement amendment contemplates a procedure for transitioning from libor upon the occurrence of specified events. nevertheless, the consequences of these market developments cannot be entirely predicted and a transition from libor, even if administered consistent with the credit facility's provisions, could increase the cost of our variable rate indebtedness.
we have historically paid dividends. however, there can be no assurance that we will pay or declare dividends in the future. the actual declaration and payment of future dividends, the amount of any such dividends, and the establishment of record and payment dates, if any, are subject to determination by our board of directors each quarter after its review of our then-current strategy, applicable debt covenants and financial performance and position, among other things. our declaration and payment of future dividends is subject to risks and uncertainties, including: deterioration of our financial performance or position; inability to declare a dividend in compliance with applicable laws or debt covenants; an increase in our cash needs or decrease in available cash; and the business judgment of the board of directors that a declaration of a dividend is not in our best interest.
industry risks our sales and profitability are largely dependent on the sale of drug products delivered by injection and the packaging of drug products. if the drug products developed by our customers in the future use another delivery system or are reconfigured to require less frequent dosing, our sales and profitability could suffer.
our business depends to a substantial extent on customers' continued sales and development of products that are delivered by injection. if (i) our customers fail to continue to sell, develop and deploy injectable products; (ii) our customers reconfigure their drug product or develop new drug products requiring less frequent dosing; or (iii) we are unable to develop new products that assist in the delivery of drugs by alternative methods, our sales and profitability may suffer.
if we are unable to provide comparative value advantages, timely fulfill customer orders, or resist pricing pressure, we will have to reduce our prices, which may reduce our profit margins.
we compete with several companies across our major product lines. because of the special nature of these products, competition is based primarily on product design and performance, although total cost is becoming increasingly important as pharmaceutical companies continue with aggressive cost-control programs across their operations. companies often compete on the basis of price. we aim to differentiate ourselves from our competition by being a "full-service, value-added" global supplier that is able to provide pre-sale compatibility studies, engineering support, and other services and sophisticated post-sale technical support on a global basis. however, we face continued pricing pressure from our customers and competitors. if we are unable to resist or offset the effects of continued pricing pressure through our value-added services, improved operating efficiencies and reduced expenditures, or if we have to reduce our prices, our sales and profitability may suffer.
the pharmaceutical and healthcare industries continue to experience a significant amount of consolidation. as a result of this consolidation, competition to provide goods and services to customers has increased. in addition, group purchasing organizations and integrated health delivery networks have served to concentrate purchasing decisions for some customers, which has placed pricing pressure on suppliers. further consolidation within the industries we serve could exert additional pressure on the prices of our products.
the medical technology industry is very competitive and customer demands and/or new products in the marketplace could cause a reduction in demand.
the medical technology industry is subject to rapid technological changes, and we face significant competition across our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold. we face this competition from a wide range of companies, including large medical device companies, some of which have greater financial and marketing resources than we do. we also face competition from firms that are more specialized than we are with respect to particular markets. in some instances, competitors, including pharmaceutical companies, also offer, or are attempting to develop, alternative therapies for diseases that may be delivered via their own, or without, a medical device. the development of new or improved products, processes or technologies by other companies (such as needle-free injection technology) may reduce customer demand for our products or render some of our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. in addition, any failure or inability to meet increased customer quality expectations could cause a reduction in demand.
business and operational risks disruption in our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our ability to make and sell products and have a negative impact on our reputation, performance or financial condition.
we have manufacturing sites throughout the world. in some instances, however, the manufacturing of certain product lines is concentrated in one or only a few of our plants. the functioning of our manufacturing and distribution assets and systems could be disrupted for reasons either within or beyond our control, including, without limitation: extreme weather or longer-term climatic changes; natural disasters; pandemic; war; accidental damage; disruption to the supply of material or services; product quality and safety issues; systems failure; workforce actions; or environmental matters. there is a risk that incident management systems in place may prove inadequate and that any disruption may materially adversely affect our ability to make and sell products and, therefore, materially adversely affect our reputation, performance or financial condition.
our international sales and operations are subject to risks and uncertainties that vary by country and which could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
we conduct business in most of the major pharmaceutical markets in the world. our international operations and our ability to implement our overall business strategy (including our plan to continue expanding into emerging and/or faster-growing markets outside of the u.s.) are subject to risks and uncertainties that can vary by country, and include: transportation delays and interruptions; political and economic instability and disruptions, including the united kingdom's withdrawal from the european union; imposition of duties and tariffs; import and export controls; the risks of divergent business expectations or cultural incompatibility inherent in establishing and maintaining operations in foreign countries; difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations; labor strikes and/or disputes; and potentially adverse tax consequences. limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies with third parties or our joint venture partners outside of the u.s. could also create exposure. in addition, we may not be able to operate in compliance with foreign laws and regulations, or comply with applicable customs, currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations or any other laws or regulations to which we may be subject, in the event that these laws or regulations change. any of these events could have an adverse effect on our international operations in the future by reducing the demand for our products or decreasing the prices at which we can sell our products, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
disruptions in the supply of key raw materials could adversely impact our operations.
we generally purchase our raw materials and supplies required for the production of our products in the open market. for reasons of quality assurance, sole source availability or cost effectiveness, many components and raw materials are available and/or purchased only from a single supplier. due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the fda and other regulatory authorities regarding the manufacture of our products and the availability of such raw materials, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for these components or raw materials or do so without excessive cost. as a result, a reduction or interruption in supply, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
raw material and energy prices have a significant impact on our profitability. if raw material and/or energy prices increase, and we cannot pass those price increases on to our customers, our profitability and financial condition may suffer.
we use three basic raw materials in the manufacture of our products: elastomers (which include synthetic and natural material), aluminum and plastic. in addition, our manufacturing facilities consume a wide variety of energy products to fuel, heat and cool our operations. supply and demand factors, which are beyond our control, generally affect the price of our raw materials and utility costs. if we are unable to pass along increased raw material prices and energy costs to our customers, our profitability, and thus our financial condition, may be adversely affected. the prices of many of these raw materials and utilities are cyclical and volatile. for example, the prices of certain commodities, particularly petroleum-based raw materials, have in the recent past exhibited rapid changes, affecting the cost of synthetic elastomers and plastic. while we generally attempt to pass along increased costs to our customers in the form of sales price increases, historically there has been a time delay between raw material and/or energy price increases and our ability to increase the prices of our products. in some circumstances, we may not be able to increase the prices of our products due to competitive pressure and other factors.
if we are not timely or successful in new-product innovation or the development and commercialization of proprietary multi-component systems, our future revenues and operating income could be adversely affected.
our growth partly depends on new-product innovation and the development and commercialization of proprietary multi-component systems for injectable drug administration and other healthcare applications. product development and commercialization is inherently uncertain and is subject to a number of factors outside of our control, including any necessary regulatory approvals and commercial acceptance for the products. the ultimate timing and successful commercialization of new products and systems requires substantial evaluations of the functional, operational, clinical, and economic viability of our products. in addition, the timely and adequate availability of filling capacity is essential to both conducting definitive stability trials and the timing of commercialization of customers' products in crystal zenith vials, syringes and cartridges. delays, interruptions or failures in developing and commercializing new-product innovations or proprietary multi-component systems could adversely affect future revenues and operating income. in addition, adverse conditions may also result in future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
we may not succeed in finding and completing acquisitions or other strategic transactions, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
we have historically engaged in acquisition activity, and we may in the future engage in acquisitions or other strategic transactions, such as joint ventures or investments in other entities. we may be unable to identify suitable targets, opportunistic or otherwise, for acquisitions or other strategic transactions in the future. if we identify a suitable candidate, our ability to successfully implement the strategic transaction would depend on a variety of factors, including our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms and to comply with the restrictions contained in our debt agreements. strategic transactions involve risks, including those associated with integrating the operations or maintaining the operations as separate (as applicable), financial reporting, disparate technologies, and personnel of acquired companies, joint ventures or related companies; managing geographically dispersed operations or other strategic investments; the diversion of management's attention from other business concerns; the inherent risks in entering markets or lines of business in which we have either limited or no direct experience; the potential loss of key employees, customers and strategic partners of acquired companies, joint ventures or companies in which we may make strategic investments; and potentially other unknown risks. we may not successfully integrate any businesses or technologies we may acquire or strategically develop in the future and may not achieve anticipated revenue and cost benefits relating to any such strategic transactions. strategic transactions may be expensive, time consuming and may strain our resources. strategic transactions may not be accretive to our earnings and may negatively impact our results of operations as a result of, among other things, the incurrence of debt, one-time write-offs of goodwill, additional carrying costs of patent or trademark portfolios, and amortization expenses of other intangible assets. in addition, strategic transactions that we may pursue could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities.
the design, manufacturing and marketing of pharmaceutical packaging and medical devices involve certain inherent risks. manufacturing or design defects, unanticipated use of our products, or inadequate disclosure of risks relating to the use of our products can lead to injury or other adverse events. these events could lead to recalls or safety alerts relating to our products (either voluntary or required by the fda or similar governmental authorities in other countries), and could result, in certain cases, in the removal of a product from the market. a recall could result in significant costs, as well as negative publicity and damage to our reputation that could reduce demand for our products. personal injuries relating to the use of our products can also result in product liability claims being brought against us. in some circumstances, such adverse events could also cause delays in new product approvals. please refer to note 3, revenue, for the discussion of the voluntary recall of our vial2bag® product line.
a loss of key personnel or highly skilled employees could disrupt our operations.
our future success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain key employees, including our executive officers and individuals in technical, marketing, sales, and research positions. competition for experienced employees, particularly for persons with specialized skills, can be intense. our ability to recruit such talent will depend on a number of factors, including compensation and benefits, work location and work environment. if we cannot effectively recruit and retain qualified executives and employees, our business could be adversely affected. although we believe that we will be able to attract and retain talented personnel and replace key personnel should the need arise, our inability to do so on a timely basis could disrupt the operations of the unit affected or our overall operations. in addition, because of the complex nature of many of our products and programs, we are generally dependent on an educated and highly skilled engineering staff and workforce. our operations could be disrupted by a shortage of available skilled employees.
we provide public guidance on our expected results of operations for future periods. this guidance is comprised of forward-looking statements subject to risks and uncertainties, including the risks and uncertainties described in this form 10-k and in our other public filings and public statements, and is based on assumptions we make at the time we provide such guidance. our guidance may not always be accurate. if, in the future, our results of operations for a particular period do not meet our guidance or the expectations of investment analysts, or if we reduce our guidance for future periods, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly.
if we fail to comply with our obligations under our distributorship or license agreements with daikyo or the agreements are terminated early or not renewed, we could lose license rights and access to certain product and technology that are important to our business.
key value-added and proprietary products and processes are licensed from our affiliate, daikyo, including but not limited to, crystal zenith, flurotec® and b2-coating technologies. our rights to these products and processes are licensed pursuant to agreements that expire in 2027. however, if the agreements are terminated early or not renewed, our business could be adversely impacted. please refer to note 7, affiliated companies, for information relating to the increase in our ownership interest in daikyo in 2019.
legal and regulatory risks we are subject to regulation by governments around the world, and if these regulations are not complied with, existing and future operations may be curtailed, and we could be subject to liability.
as a multinational corporation with operations and distribution channels throughout the world, we are subject to and must comply with extensive laws and regulations in the united states and other jurisdictions in which we have operations and distribution channels. for example, the design, development, manufacturing, marketing and labeling of certain of our products and our customers' products that incorporate our products are subject to regulation by governmental authorities in the u.s., europe and other countries, including the fda, the european medicines agency and the national medical products administration (china). complying with governmental regulation can be costly and can result in required modification or withdrawal of existing products and a substantial delay in the introduction of new products. failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or failure to obtain regulatory approval for a new product could subject us to fines, sanctions or other penalties that could negatively affect our reputation, business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the global nature of our business also means legal and compliance risks, such as anti-bribery, anti-corruption, fraud, trade, environmental, competition, privacy, and other regulatory matters, will continue to exist and additional legal proceedings and other contingencies will arise from time to time, which could adversely affect us. in addition, the adoption of new laws or regulations, or changes in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, may result in significant unanticipated legal and reputational risks. any current or future legal or regulatory proceedings could divert management's attention from our operations and result in substantial legal fees.
products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to regulations and extensive approval or clearance processes, which make the timing and success of new-product commercialization difficult to predict.
the process of obtaining and maintaining fda and other required regulatory approvals is expensive and time-consuming. historically, most medical devices that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce have been subject to the fda's 510(k) marketing approval process, which typically lasts from six to nine months. supplemental or full pre-market approval reviews require a significantly longer period, delaying commercialization. changes in regulation on a global scale must be monitored and actions taken to ensure ongoing compliance. pharmaceutical products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to the fda's new drug application process, which typically takes a number of years to complete. additionally, biotechnology products that incorporate our technologies and medical devices that we produce are subject to the fda's biologics license application process, which also typically takes a number of years to complete. outside of the u.s., sales of medical devices and pharmaceutical or biotechnology products are subject to international regulatory requirements that vary from country to country. the time required to obtain approval for sale internationally may be longer or shorter than that required for fda approval. there is no certainty that any regulatory approval may be obtained or maintained indefinitely, and our ability to launch products to the market and maintain market presence is not guaranteed.
changes in the regulation of drug products and devices may increase competitive pressure and adversely affect our business.
an effect of the governmental regulation of our medical devices and our customers' drug products, devices, and manufacturing processes is that compliance with regulations makes it difficult to change components and devices produced by one supplier with those from another supplier, due to the large amount of data and information that customers must generate to demonstrate that the components and devices are equivalent and pose no additional risk to the patient. the regulation of our medical devices and our customers' products that incorporate our components and devices has increased over time. if the applicable regulations were to be modified in a way that reduced the level of data and information needed to prove equivalency for a change from one supplier's components or devices to those made by another, it is likely that the competitive pressure would increase and adversely affect our sales and profitability.
if we are not successful in protecting our intellectual property rights, our ability to compete may be affected.
our patents, trademarks and other intellectual property are important to our business. we rely on patent, trademark, copyright, trade secret, and other intellectual property laws, as well as nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements and other methods, to protect our proprietary products, information, technologies and processes. we also have obligations with respect to the non-use and non-disclosure of third-party intellectual property. we may need to engage in litigation or similar activities to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights of others. any such litigation could require us to expend significant resources and divert the efforts and attention of our management and other personnel from our business operations. there can be no assurance that the steps we will take to prevent misappropriation, infringement or other violation of our intellectual property or the intellectual property of others will be successful. in addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited for some of our proprietary products in some countries. failure to protect our intellectual property or successfully invalidate or defend against intellectual property protections of third parties could harm our business and results of operations. in addition, if relevant and effective patent protection is not available or has expired, we may not be able to prevent competitors from independently developing products and services similar or duplicative to ours.
significant developments in u.s. policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and/or results of operations.
we earn a substantial portion of our income in foreign countries and, as such, we are subject to the tax laws in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. current economic and political conditions make tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application, in any jurisdiction subject to significant change.
proposals to reform u.s. and foreign tax laws could significantly impact how u.s. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings and could increase the u.s. corporate tax rate. although we cannot predict whether or in what form these proposals may pass, several of the proposals considered, if enacted into law, could have an adverse impact on our effective tax rate, income tax expense and cash flows.
we utilize tax rulings and other agreements to obtain certainty in treatment of certain tax matters. these rulings and agreements expire from time to time and may be extended when certain conditions are met or terminated if certain conditions are not met. the impact of any changes in conditions would be the loss of certainty in treatment thus potentially impacting our effective income tax rate.
we are also subject to the examination of our tax returns by the united states internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of an adverse outcome resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. although we believe our tax provisions are adequate, the final determination of tax audits and any related disputes could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. the results of audits or related disputes could have an adverse effect on our financial statements for the period or periods for which the applicable final determinations are made. for example, we and our subsidiaries are also engaged in a number of intercompany transactions across multiple tax jurisdictions. although we believe we have clearly reflected the economics of these transactions and the proper local transfer pricing documentation is in place, tax authorities may propose and sustain adjustments that could result in changes that may impact our mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates.
we are subject to stringent and changing obligations related to data privacy and security. our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm and other adverse business consequences.
in addition to our own sensitive and proprietary business information, we handle transactional and personal information worldwide. as a result, we must comply with increasingly complex and rigorous, and sometimes conflicting laws, regulatory standards, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contracts and other obligations that govern the processing of business and personal data by us and on our behalf. for example, the european union's general data protection regulation (the "eu gdpr"), the united kingdom's gdpr (the "uk gdpr") and california's consumer privacy act of 2018, as amended (the "ccpa") impose obligations on companies regarding the handling of personal data and provide certain individual privacy rights to persons whose data is stored. in addition, it is anticipated that the california privacy rights act of 2020 ("cpra"), effective january 1, 2023, will expand the ccpa. furthermore, other states in the united states have enacted data privacy laws. for example, virginia passed the consumer data protection act, and colorado passed the colorado privacy act, both of which become effective in 2023. additionally, laws in certain jurisdictions require data localization and impose restrictions on the transfer of personal information across border. for example, the eu gdpr generally restricts the transfer of personal information to countries outside of the european economic area without appropriate safeguards or other measures. if we cannot implement a valid compliance mechanism for cross-border privacy and security transfers, we may face increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and injunctions against processing or transferring personal information from europe or elsewhere.
compliance with existing and forthcoming laws and regulations can be costly and time consuming, and may require changes to our information technologies, systems and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal information on our behalf. if we fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with obligations related to data privacy and security, we could face significant consequences, including, but not limited to, proceedings against the company by governmental entities (e.g. investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections) or other entities or individuals, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight bans, damage to our reputation and credibility, or inability to process data or operate in certain jurisdictions, any of which could have a negative impact on revenues and profits.
failure to comply with anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences.
we are subject to the foreign corrupt practices act (the "fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act and other anti-bribery, anti-corruption, and anti-money laundering laws in various jurisdictions around the world. the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act and similar applicable laws generally prohibit companies, as well as their officers, directors, employees and third-party intermediaries, business partners and agents, from making improper payments or providing other improper things of value to government officials or other persons. we and our third-party intermediaries may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state owned or affiliated entities and other third parties where we may be held liable for corrupt or other illegal activities, even if we do not explicitly authorize them. while we have policies and procedures and internal controls to address compliance with such laws, we cannot provide assurance that all of our employees and third-party intermediaries, business partners and agents will not take actions in violation of such policies and laws, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. to the extent that we learn that any of our employees or third-party intermediaries, business partners or agents do not adhere to our policies, procedures, or internal controls, we are committed to taking appropriate remedial action. in the event that we believe or have reason to believe that our directors, officers, employees or third-party intermediaries, agents or business partners have or may have violated such laws, we may be required to investigate or to have outside counsel investigate the relevant facts and circumstances. detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations can be extensive and require a significant diversion of time, resources, and attention from senior management. any violation of the fcpa, the u.k. bribery act or other applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, and criminal or civil sanctions, penalties, and fines, any of which may could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
our operations must comply with environmental statutes and regulations, and any failure to comply could result in extensive costs which would harm our business.
the manufacturing of some of our products has involved, and may continue to involve, the use, transportation, storage, and disposal of hazardous or toxic materials and is subject to various environmental protection and occupational health and safety laws and regulations in the countries in which we operate. this has exposed us in the past, and could expose us in the future, to risks of accidental contamination and events of non-compliance with environmental laws. any such occurrences could result in regulatory enforcement or personal injury and property damage claims or could lead to a shutdown of some of our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. we currently incur costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations and these costs may become more significant.
healthcare reform may adversely affect our results of operations.
changes in the u.s. or international healthcare systems could result in reduced demand for our products, as our sales depend, in part, on the extent to which pharmaceutical companies and healthcare providers and facilities are reimbursed by government authorities, private insurers and other third-party payers for the costs of our products. the coverage policies and reimbursement levels of third-party payers, which can vary among public and private sources, may affect which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay for these products in a particular jurisdiction. legislative or administrative reforms to reimbursement systems in the u.s. or abroad (for example, those under consideration in france, germany, italy and the united kingdom) could significantly reduce reimbursement for our customers' products, which could in turn reduce the demand for our products.
moreover, in the coming years, additional changes could be made to global governmental healthcare programs that could significantly impact the success of our products. we will continue to evaluate healthcare reform, as well as trends and changes that may be encouraged by healthcare legislation globally and that may potentially impact our business over time.
the uncertain effects of climate change and potential climate change legislation could lead to business interruption, significantly increased costs and/or other adverse consequences to our business.
climate change and potential climate change legislation may present risks to our operations, including business interruption, significantly increased costs and/or other adverse consequences to our business. some of the potential impacts of climate change to our business include physical risks to our facilities, water and energy supply limitations or interruptions, disruptions to our supply chain and impairment of other resources. in addition, if legislation or regulations are enacted or promulgated in the u.s., europe, asia or any other jurisdictions in which we do business that limit or reduce allowable greenhouse gas emissions and other emissions, such restrictions could have a significant effect on our operating and financial decisions, including those involving capital expenditures to reduce emissions, and our results of operations. our manufacturing operations may not be able to operate as planned if we are not able to comply with new legal and regulatory legislation around climate change, or it may become too costly to operate in a profitable manner. additionally, suppliers' added expenses could be passed on to us in the form of higher prices and we may not be able to pass on such expenses to our customers through price increases.
item ib. unresolved staff comments as of the filing of this form 10-k, there were no unresolved comments from the staff of the sec.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview the following discussion is intended to further the reader's understanding of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of our company. it should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying footnotes included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k. these historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains a number of forward-looking statements, all of which are based on our current expectations and could be affected by the uncertainties and risks discussed in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k.
non-u.s. gaap financial measures for the purpose of aiding the comparison of our year-over-year results, we may refer to net sales and other financial results excluding the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. organic net sales exclude the impact from acquisitions and/or divestitures and translate the current-period reported sales of subsidiaries whose functional currency is other than usd at the applicable foreign exchange rates in effect during the comparable prior-year period. we may also refer to adjusted consolidated operating profit and adjusted consolidated operating profit margin, which exclude the effects of unallocated items. the unallocated items are not representative of ongoing operations, and generally include restructuring and related charges, certain asset impairments, and other specifically-identified income or expense items. the re-measured results excluding effects from currency translation, the impact from acquisitions and/or divestitures, and excluding the effects of unallocated items are not in conformity with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") and should not be used as a substitute for the comparable u.s. gaap financial measures. the non-u.s. gaap financial measures are incorporated in our discussion and analysis as management uses them in evaluating our results of operations and believes that this information provides users with a valuable insight into our overall performance and financial position.
our operations we are a leading global manufacturer in the design and production of technologically advanced, high-quality, integrated containment and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products. our products include a variety of primary packaging, containment solutions, reconstitution and transfer systems, and drug delivery systems, as well as contract manufacturing, analytical lab services and integrated solutions. our customers include the leading biologic, generic, pharmaceutical, diagnostic, and additional medical device companies in the world. our top priority is delivering quality products that meet the exact product specifications and quality standards customers require and expect. this focus on quality includes a commitment to excellence in manufacturing, scientific and technical expertise and management, which enables us to partner with our customers in order to deliver safe, effective drug products to patients quickly and efficiently.
our business operations are organized into two reportable segments, proprietary products and contract-manufactured products. our proprietary products reportable segment offers proprietary packaging, containment and drug delivery products, along with analytical lab services and other integrated services and solutions, primarily to biologic, generic and pharmaceutical drug customers. our contract-manufactured products reportable segment serves as a fully integrated business, focused on the design, manufacture, and automated assembly of complex devices, primarily for pharmaceutical, diagnostic, and medical device customers. we also maintain collaborations to share technologies and market products with affiliates in japan and mexico.
it has been nearly two years since the covid-19 pandemic began and there remains uncertainty around the long-term impact of the pandemic on the world economy. our primary objectives have remained the same throughout the pandemic: to support the safety of our team members and their families and continue to support patients around the world. throughout the covid-19 pandemic, our production facilities have continued to operate as they had prior to the pandemic, other than for enhanced safety measures intended to prevent the spread of the virus and higher levels of production at certain plant locations to meet additional customer demand. our capital and financial resources, including overall liquidity, remain strong. the remote working arrangements and travel restrictions imposed by various governments have had limited impact on our ability to maintain operations, as our manufacturing operations have generally been exempted from stay-at-home orders. however, we cannot predict the impact of the progression of the covid-19 pandemic on future results due to a variety of factors, including the continued good health of our employees, the ability of suppliers to continue to operate and deliver, the ability of west and its customers to maintain operations, continued access to transportation resources, the changing needs and priorities of customers, any further government and/or public actions taken in response to the pandemic and ultimately the length of the pandemic. we will continue to closely monitor the covid-19 pandemic in order to ensure the safety of our people and our ability to serve our customers and patients worldwide.
components of and key factors influencing our results of operations in assessing the performance of our business, we consider a variety of performance and financial measures. we believe the items discussed below provide insight into the factors that affect these key measures.
net sales our net sales results from the sale of goods or services and reflects the net consideration to which we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods or services.
several factors affect our reported net sales in any period, including product, payer and geographic sales mix, operational effectiveness, pricing realization, timing of orders and shipments, regulatory actions, competition, and business acquisitions that involve our customers or competitors.
cost of goods and services sold and gross profit cost of goods and services sold includes personnel costs, manufacturing costs, raw materials and product costs, freight costs, depreciation, and facility costs associated with our manufacturing and warehouse facilities. fluctuations in our cost of goods sold correspond with the fluctuations in sales units as well as inflationary and other market factors that influence our cost base.
gross profit is calculated as net sales less cost of goods sold. our gross profit is affected by product and geographic sales mix, realized pricing of our products, the efficiency of our manufacturing operations and the costs of materials used to make our products.
research and development expenses research and development expenses relate to our investments in improvements to our manufacturing processes, product enhancements, and additional investments in our self-injection systems development, fluid transfer admixture devices, elastomeric packaging components, and formulation development.
we expense research and development costs as incurred. our research and development expenses fluctuate from period to period primarily based on the ongoing improvements to our manufacturing processes and product enhancements.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses primarily include personnel costs, incentive compensation, insurance, professional fees, and depreciation.
financial performance summary the following tables present a reconciliation from u.s. gaap to non-u.s. gaap financial measures:
($ in millions)                                                           operating profit                  income tax expense                 net income                diluted eps year ended december 31, 2021 gaap                                           $752.3                             $107.2                        $661.8                      $8.67
unallocated items:
restructuring and related charges (1)                                          2.2                                0.4                           1.8                             0.02
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets (3)                      0.8                                0.1                           2.8                             0.04
cost investment activity (5)                                                   4.3                              (0.1)                           4.4                       0.06
tax law changes (7)                                                              -                                1.4                         (1.4)                     (0.02)
during 2021, we recorded a tax benefit of $31.5 million associated with stock-based compensation.
($ in millions)                                                           operating profit                  income tax expense                 net income                diluted eps year ended december 31, 2020 gaap                                           $406.9                              $72.5                        $346.2                      $4.57
unallocated items:
restructuring and severance related charges (1)                                7.0                                1.7                           5.3                       0.07
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets (3)                      0.6                                0.1                           3.6                       0.05
cost investment impairment (5)                                                         2.5                          -                                 2.5                       0.03
during 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of $20.8 million associated with stock-based compensation.
($ in millions)                                                           operating profit                  income tax expense                 net income                diluted eps year ended december 31, 2019 gaap                                           $296.6                              $59.0                        $241.7                      $3.21
unallocated items:
restructuring and related charges (1)                                                  4.9                                 1.2                        3.7                       0.04
gain on restructuring-related sale of assets                                         (1.7)                               (0.4)                      (1.3)                     (0.02)
argentina currency devaluation                                                         1.0                                   -                        1.0                       0.01
tax law changes (7)                                                                      -                                 0.3                      (0.3)                          -
during 2019, we recorded a tax benefit of $10.3 million associated with stock-based compensation.
(1) during 2021 and 2020, the company recorded a restructuring and severance related charge of $2.2 million and $7.0 million, respectively, to optimize certain organizational structure within the company. during 2019, the company recorded $4.9 million in restructuring and related charges in connection with the 2018 plan.
(2) the company recorded a pension settlement charge within other nonoperating (income) expense, as it determined that normal-course lump-sum payments for our u.s. qualified, and in 2020 and 2019 our non-qualified, defined benefit pension plan exceeded the threshold for settlement accounting.
(3) during 2021, the company recorded $0.8 million of amortization expense within operating profit associated with an acquisition of an intangible asset during the second quarter of 2020. additionally, the company recorded $2.1 million of amortization expense in association with an acquisition of increased ownership interest in daikyo. during 2020, the company recorded $0.6 million of amortization expense within operating profit associated with an acquisition of an intangible asset during the second quarter of 2020. additionally, the company recorded $3.1 million of amortization expense in association with an acquisition of increased ownership interest in daikyo.
(4) the company recorded a $2.8 million impairment charge for certain long-lived and intangible assets within the proprietary products segment as it determined the carrying value exceeded the fair value of the assets. $1.9 million of this charge is recorded in cost of goods sold and $0.9 million of the charge is recorded in selling, general, and administrative expense, due to the nature of the impaired assets.
(5) during 2021, the net cost investment activity was $4.3 million, inclusive of an impairment charge of $4.6 million offset by a $0.3 million gain on the sale of a cost investment. during 2020, the company recorded a cost investment impairment charge of $2.5 million.
(6) the company prepaid future royalties from one of its subsidiaries, which resulted in a $18.5 million tax benefit.
(7) during 2021, the company recorded a tax benefit of $1.4 million due to the impact of a united kingdom tax law change enacted during the period. during 2019, the company recorded a net tax benefit of $0.3 million due to the impact of federal law changes enacted during the respective year.
results of operations we evaluate the performance of our segments based upon, among other things, segment net sales and operating profit. segment operating profit excludes general corporate costs, which include executive and director compensation, stock-based compensation, certain pension and other retirement benefit costs, and other corporate facilities and administrative expenses not allocated to the segments. also excluded are items that we consider not representative of ongoing operations. such items are referred to as other unallocated items for which further information can be found above in the reconciliation from u.s. gaap to non-u.s. gaap financial measures.
year ended december 31,                                              % change
consolidated net sales increased by $684.7 million, or 31.9%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $53.5 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, consolidated net sales increased by $631.2 million, or 29.4%.
proprietary products - proprietary products net sales increased by $668.7 million, or 40.6%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $46.1 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, net sales increased by $622.6 million, or 37.8%, primarily due to growth in our high-value product offerings, including westar®, novapure®, daikyo®, and flurotec®-coated components. net sales in 2021 included approximately $459 million in covid-19 related activity for vaccines, antiviral treatments and treatment of underlying covid-19 symptoms. net sales in 2020 included approximately $99 million in covid-19 related activity for vaccines, antiviral treatments and treatment of underlying covid-19 symptoms.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products net sales increased by $16.1 million, or 3.2%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $7.4 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, net sales increased by $8.6 million, or 1.7%, due to an increase primarily in the sale of healthcare-related medical devices.
the intersegment sales elimination, which is required for the presentation of consolidated net sales, represents the elimination of components sold between our segments.
consolidated net sales increased by $307.0 million, or 16.7%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $5.7 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, as well as incremental sales of $1.2 million from the acquisition of our distributor in south korea in 2019, consolidated net sales increased by $300.1 million, or 16.3%.
proprietary products - proprietary products net sales increased by $250.0 million, or 17.9%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $2.2 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, as well as $1.2 million of incremental sales in 2020 from the acquisition of our distributor in south korea in 2019, net sales increased by $246.6 million, or 17.6%, primarily due to growth in our high-value product offerings, including our flurotec-coated components, westar® components, daikyo® and novapure® components, daikyo crystal zenith® products, and our self-injection delivery platforms, all of which included approximately $99 million in covid-19 related activity for vaccines, antiviral treatments and treatment of underlying covid-19 symptoms.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products net sales increased by $57.1 million, or 12.9%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $3.5 million. excluding foreign currency translation effects, net sales increased by $53.5 million, or 12.1%, due to an increase in the sale of healthcare-related injection and diagnostic devices.
the intersegment sales elimination, which is required for the presentation of consolidated net sales, represents the elimination of components sold between our segments.
gross profit the following table presents gross profit and related gross margins, consolidated and by reportable segment and by unallocated:
year ended december 31,                                              % change
gross profit                              $1,093.9                      $682.2                      $540.4                     60.3     %                 26.2     %
gross profit margin                           47.2   %                    41.4   %                    38.6   %
gross profit                                 $83.8                       $85.6                       $65.5                    (2.1)     %                 30.7     %
gross profit margin                           16.3   %                    17.2   %                    14.8   %
unallocated items                           $(1.9)                          $-                      $(0.2)
consolidated gross profit                 $1,175.8                      $767.8                      $605.7                     53.1     %                 26.8     %
consolidated gross profit margin              41.5   %                    35.8   %                    32.9   %
consolidated gross profit increased by $408.0 million, or 53.1%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $19.5 million. consolidated gross profit margin increased by 5.7 margin points in 2021.
proprietary products - proprietary products gross profit increased by $411.7 million, or 60.3%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $18.2 million. proprietary products gross profit margin increased by 5.8 margin points in 2021, due to a favorable mix of products sold, sales price increases and production efficiencies, partially offset by increased overhead costs including compensation costs.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products gross profit decreased by $1.8 million, or 2.1%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $1.3 million. contract-manufactured products gross profit margin decreased by 0.9 margin points in 2021, due to unfavorable mix of products sold and timing of the pass-through of raw material price increases to customers.
consolidated gross profit increased by $162.1 million, or 26.8%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $1.0 million. consolidated gross profit margin increased by 2.9 margin points in 2020.
proprietary products - proprietary products gross profit increased by $141.8 million, or 26.2%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.3 million. proprietary products gross profit margin increased by 2.8 margin points in 2020, due to a favorable mix of products sold, production efficiencies, and sales price increases, partially offset by increased overhead costs including compensation costs and covid-19 related expenses.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products gross profit increased by $20.1 million, or 30.7%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.7 million. contract-manufactured products gross profit margin increased by 2.4 margin points in 2020, due to a favorable mix of products sold and production efficiencies, partially offset by increased overhead costs including compensation costs.
research and development ("r&d") costs the following table presents consolidated r&d costs:
year ended december 31,                                              % change
consolidated r&amp;d costs         $52.8                     $46.9                     $38.9       12.6                   %                 20.6     %
consolidated r&d costs increased by $5.9 million, or 12.6%, in 2021, as compared to 2020. efforts remain focused on the continued investment in self-injection systems development, fluid transfer admixture devices, elastomeric packaging components, and formulation development.
consolidated r&d costs increased by $8.0 million, or 20.6%, in 2020, as compared to 2019. efforts remain focused on the continued investment in self-injection systems development, fluid transfer admixture devices, elastomeric packaging components, and formulation development.
all of the r&d costs incurred during 2021, 2020 and 2019 related to proprietary products.
selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") costs the following table presents sg&a costs, consolidated and by reportable segment and corporate and unallocated items:
year ended december 31,                                              % change
corporate and unallocated items            102.1                        89.0                        66.6                     14.7     %                 33.6     %
consolidated sg&amp;a costs               $362.8                      $302.0                      $272.7                     20.1     %                 10.7     %
consolidated sg&a costs increased by $60.8 million, or 20.1%, in 2021, including an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $2.6 million.
proprietary products - proprietary products sg&a costs increased by $47.3 million, or 23.9%, in 2021, primarily due to an increase in compensation costs and increased headcount costs, increase in professional services and legal services, partially offset by a reduction in travel expenses.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products sg&a costs increased by $0.4 million, or 2.6%, in 2021, due to an increase in compensation costs.
corporate and unallocated items - corporate sg&a costs increased by $13.1 million, or 14.7%, in 2021, primarily due to increases in compensation costs and stock-based compensation costs.
consolidated sg&a costs increased by $29.3 million, or 10.7%, in 2020 with no foreign currency translation impact.
proprietary products - proprietary products sg&a costs increased by $7.6 million, or 4.0%, in 2020, primarily due to an increase in compensation costs, partially offset by a reduction in travel expenses and incremental costs incurred in 2019 associated with our voluntary recall.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products sg&a costs decreased by $0.7 million, or 4.3%, in 2020, due to a reduction in travel expenses.
corporate and unallocated items - corporate sg&a costs increased by $22.4 million, or 33.6%, in 2020, primarily due to increases in stock-based compensation costs, incentive compensation costs and an increase in consulting service costs.
the following table presents other expense and income items, consolidated and by reportable segment and corporate and unallocated items:
corporate and unallocated items               7.0                       7.2                       (0.7)
other expense and income items, consisting of foreign exchange transaction gains and losses, gains and losses on the sale of fixed assets, development and licensing income, contingent consideration, and miscellaneous income and charges, are generally recorded within segment results.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products other expense (income) decreased by $0.8 million in 2021 as compared to 2020, primarily due to a reduction in the foreign currency exchange transaction loss.
corporate and unallocated items - corporate and unallocated items decreased by $0.2 million in 2021 as compared to 2020. during 2021, we recorded $2.2 million in restructuring and related charges and $4.6 million in impairment charges related to our cost investments. during 2020, we recorded $4.6 million in restructuring and related charges and a $2.5 million impairment charge related to a cost investment.
consolidated other expense (income) changed by $14.5 million in 2020.
proprietary products - proprietary products other expense (income) changed by $5.3 million in 2020, primarily due to an increase in the fixed asset impairments recorded, partially offset by a decrease in the smartdose contingent consideration charge. please refer to note 12, fair value measurements, for further discussion of this item.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products other expense (income) changed by $1.3 million in 2020 as compared to 2019, primarily due to an increase in foreign exchange transaction losses.
corporate and unallocated items - corporate and unallocated items changed by $7.9 million in 2020. during 2020, we recorded $4.6 million in restructuring and related charges and a $2.5 million impairment charge related to a cost investment. in 2019, offsetting the $4.9 million restructuring and related charge and $1.0 million charge as a result of the continued devaluation of argentina's currency, the company recorded a $1.9 million gain on the sale of fixed assets as a result of our 2018 restructuring plan and recognized a tax recovery of $4.7 million related to previously-paid international excise taxes, following a favorable court ruling.
operating profit the following table presents operating profit and adjusted operating profit, consolidated and by reportable segment, corporate and unallocated items:
year ended december 31,                                              % change
adjusted consolidated operating profit                   $762.4                      $417.0                      $296.4                     82.8     %                 40.7     %
adjusted consolidated operating profit margin              26.9   %                    19.4   %                    16.1   %
unallocated items                                        (10.1)                      (10.1)                         0.2
consolidated operating profit                            $752.3                      $406.9                      $296.6                     84.9     %                 37.2     %
consolidated operating profit margin                       26.6   %                    19.0   %                    16.1   %
consolidated operating profit increased by $345.4 million, or 84.9%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $16.4 million.
proprietary products - proprietary products operating profit increased by $361.6 million, or 83.2%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $15.3 million, due to the factors described above, most notably the sales increase in our high-value product offerings, inclusive of covid-19 related activity.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products operating profit decreased by $1.4 million, or 2.0%, in 2021, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $1.1 million, due to the factors described above, most notably due an unfavorable mix of products sold and timing of the pass-through of raw material price increases to customers.
corporate - corporate costs increased by $14.8 million, or 17.2%, in 2021, which decreased operating profit, due to the factors described above most notably an increase in stock-based compensation costs and incentive compensation costs.
unallocated items - please refer to the financial performance summary section above for details.
excluding the unallocated items, our adjusted consolidated operating profit margin increased by 7.5 margin points in 2021.
consolidated operating profit increased by $110.3 million, or 37.2%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.8 million.
proprietary products - proprietary products operating profit increased by $120.9 million, or 38.6%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.2 million, due to the factors described above, most notably the sales increase in our high-value product offerings, inclusive of covid-19 related activity.
contract-manufactured products - contract-manufactured products operating profit increased by $19.5 million, or 39.7%, in 2020, including a favorable foreign currency translation impact of $0.6 million, due to the factors described above, most notably the sales increase in our products with a more favorable gross profit margin.
corporate - corporate costs increased by $19.8 million, or 29.9%, in 2020, which decreased operating profit, due to the factors described above most notably an increase in stock-based compensation costs and incentive compensation costs.
unallocated items - please refer to the financial performance summary section above for details.
excluding the unallocated items, our adjusted consolidated operating profit margin increased by 3.3 margin points in 2020.
year ended december 31,                                              % change
capitalized interest            (2.0)                     (1.4)                     (0.9)                     42.9     %                 55.6     %
interest expense, net, increased by $0.4 million, or 5.9%, in 2021, due to an increase in other bank fees and a decrease in interest income in 2021 resulting from lower interest rates compared to the prior year, partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest due to an increase in capital expenditures in 2021.
interest expense, net, increased by $2.1 million, or 44.7%, in 2020, due to a decrease in interest income in 2020 resulting from lower interest rates compared to the prior year, partially offset by an increase in capitalized interest due to an increase in capital expenditures in 2020.
other nonoperating (income) expense changed by $2.6 million in 2021, primarily due to a reduction in the pension settlement charge and by a decrease in u.s. pension interest cost. in both 2021 and 2020, we determined that normal-course lump-sum payments for our u.s. qualified, and non-qualified in 2020, defined benefit pension plan exceeded the threshold for settlement accounting under u.s. gaap for the year.
other nonoperating (income) expense changed by $1.3 million in 2020, primarily due to a decrease in the interest cost component of our net periodic benefit expense, partially offset by an increase in pension settlement charges. a pension settlement charge of $3.7 million was recorded in 2020, as we determined that normal-course lump-sum payments for each of our u.s. qualified and non-qualified defined benefit pension plans exceeded the threshold for settlement accounting under u.s. gaap for the year.
income taxes the provision for income taxes was $107.2 million, $72.5 million, and $59.0 million for the years 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively, and the effective tax rate was 14.3%, 18.1%, and 20.2%, respectively.
during 2021, we recorded a tax benefit of $31.5 million associated with stock-based compensation, an increase from the tax benefit of $20.8 million associated with stock-based compensation in 2020, and a tax benefit of $18.5 million for prepayment of future royalties from one of our subsidiaries, which both contributed to the effective tax rate decline from 18.1% in 2020 to 14.3% in 2021.
during 2020, we recorded a tax benefit of $20.8 million associated with stock-based compensation and incurred less tax on international operations versus the prior year.
during 2019, we recorded a net tax benefit of $0.3 million due to the impact of federal law changes enacted during the year, as well as a tax benefit of $10.3 million associated with stock-based compensation.
please refer to note 17, income taxes, for further discussion of our income taxes.
equity in net income of affiliated companies equity in net income of affiliated companies represents the contribution to earnings from our 49% ownership interest in daikyo, which increased from 25% during the fourth quarter of 2019, and our 49% ownership interest in four companies majority-owned by a long-time partner located in mexico. please refer to note 7, affiliated companies, for further discussion. equity in net income of affiliated companies was $20.1 million, $17.4 million, and $8.9 million for the years 2021, 2020, and 2019, respectively. equity in net income of affiliated companies increased by $2.7 million, or 15.5%, in 2021, primarily due to favorable operating results at daikyo. equity in net income of affiliated companies increased by $8.5 million, or 95.5%, in 2020, primarily due to favorable operating results at daikyo and the increased ownership of daikyo starting in the fourth quarter of 2019.
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources cash flows the following table presents cash flow data for the years ended december 31:
net cash provided by operating activities       $584.0                     $472.5                    $367.2
net cash used in investing activities           $(253.1)                   $(179.5)                  $(228.0)
net cash used in financing activities           $(168.1)                   $(137.1)                  $(36.8)
net cash provided by operating activities
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $111.5 million in 2021, primarily due to improved operating results, offset by increases in working capital and timing of tax payments in 2021.
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $105.3 million in 2020, primarily due to improved operating results and changes in assets and liabilities.
net cash used in investing activities
net cash used in investing activities increased by $73.6 million in 2021, primarily due to increases in capital expenditures in 2021 to meet customer demand.
net cash used in investing activities decreased by $48.5 million in 2020, primarily due to 2019 investing activities that did not recur in 2020, such as our increase in daikyo ownership and the acquisition of our south korea distributor in 2019. these reductions in investing activities were offset in 2020 by an increase in capital expenditures to support our increased customer demands.
net cash used in financing activities
net cash used in financing activities increased by $31.0 million in 2021, primarily due to an increase in purchases under our share repurchases program.
net cash used in financing activities increased by $100.3 million in 2020, primarily due to an increase in purchases under our share repurchases program and given 2019 included new long-term borrowings while no such new borrowings occurred in 2020.
liquidity and capital resources the table below presents selected liquidity and capital measures as of:
equity                                $2,335.4                $1,854.5
working capital                       $1,147.9                  $870.3
cash and cash equivalents include all instruments that have maturities of ninety days or less when purchased. working capital is defined as current assets less current liabilities.
cash and cash equivalents - our cash and cash equivalents balance at december 31, 2021 consisted of cash held in depository accounts with banks around the world and cash invested in high-quality, short-term investments. the cash and cash equivalents balance at december 31, 2021 included $422.0 million of cash held by subsidiaries within the u.s. and $340.6 million of cash held by subsidiaries outside of the u.s. in response to the 2017 tax act, we reevaluated our position regarding permanent reinvestment of foreign subsidiary earnings and profits through 2017 (with the exception of china and mexico) and decided that those profits were no longer permanently reinvested. as of january 1, 2018, we reasserted indefinite reinvestment related to all post-2017 unremitted earnings in all of our foreign subsidiaries. in general, it is our practice and intention to permanently reinvest the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and repatriate earnings only when the tax impact is de minimis, and that position has not changed subsequent to the one-time transition tax under the 2017 tax act, except as noted above. accordingly, no deferred taxes have been provided for withholding taxes or other taxes that would result upon repatriation of approximately $635.3 million of undistributed earnings from foreign subsidiaries to the u.s., as those earnings continue to be permanently reinvested. further, it is impracticable for us to estimate any future tax costs for any unrecognized deferred tax liabilities associated with our indefinite reinvestment assertion, because the actual tax liability, if any, would be dependent on complex analysis and calculations considering various tax laws, exchange rates, circumstances existing when there is a repatriation, sale or liquidation, or other factors.
working capital - working capital at december 31, 2021 increased by $277.6 million, or 31.9%, as compared to december 31, 2020, which includes an unfavorable foreign currency translation impact of $13.3 million. excluding the impact of currency exchange rates, cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, inventories, and total current liabilities increased by $162.6 million, $121.0 million, $69.3 million, and $108.0 million, respectively. the increase in accounts receivable was due to increased sales activity. the increase in inventories that occurred in the period was to ensure we have sufficient inventory on hand to support the needs of our customers. the increase in total current liabilities was primarily due to increases in current debt, accounts payable, accrued salaries, wages and benefits, accrued expenses, and accrued rebates.
debt and credit facilities - the $2.2 million decrease in total debt at december 31, 2021, as compared to december 31, 2020, resulted from debt repayments under our term loan.
our sources of liquidity include our credit facility. at december 31, 2021, we had no outstanding borrowings under the credit facility. at december 31, 2021, the borrowing capacity available under the credit facility, including outstanding letters of credit of $2.4 million, was $297.6 million. we do not expect any significant limitations on our ability to access this source of funds. please refer to note 10, debt, for further discussion of our credit facility.
pursuant to the financial covenants in our debt agreements, we are required to maintain established interest coverage ratios and to not exceed established leverage ratios. in addition, the agreements contain other customary covenants, none of which we consider restrictive to our operations. at december 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all of our debt covenants, and we expect to continue to be in compliance with the terms of these agreements throughout 2022.
we believe that cash on hand and cash generated from operations, together with availability under our credit facility, will be adequate to address our foreseeable liquidity needs based on our current expectations of our business operations, capital expenditures and scheduled payments of debt obligations to continue to meet customer demand.
commitments and contractual obligations contractual obligations associated with ongoing business activities are expected to result in cash payments in future periods, and include the following material items:
•our business creates a need to enter into various commitments with suppliers, including for the purchase of raw materials and finished goods. in accordance with u.s. gaap, these purchase obligations are not reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. at december 31, 2021, our outstanding unconditional contractual commitments, including for the purchase of raw materials and finished goods, amounted to $93.6 million, of which $48.3 million is due to be paid in 2022. these purchase commitments do not exceed our projected requirements and are in the normal course of business. the company previously entered into a material supply agreement for butyl polymers used as a principal raw material in a broad range of the company's polymer-based pharmaceutical packaging products.
•our long-term debt obligations, net of unamortized debt issuance costs including fixed and variable-rate debt further discussed in note 10, debt.
•our operating leases obligations primarily related to land, buildings, and machinery and equipment, with lease terms through 2047 further discussed in note 6, leases.
critical accounting estimates management's discussion and analysis addresses consolidated financial statements that are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the application of these principles requires management to make estimates and assumptions, some of which are subjective and complex, that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. we believe the following accounting policies and estimates are critical to understanding and evaluating our results of operations and financial position:
impairment of long-lived assets: long-lived assets, including property, plant and equipment and operating lease right-of-use assets, are tested for impairment whenever circumstances, such as a deterioration in general macroeconomic conditions or a change in company strategy, increased competition, declining product demand, plans to dispose of an asset or asset group, or recent financial or legal factors that could impact the expected cash flows, indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. an asset is considered impaired if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the sum of the future expected undiscounted cash flows to be derived from the asset. impairment reviews are based on an estimated future cash flow approach that requires significant judgment with respect to future revenue and expense growth rates, selection of appropriate discount rate, asset groupings, and other assumptions and estimates. the company uses estimates that are consistent with its business plans and a market participant view of the assets being evaluated. once an asset is considered impaired, an impairment loss is recorded within other expense (income) for the difference between the asset's carrying value and its fair value. for assets held and used in the business, management determines fair value using estimated future cash flows to be derived from the asset, discounted to a net present value using an appropriate discount rate. for assets held for sale or for investment purposes, management determines fair value by estimating the proceeds to be received upon sale of the asset, less disposition costs.
impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets: goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually, following the completion of our annual budget and long-range planning process, or whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is the same as, or one level below, our operating segments. a goodwill impairment charge represents the amount by which a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. considerable management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. amounts and assumptions used in our goodwill impairment test, such as future sales, future cash flows and long-term growth rates, are consistent with internal projections and operating plans. amounts and assumptions used in our goodwill impairment test are also largely dependent on the continued sale of drug products delivered by injection and the packaging of drug products, as well as our timeliness and success in new-product innovation or the development and commercialization of proprietary multi-component systems. changes in the estimate of fair value, including the estimate of future cash flows, could have a material impact on our future results of operations and financial position. accounting guidance also allows entities to first assess qualitative factors, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, and overall financial performance, to determine whether it is necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. we elected to follow this guidance for our annual impairment test. based upon our assessment, we determined that it was not more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units was less than its carrying amount and determined that it was not necessary to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test.
intangible assets with finite lives are amortized using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and reviewed for impairment whenever circumstances indicate that the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable.
employee benefits: we maintain funded and unfunded defined benefit pension plans in the u.s. and a number of other countries that cover employees who meet eligibility requirements. in addition, we sponsor postretirement benefit plans which provide healthcare benefits for eligible employees who retire or become disabled. postretirement benefit plans are limited to only those active employees who met the eligibility requirements as of january 1, 2017. the measurement of annual cost and obligations under these defined benefit pension and postretirement plans are subject to a number of assumptions, which are specific for each of our u.s. and foreign plans. the assumptions, which are reviewed at least annually, are relevant to both the plan assets (where applicable) and the obligation for benefits that will ultimately be provided to our employees. two of the most critical assumptions in determining pension expense are the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return on plan assets. other assumptions reflect demographic factors such as retirement age, rates of compensation increases, mortality and turnover, and are evaluated periodically and updated to reflect our actual experience. for our funded plans, we consider the current and expected asset allocations of our plan assets, as well as historical and expected rates of return, in estimating the long-term rate of return on plan assets. one of the most critical assumptions in determining retiree mental plan expense is the discount rate. under u.s. gaap, differences between actual and expected results are generally accumulated in other comprehensive income (loss) as actuarial gains or losses and subsequently amortized into earnings over future periods.
changes in key assumptions could have a material impact on our future results of operations and financial position. we estimate that every 25-basis point reduction in our long-term rate of return assumption would increase pension expense by $0.7 million, and every 25-basis point reduction in our discount rate would decrease pension expense by $0.0 million. a decrease in the discount rate increases the present value of benefit obligations. our net pension underfunded balance at december 31, 2021 was $20.6 million, compared to $40.8 million at december 31, 2020. our underfunded balance for other postretirement benefits was $5.6 million at december 31, 2021, compared to $6.1 million at december 31, 2020.
income taxes: we estimate income taxes payable based upon current domestic and international tax legislation. in addition, deferred income taxes are recognized by applying enacted statutory tax rates to tax loss carryforwards and temporary differences between the tax basis and financial statement carrying values of our assets and liabilities. the enacted statutory tax rate applied is based on the rate expected to be applicable at the time of the forecasted utilization of the loss carryforward or reversal of the temporary difference. valuation allowances on deferred tax assets are established when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. the realizability of deferred tax assets is subject to our estimates of future taxable income, generally at the respective subsidiary company and country level. changes in tax legislation, business plans and other factors may affect the ultimate recoverability of tax assets or final tax payments, which could result in adjustments to tax expense in the period such change is determined.
when accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in our financial statements, we apply a more-likely-than-not threshold for financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return.
please refer to note 1, basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies and note 2, new accounting standards, to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our significant accounting policies and accounting standards issued but not yet adopted.