Throughout the contract period, customers use our solutions to complete various phases of the creative and/or marketing processes allowing them to concurrently work on multiple projects. In response to evolving customer and market expectations, we frequently expand and improve our technology to keep up with the pace of change, to provide enhancements to our tools to meet industry needs and to provide support at each stage of the customer's life cycle. We believe that investments in research and development, including the recruiting and hiring of software developers, are critical to remain competitive in the marketplace and are directly related to continued timely development of new and enhanced offerings and solutions. We continue to implement strategies that will accelerate awareness, consideration and purchase of subscriptions to our creative cloud offerings. Our digital marketing business provides comprehensive solutions that include analytics, social marketing, targeting, media optimization, digital experience management, cross-channel campaign management, audience management, premium video delivery and monetization. We deliver these capabilities through our Adobe Marketing Cloud, an integrated offering enabling marketers to measure, personalize and optimize marketing campaigns and digital experiences across channels for optimal marketing performance. By combining the creativity of our digital media business with the science of our digital marketing business, we help our customers to more efficiently and effectively make, manage, measure and monetize their content across every channel with an end-to-end workflow and feedback loop. We have made significant investments to broaden the scale and size of all of these routes to market, and our recent financial results reflect the success of these investments. Our strategy with Creative Cloud is designed to enable us to increase our revenue with users, attract more new customers, and grow a recurring and predictable revenue stream that is recognized ratably. The increase in deferred revenue was primarily due to increased subscriptions for our Creative Cloud offerings and increases in digital marketing hosted services. We recognize subscription revenue ratably over the term of agreements with our customers, beginning with commencement of the service. Our customers include digital marketers, advertisers, publishers, merchandisers, web analysts, chief marketing officers, chief information officers and chief revenue officers. We utilize a direct salesforce to market and license our Adobe Marketing Cloud solutions, as well as an extensive ecosystem of partners including marketing agencies, systems integrators and developers that help license and deploy our solutions to their customers. We expect that the addition of Tubemogul and sustained demand across our portfolio of marketing cloud solutions will drive revenue growth in future years. We have established VSOE for our software maintenance and support services, custom software development services, consulting services and training, when such services are sold optionally with software licenses. Our consulting revenue is recognized on a time and materials basis and is measured monthly based on input measures, such as on hours incurred to date compared to total estimated hours to complete, with consideration given to output measures, such as contract milestones, when applicable. We believe that the assumptions, judgments and estimates involved in the accounting for revenue recognition, business combinations, goodwill impairment and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. We expect to continue our investing activities, including short-term and long-term investments, venture capital, facilities expansion and purchases of computer systems for research and development, sales and marketing, product support and administrative staff.