Our business is driven primarily by international results, which consist of the results of booking.com, agoda.com, and rentalcars.com and the international businesses of kayak and opentable. We believe this growth is the result of, among other things, the broader shift of travel purchases from offline to online, the widespread adoption of mobile devices, and the continued innovation and execution by our teams around the world to build accommodation supply, content, and distribution and to improve the consumer experience on our websites and mobile apps. We have experienced a significant shift of both direct and indirect business to mobile platforms, and our advertising partners are also seeing a rapid shift of traffic to mobile platforms. We have observed an increase in promotional pricing to closed user groups, including through mobile apps. As part of our strategy to increase the number and variety of accommodations available on booking.com, booking.com is increasingly processing transactions on a merchant basis where it facilitates payments on behalf of customers. This allows booking.com to process transactions for properties that do not accept credit cards and to increase its ability to offer flexible transaction terms to consumers, such as the form and timing of payment. Information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, data communications, and other expenses associated with operating our services. Information technology expenses increased during the year ended December 31, 2016, compared to the year ended December 31, 2015, due primarily to growth in our worldwide operations. Our international operations accounted for approximately $9.1 billion of our gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2016. We believe that continuing to expand the number and variety of accommodations available through our services will help us to continue to grow our accommodation reservation business. We have established widely used and recognized e-commerce brands through marketing and promotional campaigns. Our performance and brand advertising expenses have increased significantly in recent years, a trend we expect to continue. We intend to continue to invest in marketing and promotion, technology, and personnel within parameters consistent with attempts to improve long-term operating results, even if those expenditures create pressure on operating margins. We may explore strategic alternatives from time to time in the form of mergers and acquisitions. Our goal is to grow gross profit and achieve healthy operating margins in an effort to maintain profitability. We have observed a long-term trend of decreasing performance advertising returns on investment, a trend we expect to continue. The markets for the services we offer are intensely competitive, and current and new competitors can launch new services at a relatively low cost. Some of our current and potential competitors have access to significantly greater and more diversified resources than we do, and they may be able to leverage other aspects of their businesses to enable them to compete more effectively with us. We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide, and, over time, to offer other travel and travel-related services. The uncertain and highly competitive environment in which we operate makes the prediction of future results of operations difficult, and accordingly, we may not be able to sustain gross profit growth and profitability.