Through our subsidiaries, we engage in a number of diverse business activities. We manage our operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are essentially no centralized or integrated business functions, and there is minimal involvement by our corporate headquarters in the day-to-day business activities of the operating businesses. Our senior corporate management team participates in and is ultimately responsible for significant capital allocation decisions, investment activities, and the selection of the chief executive to head each of the operating businesses. Our management views insurance businesses as possessing two distinct operations—underwriting and investing. Underwriting decisions are the responsibility of the unit managers; investing decisions, with limited exceptions, are the responsibility of Berkshire’s chairman and CEO. The timing and amount of catastrophe losses can produce significant volatility in our periodic underwriting results, particularly with respect to our reinsurance operations. Our periodic underwriting results may also include significant foreign currency transaction gains and losses arising from the changes in the valuation of non-U.S. dollar denominated reinsurance liabilities. We believe that investment and derivative gains/losses are often meaningless in terms of understanding our reported results or evaluating our economic performance. We strive to generate underwriting profits in essentially all of our product lines. Our insurance and reinsurance businesses are General Re, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group, and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. Our property/casualty business produced pre-tax underwriting gains, and we continue to decline business when we believe prices are inadequate. However, we remain prepared to write substantially more business when appropriate prices can be attained. Our property/casualty premiums earned in 2016 reflected an increase from the quota-share contract with Insurance Australia Group, which became effective on July 1, 2015. We expect future capital expenditures to be funded by cash flows from operations and debt issuances. We maintain significant liquidity and a strong capital base. Our consolidated shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2016, was $283.0 billion. We expect the program to continue indefinitely, and we will not repurchase shares if it reduces the total amount of Berkshire’s consolidated cash, cash equivalents, and U.S. Treasury bills holdings below $20 billion. Our management does not evaluate underwriting performance based upon market share, and our underwriters are instructed to reject inadequately priced risks. We believe that maintaining ample liquidity is paramount and we insist on safety over yield with respect to such balances. Our insurance businesses generated after-tax earnings from underwriting, reflecting the impacts of business acquisitions and higher earnings from our building products businesses. Our manufacturing group includes a variety of businesses that produce industrial, building, and consumer products. The comparative increase in earnings was primarily attributable to the aforementioned increases in revenues and lower average raw material and energy costs. Our service businesses include fractional ownership programs for general aviation aircraft and high technology training to operators of aircraft. We also distribute electronic components and franchise a network of quick service restaurants. Our retailing businesses include home furnishings retailing, automotive sales, and jewelry retailing, which have benefited from acquisitions and revenue increases. We are subject to price risks related to various commodities, and we attempt to manage these risks through the pricing of our products and services to customers.