The continuing shift from an offline to online world has contributed to the growth of our business since inception, resulting in increasing revenues, and we expect that this online shift will continue to benefit our business. As online advertising evolves, we continue to expand our product offerings which may impact our monetization. We seek to expand our products and services to stay in front of this shift in order to maintain and grow our business. In this multi-device world, we generate our advertising revenues increasingly from mobile and newer advertising formats, and the margins from the advertising revenues from these sources have generally been lower than those from traditional desktop search. We continue to make significant research and development (R&D) investments in areas of strategic focus for Google, such as search, advertising, and machine learning, as well as in new products and services across both Google and other bets. The amount of our capital expenditures has fluctuated and may continue to fluctuate in the long term as we invest heavily in our systems, data centers, real estate and facilities, and information technology infrastructure. Our employees are among our best assets and are critical for our continued success. Their energy and talent drive Alphabet and create our success. We expect to continue hiring talented employees around the globe and to provide competitive compensation programs to our employees. Our technical infrastructure and some newer efforts like virtual reality are also included in Google. Google generates revenues primarily from advertising, sales of digital content, apps and cloud offerings, and sales of hardware products. We expect that R&D expenses will increase in dollar amount and may fluctuate as a percentage of revenues in 2017 and future periods. The increase in traffic acquisition costs of $2,450 million was due to increases in advertising revenues primarily from the growth of mobile search and programmatic ad buying which carry higher TAC. The increase in other cost of revenues of $4,524 million was primarily due to increases in data center costs including depreciation, labor, energy, bandwidth, and other equipment costs as a result of business growth. The increase in network members' TAC rate was primarily driven by the shift in advertising buying from our traditional network business to programmatic advertising buying. We expect cost of revenues to increase in dollar amount and as a percentage of total revenues in 2017 and future periods based on a number of factors, including the relative revenue growth rates of Google properties and our Google network members' properties. Our primary uses of cash from our operating activities include payments to our Google network members and distribution partners, and payments for content acquisition costs. Our largest source of cash provided by our operations are advertising revenues generated by Google properties and Google network members' properties. We believe that our sources of funding will be sufficient to satisfy our currently anticipated cash requirements including capital expenditures, working capital requirements, potential acquisitions and other liquidity requirements through at least the next 12 months. We evaluate, on a regular basis, developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments and changes to our disclosures as appropriate.