Our growth strategy depends upon our ability to initiate and embrace disruptive technology trends, to enter new markets, and to drive broad adoption of the products and services we develop and market. As we continue transitioning to offer more connected services, the ongoing operation and availability of our information technology and communication systems and those of our external service providers is becoming increasingly important. We are investing significant management attention and resources in our information technology infrastructure and in our privacy and security capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. The markets for software and related services, especially highly-available connected services, are characterized by rapid technological change, shifting customer needs, and frequent new product introductions and enhancements. The result is a global market that is shifting from traditional services that are paper-based, human-produced, and brick-and-mortar bound, to one where people understand, demand, and embrace the benefits of connected services. This trend toward connected services is the primary driver of the strategies in all of our businesses. We believe that an understanding of these trends is important in order to understand our financial results for fiscal 2016 as well as our future prospects. Our competition with large, cloud-based service companies who innovate quickly and serve small businesses and consumers may increase as we and those companies grow. We are investing significant resources in our product development, marketing, and sales capabilities, and we expect to continue to do so in the future. Our consumer tax offerings have significant seasonal patterns, and we expect the seasonality of our consumer tax business to continue to have a significant impact on our quarterly financial results in the future. Connected services revenue as a percentage of our total revenue is expected to continue to grow in the future. We track certain non-financial drivers of revenue growth, including customer growth and retention for all of our businesses and transaction volume for our payment processing business. The changes to our desktop software offerings have affected our revenue and operating income, and we plan to continue to provide ongoing enhancements and certain connected services for all future versions of these products. We recognize revenue for these offerings as services are provided through the end of each calendar year. We are also subject to certain legal proceedings that arise in the normal course of our business, which may affect our financial position and results of operations. Our cash, cash equivalents, and investments totaled $1.1 billion at July 31, 2016, and we expect to return excess cash generated by operations to our stockholders through repurchases of our common stock and payment of cash dividends. We evaluate, on an ongoing basis, the merits of acquiring technology or businesses, or establishing strategic relationships with and investing in other companies. Our strong liquidity profile enables us to respond nimbly to these kinds of opportunities. We monitor counterparty risk associated with the institutional lenders that are providing our credit facility. We currently believe that the credit facility will be available to us should we choose to borrow under it. We assess the need for an adjustment to the valuation allowance on a quarterly basis, based on our estimates of future sources of taxable income for the jurisdictions in which we operate.