Servicenow is a leading provider of enterprise cloud computing solutions that define, structure, manage, and automate services for global enterprises. Our mission is to help our customers improve service levels and reduce costs while scaling and automating their businesses. We continue to invest in the development of our services, infrastructure, and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth. Our service management solutions include the Servicenow platform, IT service management, IT business management, customer service, human resources, and security operations, which have similar features and functions and are generally priced on a per-user basis. Our IT operations management solutions, which improve visibility, availability, and agility of enterprise services, are generally priced on a per-node basis. We expect subscription revenues to grow in absolute dollars and as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to add new customers and upsell to existing customers. Our expectations for 2017 revenues, cost of revenues, and operating expenses were based on foreign exchange rates as of December 31, 2016. The increase in our subscription gross profit percentage to 81% for the year ended December 31, 2016, from 78% for the year ended December 31, 2015, was due to improved data center utilization and economies of scale. We expect our cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms as we provide subscription services to more customers and increase the number of users within our customer instances, but we expect such increase to be at a slower rate than the increase in our subscription revenue, leading to a slight increase in our subscription gross profit percentage for the year ended December 31, 2017. Our professional services revenues consist of fees associated with the implementation and configuration of our subscription service. Our arrangements for professional services are primarily on a time-and-materials basis. We generally invoice our professional services monthly in arrears based on actual hours and expenses incurred. The general strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other major foreign currencies from the year ended December 31, 2015, to the year ended December 31, 2016, had a favorable impact on our cost of revenues. We expect research and development expenses to increase for the year ended December 31, 2017, in absolute dollar terms, but decrease slightly as a percentage of total revenues as we continue to improve the existing functionality of our services, develop new applications to fill market needs, and continue to enhance our core platform. Our customer relationships are critical to our business strategy, and we leverage our IT capabilities to enhance service delivery and customer satisfaction. The average contract term for new customers, upsells, and renewals indicates our commitment to long-term partnerships, which is essential for our operational flexibility and market responsiveness. We recognize the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. Our IT capability has become key in transforming our firm into a competitive force, as it supports our business needs and enhances our operational efficiency. The increase in our headcount reflects our strategy to build internal capabilities that align with our growth objectives and market demands. We continue to focus on investing in our technology infrastructure to support our expanding customer base and enhance our service offerings.