We believe our platform offers superior performance compared to legacy approaches and reduces the total cost of ownership for organizations by simplifying their security infrastructure and eliminating the need for multiple, stand-alone security appliances and software products. Our next-generation security platform consists of three major elements: our next-generation firewall, our advanced endpoint protection, and our threat intelligence cloud. Our next-generation firewall delivers application, user, and content visibility and control as well as protection against network-based cyber threats integrated within the firewall through our proprietary hardware and software architecture. Our advanced endpoint protection prevents cyber attacks that aim to run malicious code or exploit software vulnerabilities on a broad variety of fixed and virtual endpoints and servers. Our threat intelligence cloud provides central intelligence capabilities, security for SaaS applications, and automated delivery of preventative measures against cyber attacks. We believe that the growth of our business and our short-term and long-term success are dependent upon many factors, including our ability to extend our technology leadership, grow our base of end-customers, expand deployment of our platform and services within existing end-customers, and focus on end-customer satisfaction. To manage any future growth effectively, we must continue to improve and expand our information technology and financial infrastructure, our operating and administrative systems and controls, and our ability to manage headcount, capital, and processes in an efficient manner. While these areas present significant opportunities for us, they also pose challenges and risks that we must successfully address in order to sustain the growth of our business and improve our operating results. Our cost of product revenue includes allocated costs, which consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount. We expect our cost of services revenue to increase as our installed end-customer base grows. The increases in both periods were driven by increases in personnel costs, which grew significantly due to headcount growth. We expect research and development expense to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to invest in our future products and services, although our research and development expense may fluctuate as a percentage of total revenue. We continue to thoughtfully invest in headcount and have substantially grown our sales presence internationally. Our operating expenses also include allocated costs, which consist of certain facilities, depreciation, benefits, recruiting, and information technology costs that we allocate based on headcount. We expect operating expenses to increase in absolute dollars and decrease over the long term as a percentage of revenue as we continue to scale our business. We monitor cash flow provided by operating activities as a measure of our overall business performance. Our cash flow provided by operating activities is driven in large part by sales of our products and from up-front payments for both subscriptions and support and maintenance services. We believe that our cash flow from operations with existing cash and cash equivalents will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for the foreseeable future. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors including our growth rate, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, and the introduction of new and enhanced products and services offerings. We may also choose to seek additional equity or debt financing. If we are unable to raise additional capital when desired, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be adversely affected.