The discussion that follows relates to our 52-week fiscal years ended January 28, 2017, January 30, 2016, and January 31, 2015. We continue to strengthen our infrastructure in support of our continuing growth, and we implemented the second phase of our wage initiative to raise wages for U.S. hourly store associates. The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of net sales was primarily due to higher employee payroll costs due to wage increases and investments to support our growth. Our capital expenditures in fiscal 2018 will include approximately $600 million for our offices and distribution centers, including buying and merchandising systems and information systems to support growth. We expect to add approximately 49 stores to TJX International in fiscal 2018, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 6%. The increase in same store sales for fiscal 2017 was primarily due to an increase in customer traffic. Segment profit margin for fiscal 2017 was favorably impacted by an increase in merchandise margin and expense leverage, primarily occupancy costs, on strong same store sales growth. The decline in merchandise margin was primarily due to transactional foreign exchange as the year-over-year changes in currency exchange rates increased TJX Canada's cost of merchandise purchased in U.S. dollars. We evaluate the performance of our segments based on "segment profit or loss," which we define as pre-tax income or loss before general corporate expense, loss on early extinguishment of debt, the pension settlement charge, and interest expense. Our e-commerce businesses operate at lower profit margins and incurred additional costs as we continue to transition this business to a more fully off-price model and adjust its merchandise mix. The increase in same store sales growth at Marmaxx for fiscal 2017 was primarily due to an increase in customer traffic and an increase in units sold, which was largely offset by a decrease in the average ticket. Our net sales for TJX Canada increased 11% in fiscal 2017 compared to a decrease of 1% in fiscal 2016. The increase in sales for fiscal 2017 reflected same store sales growth of 8% and a 5% increase from new stores, offset by 2% from the negative impact of foreign currency translation. The increase in same store sales for fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2016 was primarily due to an increase in customer traffic. The fiscal 2016 segment margin was favorably impacted by strong buying and occupancy expense leverage on the strong same store sales increase, which was more than offset by the impact of several of our investment initiatives and a decrease in merchandise margin. Our general corporate expense represents those costs not specifically related to the operations of our business segments, driven by continued investments in corporate systems and technology along with increases in compensation, benefits, and professional services. We plan to fund these expenditures through internally generated funds. The improvement in the fiscal 2017 expense ratio was driven by an increase in our profit margin on merchandise sold along with leverage on buying and occupancy costs as a result of the same store sales increase. The increase in net sales for TJX International reflected a 12% increase from new store sales and a 2% increase from same store sales, offset by the unfavorable impact from currency translation. We expect to open approximately 65 Marmaxx stores in fiscal 2018, which would increase selling square footage by approximately 2%.