The objectives of our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are to provide users of our consolidated financial statements with a narrative explanation from the perspective of management of our financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. Our ability to acquire and retain branded customers is important to our business in the generation of revenues and we believe our un-carrier strategy, along with ongoing network improvements, has been successful in attracting and retaining customers as evidenced by continued branded customer growth and improved branded postpaid phone and branded prepaid customer churn. The increase in service revenues was primarily due to growth in our average branded customer base as a result of strong customer response to our un-carrier initiatives and the success of our MetroPCS brand and continued growth in new markets. Operating income increased primarily due to higher total revenues as well as increased gains on disposals of spectrum licenses, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization from an increase in the number of devices leased under our jump! on demand program. Our adjusted EBITDA increased primarily from higher service revenues and gains on disposal of spectrum licenses, partially offset by increases in selling, general and administrative expenses to support customer growth. The increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to an increase in net non-cash income and expenses included in net income primarily due to changes in depreciation and amortization, deferred income tax expense and gains on disposal of spectrum licenses. The increase in free cash flow was primarily from higher net cash provided by operating activities as discussed above. Our liquidity requirements have been driven primarily by capital expenditures for spectrum licenses and the construction, expansion and upgrading of our network infrastructure. We expect cash capital expenditures for property and equipment to be in the range of $4.8 billion to $5.1 billion in 2017, excluding capitalized interest. Our significant accounting policies are fundamental to understanding our financial condition and results as they require the use of estimates and assumptions which affect the financial statements and accompanying notes. We maintain an allowance for estimated losses inherent in the accounts receivable and EIP receivable portfolios. We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be in effect when these differences are realized. The valuation approaches utilized to estimate fair value for the purposes of the impairment tests of goodwill and spectrum licenses require the use of assumptions and estimates, which involve a degree of uncertainty. We believe short-term fluctuations in share price may not necessarily reflect the underlying aggregate fair value. Our IT capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities.