In 2017, we will continue using and expanding the deployment of total safety culture and courage to care throughout our operations, which allows us to identify and implement best practices for employee and operational safety. We will continue to align resources with customer demand, maintain an efficient network, and ensure surge capability with our assets. Our capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, which includes significant investments in technology improvements, including approximately $300 million for positive train control (PTC). We expect our plan will enhance the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to replace and improve our existing track infrastructure to provide safe and fluid operations, increase network efficiency by adding or improving facilities and track, and make investments that meet customer demand and take advantage of opportunities for long-term growth. Our operating ratio increased 0.4 points to 63.5% in 2016 compared to 2015, as core price improvements, network efficiencies, and productivity gains were more than offset by the impact of lower volume, inflation, and other costs. We believe free cash flow is important to management and investors in evaluating our financial performance and measures our ability to generate cash without additional external financings. Our 2016 return on invested capital as adjusted (ROIC) decreased 1.6 points compared to 2015, primarily as a result of lower earnings and a higher invested capital base. We expect continued margin improvement driven by continued pricing opportunities, ongoing productivity initiatives, and the ability to leverage our resources and strengthen our franchise. We will continue to invest in our network and terminals where appropriate, balancing terminal capacity with mainline capacity. We expect volume to grow in the low single digit range in 2017 compared to 2016, but it will depend on the overall economy and market conditions. The railroad industry is currently in mediation with all bargaining coalitions, and existing agreements remain in effect until new agreements are reached or the Railway Labor Act's procedures are exhausted. Our capital investments are intended to enhance operational efficiency and support business strategies. We are subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations, and we have identified sites at which we may be liable for remediation costs associated with alleged contamination. Our environmental liability activity reflects ongoing monitoring costs, and we continually assess our estimated service lives of assets to ensure our depreciation rates are appropriate. Our ability to access liquidity through the capital markets is dependent on our financial stability, and we expect to continue to have access to liquidity through various sources or activities. We recognize tax benefits that are more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by tax authorities, and we evaluate our critical assumptions for pension obligations and expenses annually. We are committed to using technology to improve operations and reduce the impact of our operations on the environment, including investments in new technologies and training programs to reduce fuel consumption.