This management's discussion and analysis provides a review of the results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity of Visa Inc. and its subsidiaries. Visa is a global payments technology company that connects consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities to fast, secure, and reliable electronic payments. Our advanced transaction processing network facilitates authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and enables us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. The acquisition of Visa Europe positions us to create additional value through increased scale, efficiencies realized by the integration of both businesses, and benefits related to Visa Europe's transition from an association to a for-profit enterprise. Our operating revenues are primarily generated from payments volume on Visa products for purchased goods and services, as well as the number of transactions processed on our network. Data processing revenues are earned for authorization, clearing, settlement, network access, and other maintenance and support services that facilitate transaction and information processing among our clients globally. The increase in operating revenues primarily reflects continued growth in processed transactions and nominal payments volume, as well as the fiscal fourth quarter operating revenues of Visa Europe. The growth in fiscal 2016 service revenues was slower than the growth in payments volume reflecting the inclusion of Visa Europe revenue for the fiscal fourth quarter and the resulting impact on our service revenue yield. Our financial results for fiscal 2016 include the impact of several significant one-time items, including acquisition-related costs and a loss resulting from the effective settlement of the framework agreement between us and Visa Europe. We expect to continue investing in technology assets and payments system infrastructure to support our digital solutions and core business initiatives. The increase in personnel expenses was primarily due to a severance charge related to personnel reductions including planned reductions at Visa Europe, combined with an increase from the inclusion of Visa Europe fiscal fourth quarter expenses. The increase in general and administrative expenses was mainly due to costs incurred related to our acquisition of Visa Europe and the inclusion of Visa Europe expenses beginning in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2016. Our investment portfolio is designed to invest excess cash in securities that enable us to meet our working capital and liquidity needs. We believe that cash flow generated from operations, in conjunction with access to our other sources of liquidity, will be more than sufficient to meet our ongoing operational needs. We maintain a commercial paper program to support our working capital requirements and for other general corporate purposes. In conjunction with the Visa Europe acquisition, we have evolved our long-term capital structure, issuing fixed-rate senior notes to fund a portion of the purchase price for the acquisition of Visa Europe and for general corporate purposes. The effective income tax rate was impacted by one-time items related to the Visa Europe acquisition, which affected the geographic mix of our global income. The assessment of fair value of our financial instruments is based on a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. We have policies that limit the amount of credit exposure to any one financial institution or type of investment, and we will continue to review our portfolio in light of evolving market and economic conditions.