item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial review abbott's revenues are derived primarily from the sale of a broad line of health care products under short-term receivable arrangements. patent protection and licenses, technological and performance features, and inclusion of abbott's products under a contract most impact which products are sold; price controls, competition and rebates most impact the net selling prices of products; and foreign currency translation impacts the measurement of net sales and costs. abbott's primary products are nutritional products, diagnostic testing products, branded generic pharmaceuticals and cardiovascular and neuromodulation products. sales in international markets comprise approximately 65 percent of consolidated net sales.
on october 3, 2017, abbott acquired alere inc. (alere), a diagnostic device and service provider, for $51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately $4.5 billion. as part of the acquisition, abbott tendered for alere's preferred shares for a total value of approximately $0.7 billion. in addition, approximately $3.0 billion of alere's debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. the acquisition establishes abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands abbott's global diagnostics presence and provides access to new products, channels and geographies. abbott's diagnostic products reportable segment includes the results of alere from the date of acquisition.
on january 4, 2017, abbott completed the acquisition of st. jude medical, inc. (st. jude medical), a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in abbott common shares, based on abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. as part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of st. jude medical's debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by abbott. the acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. the combined business competes in nearly every area of the $30 billion cardiovascular device market, as well as in neuromodulation which treats chronic pain and movement disorders. abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation reportable segment includes the results of its historical vascular products segment and the results of the businesses acquired from st. jude medical from the date of acquisition.
in february 2017, abbott completed the sale of abbott medical optics (amo), its vision care business, to johnson & johnson for $4.325 billion in cash. the decision to sell amo reflected abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. in 2017, abbott recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion and an after-tax gain of $728 million related to the sale of amo. the operating results of amo were included in earnings from continuing operations up to the date of sale as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations.
on february 27, 2015, abbott completed the sale of its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business, which was previously included in the established pharmaceutical products segment, to mylan inc. for 110 million ordinary shares of mylan n.v., a newly formed entity that combined mylan's existing business with abbott's developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business. abbott retained the branded generics pharmaceuticals business and products of its established pharmaceutical products segment in emerging markets. in april 2015, abbott sold 40.25 million of its mylan n.v. ordinary shares and in 2017, abbott sold the remaining 69.75 million ordinary shares. proceeds from the sale of the 110 million ordinary shares totaled $5.0 billion.
the sales increase over the last three years was driven primarily by the 2017 acquisitions of st. jude medical and alere and sales growth in the established pharmaceuticals and diagnostics businesses. in 2017, the acquisitions of st. jude medical and alere, partially offset by the sale of amo, contributed 26.5 percentage points of abbott's total sales growth. sales in emerging markets, which represent
approximately 40 percent of total company sales, increased 13.9 percent in 2017 and 6.3 percent in 2016, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. (emerging markets include all countries except the united states, western europe, japan, canada, australia and new zealand.)
over the last three years, abbott's operating margin was impacted by several factors. in 2017, abbott's operating margin decreased by approximately 900 basis points primarily due to costs associated with the acquisitions, including higher intangible amortization expense, inventory step-up amortization and integration costs, partially offset by operating margin improvement across various businesses. in 2016 and 2015, abbott expanded its operating margin by approximately 120 basis points per year primarily due to margin improvement in the nutritional and diagnostics businesses.
in abbott's worldwide nutritional products business, sales over the last three years were positively impacted by demographics such as an aging population and an increasing rate of chronic disease in developed markets and the rise of a middle class in many emerging markets, as well as by numerous new product introductions that leveraged abbott's strong brands. these positive factors were offset by challenging conditions in various markets over the last three years. in 2017, the nutritionals business experienced growth in the u.s. due to above-market performance in abbott's infant and toddler brands, including pediasure®, pedialyte® and similac®. increased 2017 sales in china and india were partially offset by challenging market conditions in the infant formula market in various emerging markets. with respect to the profitability of the nutritional products business, manufacturing and distribution process changes, as well as other cost reductions drove margin improvements across the business over the last three years although such improvements were offset by increased commodity costs in 2017. the decrease in operating margins for this business from 25.0 percent of sales in 2015 to 22.9 percent in 2017 was almost entirely due to the negative impact of foreign exchange.
in abbott's worldwide diagnostics business, sales growth over the last three years reflected the acquisition of alere in october of 2017, as well as continued market penetration by the core laboratory business in the u.s. and china, and growth in other emerging markets. in addition, the point of care diagnostics business experienced sales growth led by the continued adoption of abbott's i-stat® handheld system. worldwide diagnostic sales increased 16.7 percent in 2017 and 5.5 percent in 2016, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. excluding the impact of the alere acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the diagnostics products segment increased 5.5 percent in 2017. in 2017, abbott continued the international roll-out of its recently launched alinity systems for the core laboratory, including "alinity c" for clinical chemistry, "alinity i" for immunoassay diagnostics and "alinity s" for blood and plasma screening. in the fourth quarter of 2017, abbott received fda approval in the u.s. for the "alinity c" and "alinity i" instruments for clinical chemistry and immunoassay diagnostics. alinity is an integrated family of next-generation diagnostic systems and solutions which are designed to increase efficiency by running more tests in less space, generating test results faster and minimizing human errors while continuing to provide quality results.
margin improvement continued to be a key focus for the diagnostics business in 2017 although such improvements were partially offset by the negative impact of foreign exchange. operating margins increased from 25.2 percent of sales in 2015 to 26.1 percent in 2017 as the business continued to execute on efficiency initiatives in the manufacturing and supply chain functions.
the established pharmaceutical products segment focuses on the sale of its products in emerging markets after the sale of its developed markets business to mylan on february 27, 2015. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, established pharmaceutical sales from continuing operations increased 9.5 percent in 2017 and 10.5 percent in 2016. the sales increase in 2017 was driven by double-digit growth in china and various countries in latin america. operating margins increased from 17.7 percent of sales in 2015 to 19.8 percent in 2017.
since the beginning of the first quarter of 2017, the results of abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation products segment includes abbott's historical vascular products segment and
st. jude medical from the date of acquisition. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the cardiovascular and neuromodulation products segment increased 207.4 percent in 2017 and 4.5 percent in 2016. the sales increase in 2017 was driven by the acquisition of st. jude medical. excluding the impact of the acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the cardiovascular and neuromodulation products segment were essentially unchanged in 2017 versus the prior year. in 2017, higher structural heart and endovascular sales were offset by lower coronary stent sales and the comparison impact from the favorable 2016 resolution of a third-party royalty agreement. in 2016, sales growth was driven by double-digit growth in abbott's sales of its mitraclip structural heart device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation, as well as endovascular franchise sales growth. these increases were partially offset by pricing pressures primarily related to drug-eluting stents (des) and lower market share for abbott's xience des franchise in certain geographies. in 2017, operating earnings for this segment increased over 160 percent; the operating margin profile declined from 38.0 percent of sales in 2015 to 30.5 percent in 2017 primarily due to the mix of business resulting from the acquisition of st. jude medical and ongoing pricing pressures in the coronary business.
in 2017, abbott obtained regulatory approval for various products in addition to the approvals described above in the diagnostics business. in its cardiovascular and neuromodulation products segment, abbott received u.s. fda approvals for magnetic resonance (mr) conditional labeling across its full suite of pacemaker, implantable cardioverter defibrillator (icd), and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillator (crt-d) devices. abbott announced ce mark and received u.s. fda clearance for its confirm rx insertable cardiac monitor (icm), the first and only smartphone-compatible icm designed to help physicians remotely identify cardiac arrhythmias. abbott received u.s. fda approval for its heartmate 3 system, which helps a weak heart pump blood through the body for advanced heart failure patients in need of short-term hemodynamic support (bridge-to-transplant or bridge to myocardial recovery). abbott obtained ce mark for its xience sierra product, which is the next generation of its drug-eluting coronary stent system. in its diabetes business, abbott received u.s. fda approval for its freestyle libre system, which is the only continuous glucose monitoring system that does not require any user calibration.
abbott's short- and long-term debt totaled $27.9 billion and $22.0 billion at december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. at december 31, 2017, abbott's long-term debt rating was bbb by standard and poor's corporation and baa3 by moody's investors service (moody's). in february 2018, moody's raised abbott's rating to baa2 with a positive outlook. abbott is committed to reducing its debt levels following the recent acquisitions of st. jude medical and alere. in january 2018, abbott repaid $3.95 billion of debt and anticipates additional debt repayments throughout 2018. on february 16, 2018, the board of directors authorized the additional redemption of up to $5 billion of currently outstanding long-term notes.
in the first quarter of 2017, as part of the acquisition of st. jude medical, abbott assumed outstanding debt previously issued by st. jude medical. abbott exchanged certain st. jude medical debt obligations with an aggregate principal amount of approximately $2.9 billion for debt issued by abbott which consists of: $473.8 million of 2.00% senior notes due 2018; $483.7 million of 2.80% senior notes due 2020; $818.4 million of 3.25% senior notes due 2023; $490.7 million of 3.875% senior notes due 2025; and $639.1 million of 4.75% senior notes due 2043. following this exchange, approximately $194.2 million of existing st. jude medical notes remain outstanding across the five series of existing notes which have the same coupons and maturities as those listed above. there were no significant costs associated with the exchange of debt. in addition, during the first quarter of 2017, abbott assumed and subsequently repaid approximately $2.8 billion of various st. jude medical debt obligations.
on january 4, 2017, as part of funding the cash portion of the st. jude medical acquisition, abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under a 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility. this facility was repaid during the first quarter of 2017. in 2017, abbott also issued 364-day yen-denominated debt, of which $195 million was outstanding at december 31, 2017. abbott also paid off a $479 million yen-denominated short-term borrowing during the year.
on july 31, 2017, abbott entered into a 5-year term loan agreement that allowed abbott to borrow up to $2.8 billion on an unsecured basis for the acquisition of alere. on october 3, 2017, abbott borrowed $2.8 billion under this term loan agreement to finance the acquisition of alere, to repay certain indebtedness of abbott and alere, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition. borrowings under the term loan bore interest based on a eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on abbott's credit ratings. abbott paid off this term loan on january 5, 2018.
on october 3, 2017, abbott borrowed $1.7 billion under its lines of credit. proceeds from such borrowing were used to finance the acquisition of alere, to repay certain indebtedness of abbott and alere, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition. the $1.7 billion borrowing was payable on july 10, 2019 and bore interest based on a eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on abbott's credit ratings. in the fourth quarter of 2017, abbott paid off $550 million on the revolving loan. abbott paid off the remaining balance on this revolving loan on january 5, 2018.
in anticipation of the acquisition of st. jude medical, in november 2016, abbott issued $15.1 billion of long-term debt consisting of $2.85 billion at 2.35% maturing in 2019; $2.85 billion at 2.90% maturing in 2021; $1.50 billion at 3.40% maturing in 2023; $3.00 billion at 3.75% maturing in 2026; $1.65 billion at 4.75% maturing in 2036; and $3.25 billion at 4.90% maturing in 2046. in november 2016, abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $3.0 billion related to the new debt, which have the effect of changing abbott's obligation from a fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation on the related debt instruments.
abbott declared dividends of $1.075 per share in 2017 compared to $1.045 per share in 2016, an increase of approximately 3%. dividends paid were $1.849 billion in 2017 compared to $1.539 billion in 2016. the year-over-year change in dividends reflects the impact of the increase in the dividend rate and the additional shares issued to finance the st. jude medical acquisition. in december 2017, abbott increased the company's quarterly dividend by approximately 6% to $0.280 per share from $0.265 per share, effective with the dividend paid in february 2018.
in 2018, abbott will focus on integrating alere and paying down debt, as well as several other key initiatives. the focus of the integration will be to create an organization that expands abbott's diagnostics business into new products, channels and geographies. in the cardiovascular and neuromodulation business, abbott will continue to build its product portfolio and focus on obtaining product approvals across numerous countries.
in the nutritional business, abbott will continue to build its product portfolio with the introduction of new science-based products, expand in high-growth emerging markets and implement additional margin improvement initiatives. in the established pharmaceuticals business, abbott will continue to focus on obtaining additional product approvals across numerous countries and increasing its penetration of emerging markets. in abbott's other segments, abbott will focus on developing differentiated technologies in higher growth markets.
critical accounting policies sales rebates —  in 2017, approximately 43 percent of abbott's consolidated gross revenues were subject to various forms of rebates and allowances that abbott recorded as reductions of revenues at the time of sale. most of these rebates and allowances in 2017 are in the nutritional products and diabetes care segments. abbott provides rebates to state agencies that administer the special supplemental nutrition program for women, infants, and children (wic), wholesalers, group purchasing organizations, and other government agencies and private entities. rebate amounts are usually based upon the volume of purchases using contractual or statutory prices for a product. factors used in the rebate calculations include the identification of which products have been sold subject to a rebate, which customer or government agency price terms apply, and the estimated lag time between sale and payment of a rebate. using historical trends, adjusted for current changes, abbott estimates the amount of the rebate that will
be paid, and records the liability as a reduction of gross sales when abbott records its sale of the product. settlement of the rebate generally occurs from one to six months after sale. abbott regularly analyzes the historical rebate trends and makes adjustments to reserves for changes in trends and terms of rebate programs. rebates and chargebacks charged against gross sales in 2017, 2016 and 2015 amounted to approximately $2.8 billion, $2.5 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively, or 20.5 percent, 22.9 percent and 21.6 percent of gross sales, respectively, based on gross sales of approximately $13.9 billion, $10.7 billion and $10.3 billion, respectively, subject to rebate. a one-percentage point increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales would decrease net sales by approximately $139 million in 2017. abbott considers a one-percentage point increase to be a reasonably likely increase in the percentage of rebates to related gross sales. other allowances charged against gross sales were approximately $199 million, $160 million and $124 million for cash discounts in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively, and $204 million, $242 million and $238 million for returns in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. cash discounts are known within 15 to 30 days of sale, and therefore can be reliably estimated. returns can be reliably estimated because abbott's historical returns are low, and because sales returns terms and other sales terms have remained relatively unchanged for several periods.
management analyzes the adequacy of ending rebate accrual balances each quarter. in the domestic nutritional business, management uses both internal and external data available to estimate the level of inventory in the distribution channel. management has access to several large customers' inventory management data, and for other customers, utilizes data from a third party that measures time on the retail shelf. these sources allow management to make reliable estimates of inventory in the distribution channel. except for a transition period before or after a change in the supplier for the wic business in a state, inventory in the distribution channel does not vary substantially. management also estimates the states' processing lag time based on claims data. in the wic business, the state where the sale is made, which is the determining factor for the applicable price, is reliably determinable. estimates are required for the amount of wic sales within each state where abbott has the wic business. external data sources utilized for that estimate are participant data from the u.s. department of agriculture (usda), which administers the wic program, participant data from some of the states, and internally administered market research. the usda has been making its data available for many years. internal data includes historical redemption rates and pricing data. at december 31, 2017, abbott had wic business in 29 states.
historically, adjustments to prior years' rebate accruals have not been material to net income. abbott employs various techniques to verify the accuracy of claims submitted to it, and where possible, works with the organizations submitting claims to gain insight into changes that might affect the rebate amounts. for government agency programs, the calculation of a rebate involves interpretations of relevant regulations, which are subject to challenge or change in interpretation.
income taxes —  abbott operates in numerous countries where its income tax returns are subject to audits and adjustments. because abbott operates globally, the nature of the audit items is often very complex, and the objectives of the government auditors can result in a tax on the same income in more than one country. abbott employs internal and external tax professionals to minimize audit adjustment amounts where possible. in accordance with the accounting rules relating to the measurement of tax contingencies, in order to recognize an uncertain tax benefit, the taxpayer must be more likely than not of sustaining the position, and the measurement of the benefit is calculated as the largest amount that is more than 50 percent likely to be realized upon resolution of the benefit. application of these rules requires a significant amount of judgment. in the u.s., abbott's federal income tax returns through 2013 are settled except for the federal income tax returns of the former alere consolidated group which are settled through 2012. no additional income taxes have been provided for any remaining undistributed foreign earnings not subject to the transition tax related to the u.s. tax cuts and jobs act, or any additional outside basis differences that exist, as these amounts continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations.
pension and post-employment benefits —  abbott offers pension benefits and post-employment health care to many of its employees. abbott engages outside actuaries to assist in the determination of the
obligations and costs under these programs. abbott must develop long-term assumptions, the most significant of which are the health care cost trend rates, discount rates and the expected return on plan assets. the discount rates used to measure liabilities were determined based on high-quality fixed income securities that match the duration of the expected retiree benefits. the health care cost trend rates represent abbott's expected annual rates of change in the cost of health care benefits and are a forward projection of health care costs as of the measurement date. a difference between the assumed rates and the actual rates, which will not be known for years, can be significant in relation to the obligations and the annual cost recorded for these programs. low interest rates have significantly increased actuarial losses for these plans. at december 31, 2017, pretax net actuarial losses and prior service costs and (credits) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for abbott's defined benefit plans and medical and dental plans were losses of $3.5 billion and $248 million, respectively. actuarial losses and gains are amortized over the remaining service attribution periods of the employees under the corridor method, in accordance with the rules for accounting for post-employment benefits. differences between the expected long-term return on plan assets and the actual annual return are amortized over a five-year period. note 13 to the consolidated financial statements describes the impact of a one-percentage point change in the health care cost trend rate; however, there can be no certainty that a change would be limited to only one percentage point.
valuation of intangible assets —  abbott has acquired and continues to acquire significant intangible assets that abbott records at fair value at the acquisition date. transactions involving the purchase or sale of intangible assets occur with some frequency between companies in the health care field and valuations are usually based on a discounted cash flow analysis. the discounted cash flow model requires assumptions about the timing and amount of future net cash flows, risk, cost of capital, terminal values and market participants. each of these factors can significantly affect the value of the intangible asset. abbott engages independent valuation experts who review abbott's critical assumptions and calculations for acquisitions of significant intangibles. abbott reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment each quarter using an undiscounted net cash flows approach. if the undiscounted cash flows of an intangible asset are less than the carrying value of an intangible asset, the intangible asset is written down to its fair value, which is usually the discounted cash flow amount. where cash flows cannot be identified for an individual asset, the review is applied at the lowest group level for which cash flows are identifiable. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which relate to in-process research and development acquired in a business combination, are reviewed for impairment annually or when an event that could result in impairment occurs. at december 31, 2017, goodwill amounted to $24.0 billion and intangibles amounted to $21.5 billion. amortization expense in continuing operations for intangible assets amounted to $2.0 billion in 2017, $550 million in 2016 and $601 million in 2015. there was no significant reduction of goodwill relating to impairments in 2017, 2016 and 2015.
litigation —  abbott accounts for litigation losses in accordance with fasb accounting standards codification no. 450, "contingencies." under asc no. 450, loss contingency provisions are recorded for probable losses at management's best estimate of a loss, or when a best estimate cannot be made, a minimum loss contingency amount is recorded. these estimates are often initially developed substantially earlier than the ultimate loss is known, and the estimates are refined each accounting period as additional information becomes known. accordingly, abbott is often initially unable to develop a best estimate of loss, and therefore the minimum amount, which could be zero, is recorded. as information becomes known, either the minimum loss amount is increased, resulting in additional loss provisions, or a best estimate can be made, also resulting in additional loss provisions. occasionally, a best estimate amount is changed to a lower amount when events result in an expectation of a more favorable outcome than previously expected. abbott estimates the range of possible loss to be from approximately $115 million to $160 million for its legal proceedings and environmental exposures. accruals of approximately $135 million have been recorded at december 31, 2017 for these proceedings and exposures. these accruals represent management's best estimate of probable loss, as defined by fasb asc no. 450, "contingencies."
results of operations sales the following table details the components of sales growth by reportable segment for the last two years:
the increase in total net sales in 2017 reflects the acquisitions of st. jude medical and alere, as well as organic growth in the established pharmaceuticals and diagnostics businesses. the increase in 2016 reflects unit growth, partially offset by the impact of unfavorable foreign exchange. the price declines related to the cardiovascular and neuromodulation products segment in 2017 and 2016 primarily reflect pricing pressure on drug eluting stents (des) as a result of market competition in the u.s. and other major markets.
a comparison of significant product and product group sales is as follows. percent changes are versus the prior year and are based on unrounded numbers.
key emerging markets                        $3,307        14   %        2   %        12   %
point of care                                  550         7          —               7
rhythm management                            2,103       n/m          n/m           n/m electrophysiology                            1,382       n/m          n/m           n/m heart failure                                  643       n/m          n/m           n/m vascular                                     2,892        14          —              14
neuromodulation                                808       n/m          n/m           n/m n/m = percent change is not meaningful.
key emerging markets                        $2,912         5   %   (8   )%        13   %
point of care                                  513         8       —               8
rhythm management                                —         —       —               —
in order to compute results excluding the impact of exchange rates, current year u.s. dollar sales are multiplied or divided, as appropriate, by the current year average foreign exchange rates and then those amounts are multiplied or divided, as appropriate, by the prior year average foreign exchange rates.
total established pharmaceutical products sales increased 9.5 percent in 2017 and 10.5 percent in 2016, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. the established pharmaceutical products segment is focused on several key emerging markets including india, russia, china and brazil. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, total sales in these key emerging markets increased 11.9 percent in 2017 and 13.3 percent in 2016. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, 2017 sales in several geographies including china and various countries in latin america experienced double-digit growth. excluding the impact of foreign exchange, sales in established pharmaceuticals' other emerging markets increased 2.2 percent in 2017 and increased 2.0 percent in 2016. the 2017 sales growth for established pharmaceuticals' other emerging markets includes the unfavorable impact of venezuelan operations. excluding venezuela and the effect of foreign exchange, sales in other emerging markets increased 7.5 percent.
total nutritional products sales increased 0.6 percent in 2017 and 1.2 percent in 2016, excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. in abbott's international pediatric nutritional business, the 2017 decrease in sales was driven by challenging market conditions in the infant formula market in various emerging markets, partially offset by growth in china and india. the 2017 growth in china reflects a partial recovery from the 2016 sales decline in china. the 2016 decrease in sales was driven by challenging market conditions in china, including the impact of new food safety regulations, which contributed to an oversupply of product in the market. the 2016 sales decrease in china was partially offset by strong performance in several markets across latin america and southeast asia.
the increases in u.s. pediatric nutritional 2017 and 2016 sales primarily reflect continued above-market performance in abbott's infant and toddler brands, including pediasure®, pedialyte® and similac®.
excluding the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange, the 2017 and 2016 increases in international adult nutritional sales are due primarily to growth in ensure®, abbott's market-leading complete and balanced nutrition brand, as well as volume growth in emerging markets and continued expansion of the adult nutrition category internationally. u.s. adult nutritional revenues decreased in 2017 due to competitive and market dynamics, while sales increased in 2016 driven by the growth of ensure® sales.
total diagnostic products sales increased 16.7 percent in 2017 and 5.5 percent in 2016, excluding the impact of foreign exchange. the sales increase in 2017 included the acquisition of alere, which was completed on october 3, 2017. excluding the impact of the acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the diagnostics products segment increased 5.5 percent primarily driven by share gains in the core laboratory markets globally, as well as strong performance in point of care led by the continued adoption of abbott's i-stat® handheld system. the 2016 sales increase was primarily driven by share gains in the core laboratory and point of care markets in the u.s. and internationally.
excluding the effect of foreign exchange, total cardiovascular and neuromodulation products sales grew 207.4 percent in 2017 and 4.5 percent in 2016. the sales increase in 2017 was primarily driven by the acquisition of st. jude medical which was completed on january 4, 2017. excluding the impact of the acquisition, as well as the impact of foreign exchange, sales in the vascular business were essentially flat in 2017 versus the prior year as lower coronary stent sales and the comparison impact from the favorable 2016 resolution of a third-party royalty agreement were offset by higher structural heart and endovascular sales. in 2016, double-digit growth in sales of abbott's mitraclip structural heart device for the treatment of mitral regurgitation was partially offset by lower sales of des products. the increase in the endovascular business was driven by higher  supera and vessel closure sales. cardiovascular and neuromodulation products sales in 2016 were also favorably impacted by the resolution of previously disputed third party royalty revenue related to the prior year. excluding this royalty impact, worldwide sales of cardiovascular and neuromodulation products would have increased 3.4 percent in 2016.
abbott has periodically sold product rights to non-strategic products and has recorded the related gains in net sales in accordance with abbott's revenue recognition policies as discussed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. related net sales were not significant in 2017, 2016 and 2015.
the expiration of licenses and patent protection can affect the future revenues and operating income of abbott. there are no significant patent or license expirations in the next three years that are expected to materially affect abbott.
in april 2017, abbott received a warning letter from the u.s. food and drug administration (fda) related to its manufacturing facility in sylmar, ca which was acquired by abbott on january 4, 2017 as part of the acquisition of st. jude medical. this facility manufactures implantable cardioverter defibrillators, cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators, and monitors. the warning letter relates to the fda's observations from an inspection of this facility. abbott has prepared a comprehensive plan of corrective actions which has been provided to the fda. execution of the plan is progressing.
operating earnings gross profit margins were 47.7 percent of net sales in 2017, 54.1 percent in 2016 and 54.2 percent in 2015. in 2017, the decrease primarily reflects higher intangible amortization expense and inventory step-up amortization related to the st. jude medical and alere acquisitions, partially offset by margin improvements in various businesses. in 2016, the unfavorable effect of foreign exchange offset continued underlying margin expansion, primarily in the diagnostics and nutritional segments.
research and development expense was $2.235 billion in 2017, $1.422 billion in 2016, and $1.405 billion in 2015 and represented a 57.2 percent increase in 2017, and a 1.2 percent increase in 2016. the 2017 increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to the acquisition of the st. jude medical business. the 2016 increase in research and development expenses was primarily due to higher spending on various projects and the impairment of an in-process research and development asset related to a non-reportable segment, partially offset by lower restructuring costs in 2016. in 2017, research and development expenditures totaled $526 million for the diagnostics products segment, $967 million for the cardiovascular and neuromodulation products segment, $195 million for the nutritional products segment, and $164 million for the established pharmaceutical products segment.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 36.6 percent in 2017 and decreased 1.7 percent in 2016 versus the respective prior year. the 2017 increase was primarily due to the acquisition of the st. jude medical business, as well as the incremental expenses to integrate st. jude medical with abbott's existing vascular business, partially offset by the impact of cost improvement initiatives across various functions and businesses. the 2016 decrease reflects the favorable impact of foreign exchange, continued efforts to reduce back office costs, and lower restructuring charges compared to the prior year.
business acquisitions on january 4, 2017, abbott completed the acquisition of st. jude medical, a global medical device manufacturer, for approximately $23.6 billion, including approximately $13.6 billion in cash and approximately $10 billion in abbott common shares, which represented approximately 254 million shares of abbott common stock, based on abbott's closing stock price on the acquisition date. as part of the acquisition, approximately $5.9 billion of st. jude medical's debt was assumed, repaid or refinanced by abbott. the acquisition provides expanded opportunities for future growth and is an important part of the company's ongoing effort to develop a strong, diverse portfolio of devices, diagnostics, nutritionals and branded generic pharmaceuticals. the combined business competes in nearly every area of the cardiovascular device market, as well as in the neuromodulation market.
under the terms of the agreement, for each st. jude medical common share, st. jude medical shareholders received $46.75 in cash and 0.8708 of an abbott common share. at an abbott stock price of $39.36, which reflects the closing price on january 4, 2017, this represented a value of approximately $81 per st. jude medical common share and total purchase consideration of $23.6 billion. the cash portion of the acquisition was funded through a combination of medium and long-term debt issued in november 2016 and a $2.0 billion 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility which was subsequently repaid.
the final allocation of the fair value of the st. jude medical acquisition is shown in the table below.
total final allocation of fair value                $23.6
the goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. the goodwill is identifiable to the cardiovascular and neuromodulation products reportable segment. the acquired tangible assets consist primarily of trade accounts receivable of approximately $1.1 billion, inventory of approximately $1.7 billion, other current assets of $176 million, property and equipment of approximately $1.5 billion, and other long-term assets of approximately $455 million. the acquired tangible liabilities consist of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $1.1 billion and other non-current liabilities of approximately $870 million.
in 2016, abbott and st. jude medical agreed to sell certain businesses to terumo corporation (terumo) for approximately $1.12 billion. the sale included the st. jude medical angio-seal™ and femoseal™ vascular closure and abbott's vado® steerable sheath businesses. the sale closed on january 20, 2017 and no gain or loss was recorded in the consolidated statement of earnings.
on october 3, 2017, abbott acquired alere inc. (alere), a diagnostic device and service provider, for $51.00 per common share in cash, which equated to a purchase price of approximately $4.5 billion. as part of the acquisition, abbott tendered for alere's preferred shares for a total value of approximately $0.7 billion. in addition, approximately $3.0 billion of alere's debt was assumed and subsequently repaid. the acquisition establishes abbott as a leader in point of care testing, expands abbott's global diagnostics presence and provides access to new products, channels and geographies. abbott utilized a combination of cash on hand and debt to fund the acquisition. see note 10 — debt and lines of credit for further details regarding the debt utilized for the acquisition.
the preliminary allocation of the fair value of the alere acquisition is shown in the table below. the allocation of the fair value of the acquisition will be finalized when the valuation is completed and differences between the preliminary and final allocation could be material.
total preliminary allocation of fair value          $4.5
the goodwill is primarily attributable to expected synergies from combining operations, as well as intangible assets that do not qualify for separate recognition. the goodwill is identifiable to the diagnostic products reportable segment. the acquired tangible assets consist primarily of trade accounts receivable of approximately $430 million, inventory of approximately $425 million, other current assets of $206 million, property and equipment of approximately $540 million, and other long-term assets of $112 million. the
acquired tangible liabilities consist of trade accounts payable and other current liabilities of approximately $625 million and other non-current liabilities of approximately $160 million.
in the third quarter of 2017, alere entered into agreements to sell its triage meterpro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its b-type natriuretic peptide assay business run on beckman coulter analyzers to quidel corporation (quidel). the transactions with quidel reflect a total purchase price of $400 million payable at the close of the transaction, $240 million payable in six annual installments beginning approximately six months after the close of the transaction, and contingent consideration with a maximum value of $40 million. in the third quarter of 2017, alere entered into an agreement with siemens diagnostics holding ii b.v. (siemens) to sell its subsidiary, epocal inc., for approximately $200 million payable at the close of the transaction. alere agreed to divest these businesses in connection with the review by the federal trade commission and the european commission of abbott's agreement to acquire alere. the sale to quidel closed on october 6, 2017, and the sale to siemens closed on october 31, 2017. no gain or loss on these sales was recorded in the consolidated statement of earnings.
in 2017, consolidated abbott results include $6.5 billion of sales and a pre-tax loss of approximately $1.3 billion related to the st. jude medical and alere acquisitions, including approximately $1.5 billion of intangible amortization and $907 million of inventory step-up amortization. the pre-tax loss excludes acquisition, integration and restructuring-related costs.
if the acquisitions of st. jude medical and alere had occurred at the beginning of 2016, unaudited pro forma consolidated net sales would have been approximately $28.9 billion and the unaudited pro forma consolidated net loss from continuing operations would have been approximately $485 million in 2016. this includes amortization of approximately $940 million of inventory step-up and $1.7 billion of intangibles related to st. jude medical and alere. for 2017, unaudited pro forma consolidated net sales would have been approximately $28.9 billion and unaudited pro forma consolidated net earnings from continuing operations would have been approximately $750 million, which includes $225 million of intangible amortization related to alere. the unaudited pro forma consolidated net earnings from continuing operations for 2017 exclude inventory step-up amortization related to st. jude medical and alere of approximately $907 million which was recorded in 2017 but included in the 2016 unaudited pro forma results as noted above. the unaudited pro forma information is not necessarily indicative of the consolidated results of operations that would have been realized had the st. jude medical and alere acquisitions been completed as of the beginning of 2016, nor is it meant to be indicative of future results of operations that the combined entity will experience.
on july 17, 2017, abbott commenced a tender offer to purchase for cash the 1.77 million outstanding shares of alere's series b convertible perpetual preferred stock at a price of $402 per share, plus accrued but unpaid dividends to, but not including, the settlement date of the tender offer. this tender offer was subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, including abbott's acquisition of alere and upon there being validly tendered (and not properly withdrawn) at the expiration date of the tender offer that number of shares of preferred stock that equaled at least a majority of the preferred stock issued and outstanding at the expiration of the tender offer. the tender offer expired on october 3, 2017. all conditions to the offer were satisfied and abbott accepted for payment the 1.748 million shares of preferred stock that were validly tendered (and not properly withdrawn). the remaining shares were cashed out for an amount equal to the $400.00 per share liquidation preference of such shares, plus accrued but unpaid dividends, without interest. payment for all of the shares of preferred stock was made in the fourth quarter of 2017.
in august 2015, abbott completed the acquisition of the equity of tendyne holdings, inc. (tendyne) that abbott did not already own for approximately $225 million in cash plus additional payments up to $150 million to be made upon completion of certain regulatory milestones. the acquisition of tendyne, which is focused on developing minimally invasive mitral valve replacement therapies, allows abbott to broaden its foundation in the treatment of mitral valve disease. the final allocation of the fair value of the
acquisition resulted in non-deductible acquired in-process research and development of approximately $220 million, which is accounted for as an indefinite-lived intangible asset until regulatory approval or discontinuation, non-deductible goodwill of approximately $142 million, deferred tax assets and other net assets of approximately $18 million, deferred tax liabilities of approximately $85 million, and contingent consideration of approximately $70 million. the goodwill is identifiable to the cardiovascular and neuromodulation products segment. if the acquisition of tendyne had taken place as of the beginning of the comparable prior annual reporting period, consolidated net sales and earnings would not have been significantly different from reported amounts.
restructurings in 2017, abbott management approved restructuring plans as part of the integration of the acquisitions of st. jude medical into the cardiovascular and neuromodulation segment and alere into the diagnostics segment, in order to leverage economies of scale and reduce costs. in 2017, charges of approximately $187 million, including one-time employee termination benefits were recorded, of which approximately $5 million is recorded in cost of products sold and approximately $182 million in selling, general and administrative expense.
from 2014 to 2017, abbott management approved plans to streamline operations in order to reduce costs and improve efficiencies in various abbott businesses including the nutritional, established pharmaceuticals and vascular businesses. abbott recorded employee-related severance and other charges of approximately $120 million in 2017, $33 million in 2016 and $95 million in 2015. approximately $7 million in 2017, $9 million in 2016 and $18 million in 2015 are recorded in cost of products sold, approximately $77 million in 2017, $5 million in 2016 and $34 million in 2015 are recorded in research and development and approximately $36 million in 2017, $19 million in 2016 and $43 million in 2015 are recorded in selling, general and administrative expense. additional charges of approximately $2 million in 2017, $2 million in 2016 and $45 million in 2015 were recorded primarily for accelerated depreciation.
in 2017, interest expense increased primarily due to the $15.1 billion of debt issued in november of 2016 related to the financing of the st. jude medical acquisition which closed on january 4, 2017. in 2016, interest expense increased primarily due to the amortization of bridge financing fees related to the financing of the st. jude medical and alere acquisitions. interest expense in 2016 also increased due to the $15.1 billion of debt issued in november 2016. in 2015, interest expense increased due to the issuance of $2.5 billion of long-term debt during the year.
other (income) expense, net other (income) expense, net, for 2017 includes a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion on the sale of amo to johnson & johnson. 2016 includes $947 million of expense to adjust abbott's holding of mylan n.v. ordinary shares due to a decline in the fair value of the securities which was considered by abbott to be other than temporary. 2015 includes a $207 million pretax gain on the sale of a portion of the mylan n.v. ordinary shares received through the sale of the developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business and income resulting from a decrease in the fair value of contingent consideration related to a business acquisition.
transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred and creates new taxes on certain foreign sourced earnings.
in the fourth quarter of 2017, abbott recorded an estimate of net tax expense of $1.46 billion for the impact of the tcja, which is included in taxes on earnings from continuing operations in the consolidated statement of earnings. the estimate is provisional and includes a charge of approximately $2.89 billion for the transition tax, partially offset by a net benefit of approximately $1.42 billion for the remeasurement of deferred tax assets and liabilities and a net benefit of approximately $10 million related to certain other impacts of the tcja.
the one-time transition tax is based on abbott's total post-1986 earnings and profits (e&p) that were previously deferred from u.s. income taxes. abbott has not yet completed its calculation of the total post-1986 e&p for its foreign subsidiaries. the tax computation also requires the determination of the amount of post-1986 e&p considered held in cash and other specified assets. this amount may change as abbott finalizes the calculation of post-1986 foreign e&p previously deferred from u.s. federal taxation and finalizes the amounts held in cash and other specified assets. abbott plans to elect to pay the transition tax over eight years as allowed by the tcja.
given the significant complexity of the tcja, abbott will continue to evaluate and analyze the impact of this legislation. the $1.46 billion estimate is provisional and is based on abbott's initial analysis of the tcja and may be materially adjusted in future periods due to among other things, additional analysis performed by abbott and additional guidance that may be issued by the u.s. department of treasury, the securities and exchange commission or the financial accounting standards board.
in 2017, taxes on earnings from continuing operations also include $435 million of tax expense related to the gain on the sale of the amo business.
in 2016, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include the impact of a net tax benefit of approximately $225 million, primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions from prior years, partially offset by the unfavorable impact of non-deductible foreign exchange losses related to venezuela and the adjustment of the mylan n.v. equity investment, as well as the recognition of deferred taxes associated with the then pending sale of amo. in 2015, taxes on earnings from continuing operations include $71 million of tax expense related to gain on the disposal of shares of mylan n.v. stock. the 2015 effective tax rate includes the impact of the r&d tax credit that was made permanent in the u.s. by the protecting americans from tax hikes act of 2015.
exclusive of these discrete items, tax expense was favorably impacted by lower tax rates and tax exemptions on foreign income primarily derived from operations in puerto rico, switzerland, ireland, the netherlands, costa rica, and singapore. abbott benefits from a combination of favorable statutory tax rules, tax rulings, grants, and exemptions in these tax jurisdictions. see note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for a full reconciliation of the effective tax rate to the u.s. federal statutory rate.
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax, in 2017 and 2016 reflect the recognition of $109 million and $325 million, respectively, of net tax benefits primarily as a result of the resolution of various tax positions related to prior years. 2015 tax expense related to discontinued operations includes $667 million of tax expense on certain current-year income earned outside of the u.s. that were not designated as permanently reinvested overseas.
discontinued operations on february 27, 2015, abbott completed the sale of its developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals business to mylan inc. (mylan) for equity ownership of a newly formed entity (mylan n.v.) that combined mylan's existing business and abbott's developed markets pharmaceuticals business. mylan n.v. is publicly traded. historically, this business was included in abbott's established pharmaceutical products segment. at the date of the closing, the 110 million mylan n.v. ordinary shares
that abbott received were valued at $5.77 billion and abbott recorded an after-tax gain on the sale of the business of approximately $1.6 billion. abbott retained its branded generics pharmaceuticals business in emerging markets. at the close of this transaction, abbott and mylan entered into a transition services agreement pursuant to which abbott and mylan provided various back office support services to each other on an interim transitional basis for up to 2 years. certain services were extended for an additional five to ten months. charges by abbott under this transition services agreement were recorded as a reduction of the costs to provide the respective service in the applicable expense category in the consolidated statement of earnings. this transitional support does not constitute significant continuing involvement in mylan's operations. abbott also entered into manufacturing supply agreements with mylan related to certain products, with the supply term ranging from 3 to 10 years and requiring a 2 year notice prior to termination. the cash flows associated with these transition services and manufacturing supply agreements are not expected to be significant, and therefore, these cash flows are not direct cash flows of the disposed component under accounting standards codification 205.
on february 10, 2015, abbott completed the sale of its animal health business to zoetis inc. in the first quarter of 2016, abbott received an additional $25 million of proceeds due to the expiration of a holdback agreement associated with the sale of this business and reported an after-tax gain of $16 million.
as a result of the disposition of the above businesses, the prior years' operating results of these businesses up to the date of sale are reported as part of discontinued operations on the earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes line in the consolidated statement of earnings. discontinued operations include an allocation of interest expense assuming a uniform ratio of consolidated debt to equity for all of abbott's historical operations.
on january 1, 2013, abbott completed the separation of abbvie inc. (abbvie), which was formed to hold abbott's research-based proprietary pharmaceuticals business. abbott has retained all liabilities for all u.s. federal and foreign income taxes on income prior to the separation, as well as certain non-income taxes attributable to abbvie's business. abbvie generally will be liable for all other taxes attributable to its business. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, discontinued operations include a favorable adjustment to tax expense of $109 million, $318 million and $3 million, respectively, as a result of the resolution of various tax positions pertaining to abbvie's operations.
the operating results of abbott's developed markets branded generics pharmaceuticals and animal health businesses, as well as the income tax benefit related to the businesses transferred to abbvie, which are being reported as discontinued operations are as follows:
net sales developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health       $—            $—            $256
businesses abbvie                                                                  —             —             —
earnings (loss) before tax developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health       $15           $(4       )   $13
businesses abbvie                                                                  —             —             —
net earnings developed markets generics pharmaceuticals and animal health       $15           $3            $62
businesses abbvie                                                             109           318           3
assets and liabilities held for disposition in september 2016, abbott announced that it entered into a definitive agreement to sell abbott medical optics (amo), its vision care business, to johnson & johnson for $4.325 billion in cash, subject to customary purchase price adjustments for cash, debt and working capital. the decision to sell amo reflected abbott's proactive shaping of its portfolio in line with its strategic priorities. in february 2017, abbott completed the sale of amo to johnson & johnson and recognized a pre-tax gain of $1.163 billion including working capital adjustments, which was reported in the other (income) expense, net line of the consolidated statement of earnings in 2017. abbott recorded an after-tax gain of $728 million in 2017 related to the sale of amo. the operating results of amo up to the date of sale continued to be included in earnings from continuing operations as the business did not qualify for reporting as discontinued operations. for 2017, 2016 and 2015, the amo earnings (losses) before taxes included in abbott's consolidated earnings were $(18) million, $30 million and $64 million, respectively. assets and liabilities of amo were classified as held for disposition in abbott's consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2016.
as discussed in the business acquisitions section, in conjunction with the acquisition of alere, abbott sold the triage meterpro cardiovascular and toxicology business and the assets and liabilities related to its b-type natriuretic peptide assay business run on beckman coulter analyzers to quidel. the legal transfer of certain assets and liabilities related to these businesses did not occur at the close of the sale to quidel due to, among other factors, the time required to transfer marketing authorizations and other regulatory requirements in various countries. under the terms of the sale agreement with abbott, quidel is subject to the risks and entitled to the benefits generated by these operations and assets. the assets and liabilities presented as held for disposition in the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2017, primarily relate to the businesses sold to quidel.
the following is a summary of the assets and liabilities held for disposition as of december 31, 2017 and 2016:
intangible assets, net of amortization                                                   18            529
research and development programs abbott currently has numerous pharmaceutical, medical devices, diagnostic and nutritional products in development.
research and development process in the established pharmaceuticals segment, the development process focuses on the geographic expansion and continuous improvement of the segment's existing products to provide benefits to patients and customers. as established pharmaceuticals does not actively pursue primary research, development usually begins with work on existing products or after the acquisition of an advanced stage licensing opportunity.
depending upon the product, the phases of development may include:
• drug product development.
• phase i bioequivalence studies to compare a future established pharmaceutical's brand with an already marketed compound with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient (api).
• phase ii studies to test the efficacy of benefits in a small group of patients.
• phase iv and other post-marketing studies to obtain new clinical use data on existing products within approved indications.
the specific requirements (e.g., scope of clinical trials) for obtaining regulatory approval vary across different countries and geographic regions. the process may range from one year for a bioequivalence study project to 6 or more years for complex formulations, new indications, or geographic expansion in specific countries, such as china.
in the diagnostics segment, the phases of the research and development process include:
• discovery which focuses on identification of a product that will address a specific therapeutic area, platform, or unmet clinical need.
• concept/feasibility during which the materials and manufacturing processes are evaluated, testing may include product characterization and analysis is performed to confirm clinical utility.
• development during which extensive testing is performed to demonstrate that the product meets specified design requirements and that the design specifications conform to user needs and intended uses.
the regulatory requirements for diagnostic products vary across different countries and geographic regions. in the u.s., the fda classifies diagnostic products into classes (i, ii, or iii) and the classification determines the regulatory process for approval. while the diagnostics segment has products in all three classes, the vast majority of its products are categorized as class i or class ii. submission of a separate regulatory filing is not required for class i products. class ii devices typically require pre-market notification to the fda through a regulatory filing known as a 510(k) submission. most class iii products are subject to the fda's pre-marketing approval (pma) requirements. other class iii products, such as those used to screen blood, require the submission and approval of a biological license application (bla).
in the cardiovascular and neuromodulation segment, the research and development process begins with research on a specific technology that is evaluated for feasibility and commercial viability. if the research program passes that hurdle, it moves forward into development. the development process includes evaluation, selection and qualification of a product design, completion of applicable clinical trials to test the product's safety and efficacy, and validation of the manufacturing process to demonstrate its repeatability and ability to consistently meet pre-determined specifications.
similar to the diagnostic products discussed above, in the u.s., cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as class i, ii, or iii. most of abbott's cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are classified as class ii devices that follow the 510(k) regulatory process or class iii devices that are subject to the pma process.
in the eu, cardiovascular and neuromodulation products are also categorized into different classes and the regulatory process, which is governed by the european medical device directive and the active implantable medical device directive, varies by class. each product must bear a ce mark to show compliance with the directive. some products require submission of a design dossier to the appropriate regulatory authority for review and approval prior to ce marking of the device. for other products, the company is required to prepare a technical file which includes testing results and clinical evaluations but can self-certify its ability to apply the ce mark to the product. outside the u.s. and the eu, the regulatory requirements vary across different countries and regions.
after approval and commercial launch of some cardiovascular and neuromodulation products, post-market trials may be conducted either due to a conditional requirement of the regulatory market approval or with the objective of proving product superiority.
in the second quarter of 2017, the eu adopted the new medical devices regulation (mdr) and the in vitro diagnostic regulation (ivdr) which replace the existing directives in the eu for medical devices and in vitro diagnostic products. the mdr and ivdr will apply after a three-year and five-year transition
period, respectively, and will impose additional regulatory requirements on manufacturers of such products.
in the nutritional segment, the research and development process generally focuses on identifying and developing ingredients and products that address the nutritional needs of particular populations (e.g., infants and adults) or patients (e.g., people with diabetes). depending upon the country and/or region, if claims regarding a product's efficacy will be made, clinical studies typically must be conducted.
in the u.s., the fda requires that it be notified of proposed new formulations and formulation or packaging changes related to infant formula products. prior to the launch of an infant formula or product packaging change, the company is required to obtain the fda's confirmation that it has no objections to the proposed product or packaging. for other nutritional products, notification or pre-approval from the fda is not required unless the product includes a new food additive. in some countries, regulatory approval may be required for certain nutritional products, including infant formula and medical nutritional products.
areas of focus in 2018 and beyond, abbott's significant areas of therapeutic focus will include the following:
established pharmaceuticals — abbott focuses on building country-specific portfolios made up of high-quality medicines that meet the needs of people in emerging markets. more than 400 development projects are active for one or several emerging markets. over the next several years, abbott plans to expand its product portfolio in key therapeutic areas with the aim of being among the first to launch new off-patent and differentiated medicines. in addition, abbott continues to expand existing brands into new markets, implement product enhancements that provide value to patients and acquire strategic products and technology through licensing activities. abbott is also actively working on the further development of several key brands such as creon, duphaston, duphalac and influvac. depending on the product, the activities focus on development of new data, markets, formulations, delivery systems, or indications.
cardiovascular and neuromodulation — abbott's research and development programs focus on:
• cardiac rhythm management — development of next-generation rhythm management technologies, including enhanced patient engagement and expanded magnetic resonance (mr)-compatibility.
• heart failure — continued enhancements to abbott's left ventricular assist systems and pulmonary artery heart failure system, including enhanced connectivity, user-interfaces and remote patient monitoring.
• electrophysiology — development of next-generation technologies in the areas of ablation, diagnostic, mapping and visualization and recording and monitoring.
• vascular — development of next-generation technologies for use in coronary and peripheral vascular procedures.
• structural heart — development of minimally-invasive devices for the repair and replacement of heart valves and other structural heart conditions.
• neuromodulation — development of next-generation technologies with unique wave forms, enhanced patient and physician engagement and expanded mr-compatibility to treat chronic pain, movement disorders and other indications.
diabetes care — develop enhancements and additional indications for the freestyle libre continuous glucose monitoring system to help patients improve their ability to manage diabetes.
core laboratory diagnostics — abbott continues to commercialize its next-generation blood screening, immunoassay, clinical chemistry and hematology systems, along with assays in various areas including infectious disease, cardiac care, metabolics, oncology, as well as informatics and automation solutions to increase efficiency in laboratories.
molecular diagnostics — several new molecular in vitro diagnostic (ivd) products and a next generation instrument system are in various stages of development and launch.
rapid diagnostics — abbott's research and development programs focus on the development of diagnostic products for cardiometabolic disease, infectious disease and toxicology.
nutritionals — abbott is focusing its research and development spend on platforms that span the pediatric, adult and performance nutrition areas: gastro intestinal/immunity health, brain health, mobility and metabolism, and user experience platforms. numerous new products that build on advances in these platforms are currently under development, including clinical outcome testing, and are expected to be launched over the coming years.
given the diversity of abbott's business, its intention to remain a broad-based healthcare company and the numerous sources for potential future growth, no individual project is expected to be material to cash flows or results of operations over the next five years. factors considered included research and development expenses projected to be incurred for the project over the next year relative to abbott's total research and development expenses, as well as qualitative factors, such as marketplace perceptions and impact of a new product on abbott's overall market position. there were no delays in abbott's 2017 research and development activities that are expected to have a material impact on operations.
while the aggregate cost to complete the numerous projects currently in development is expected to be material, the total cost to complete will depend upon abbott's ability to successfully complete each project, the rate at which each project advances, and the ultimate timing for completion. given the potential for significant delays and the risk of failure inherent in the development of pharmaceutical, medical device and diagnostic products and technologies, it is not possible to accurately estimate the total cost to complete all projects currently in development. abbott plans to manage its portfolio of projects to achieve research and development spending that will be competitive in each of the businesses in which it participates, and such spending is expected to approximate 7.5 percent of total abbott sales in 2018. abbott does not regularly accumulate or make management decisions based on the total expenses incurred for a particular development phase in a given period.
goodwill at december 31, 2017, goodwill recorded as a result of business combinations totaled $24.0 billion. goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually in the third quarter or when an event that could result in an impairment occurs, using a quantitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of any reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. the income and market approaches are used to calculate the fair value of each reporting unit. the results of the last impairment test indicated that the fair value of each reporting unit was substantially in excess of its carrying value.
financial condition cash flow net cash from operating activities amounted to $5.6 billion, $3.2 billion and $3.0 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in net cash from operating activities in 2017 was primarily due to the favorable impact of improved working capital management, the acquisition of the st. jude medical businesses, and higher segment operating earnings. the increase in net cash from operating activities in 2016 reflects additional focus on the management of working capital. the income tax component of operating cash flow in 2017 includes the 2017 non-cash impact of $1.46 billion of net tax expense related to
the estimated impact of u.s. tax reform. the income tax component of operating cash flow in 2016 and 2015 includes $550 million and $70 million, respectively, of non-cash tax benefits primarily related to the favorable resolution of various tax positions pertaining to prior years; 2015 reflects the non-cash impact of approximately $1.1 billion of tax expense associated with the gain on sale of businesses.
the foreign currency loss related to venezuela reduced abbott's cash by approximately $410 million in 2016 and is included in the effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents line within the consolidated statement of cash flows. future fluctuations in the strength of the u.s. dollar against foreign currencies are not expected to materially impact abbott's liquidity.
while a significant portion of abbott's cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2017, are reinvested in foreign subsidiaries, abbott does not expect such reinvestment to affect its liquidity and capital resources. due to the enactment of the tcja, if these funds were needed for operations in the u.s., abbott does not expect to incur significant additional income taxes in the future to repatriate these funds.
abbott funded $645 million in 2017, $582 million in 2016 and $579 million in 2015 to defined benefit pension plans. abbott expects pension funding of approximately $114 million in 2018 for its pension plans. abbott expects annual cash flow from operating activities to continue to exceed abbott's capital expenditures and cash dividends.
debt and capital at december 31, 2017, abbott's long-term debt rating was bbb by standard & poor's corporation and baa3 by moody's investors service (moody's). in february 2018, moody's raised abbott's rating to baa2 with a positive outlook. abbott expects to maintain an investment grade rating. abbott is committed to reducing its debt levels following the recent acquisitions of st. jude medical and alere. on february 16, 2018, the board of directors authorized the redemption of up to $5 billion of currently outstanding long-term notes in addition to the $3.95 billion repaid in january 2018 discussed below.
abbott has readily available financial resources, including lines of credit of $5.0 billion which expire in 2019. these lines of credit are part of a 2014 revolving credit agreement that provides abbott with the ability to borrow up to $5 billion on an unsecured basis. prior to october 3, 2017, no amounts were previously drawn under the revolving credit agreement. on october 3, 2017, in connection with the alere acquisition, abbott borrowed $1.7 billion under these lines of credit. these borrowings were due to be repaid in july 2019 and bore interest based on a eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on abbott's credit ratings. in the fourth quarter of 2017, abbott paid off $550 million of these borrowings. on january 5, 2018, abbott paid off the remaining balance under these lines of credit ahead of the 2019 due date.
on july 31, 2017, abbott entered into a 5-year term loan agreement that allowed abbott to borrow up to $2.8 billion on an unsecured basis for the acquisition of alere. on october 3, 2017, abbott borrowed $2.8 billion under this term loan agreement to finance the acquisition of alere, to repay certain indebtedness of abbott and alere, and to pay fees and expenses in connection with the acquisition. borrowings under the term loan bore interest based on a eurodollar rate, plus an applicable margin based on abbott's credit ratings. abbott paid off this term loan on january 5, 2018, ahead of its 2022 due date.
in the fourth quarter of 2017, in conjunction with the acquisition of alere, abbott assumed and subsequently repaid $3.0 billion of alere's debt. in 2017, abbott also paid off a $479 million yen-denominated short-term borrowing during the year and issued 364-day yen-denominated debt, of which $195 million was outstanding at december 31, 2017.
in the first quarter of 2017, as part of the acquisition of st. jude medical, abbott assumed outstanding debt previously issued by st. jude medical. abbott exchanged certain st. jude medical debt obligations with an aggregate principal amount of approximately $2.9 billion for debt issued by abbott which consists of: $473.8 million of 2.00% senior notes due 2018; $483.7 million of 2.80% senior notes due 2020;
$818.4 million of 3.25% senior notes due 2023; $490.7 million of 3.875% senior notes due 2025; and $639.1 million of 4.75% senior notes due 2043. following this exchange, approximately $194.2 million of existing st. jude medical notes remain outstanding across the five series of existing notes which have the same coupons and maturities as those listed above. there were no significant costs associated with the exchange of debt. in addition, during the first quarter of 2017, abbott assumed and subsequently repaid approximately $2.8 billion of various st. jude medical debt obligations.
in november 2016, abbott issued $15.1 billion of medium and long-term debt to primarily fund the cash portion of the acquisition of st. jude medical. abbott issued $2.85 billion of 2.35% senior notes due november 22, 2019; $2.85 billion of 2.90% senior notes due november 30, 2021; $1.50 billion of 3.40% senior notes due november 30, 2023; $3.00 billion of 3.75% senior notes due november 30, 2026; $1.65 billion of 4.75% senior notes due november 30, 2036; and $3.25 billion of 4.90% senior notes due november 30, 2046. in november 2016, abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $3.0 billion related to the new debt; the swaps have the effect of changing abbott's obligation from a fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation on the related debt instruments.
in april 2016, abbott obtained a commitment for a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility for an amount not to exceed $17.2 billion, comprised of $15.2 billion for a 364-day bridge loan and $2.0 billion for a 120-day bridge loan to provide financing for the acquisition of st. jude medical. the $15.2 billion component of the commitment terminated in november 2016 when abbott issued the $15.1 billion of long-term debt. in december 2016, abbott formalized the $2.0 billion component and entered into a 120-day bridge term loan facility that provided abbott the ability to borrow up to $2.0 billion on an unsecured basis to partially fund the st. jude medical acquisition. on january 4, 2017, as part of funding the cash portion of the st. jude medical acquisition, abbott borrowed $2.0 billion under the 120-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility. this facility was repaid during the first quarter of 2017.
in february 2016, abbott obtained a commitment for a 364-day senior unsecured bridge term loan facility for an amount not to exceed $9 billion in conjunction with its pending acquisition of alere. this commitment, which was automatically extended for up to 90 days on january 29, 2017, expired on april 30, 2017 and was not renewed since abbott did not need this bridge facility to finance the alere acquisition. the fees associated with the bridge facilities were recognized in interest expense.
in march 2015, abbott issued $2.5 billion of long-term debt consisting of $750 million of 2.00% senior notes due march 15, 2020; $750 million of 2.55% senior notes due march 15, 2022; and $1.0 billion of 2.95% senior notes due march 15, 2025. proceeds from this debt were used to pay down short-term borrowings. in march 2015, abbott also entered into interest rate swap contracts totaling $2.5 billion. these contracts have the effect of changing abbott's obligation from a fixed interest rate to a variable interest rate obligation.
in september 2014, the board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of abbott's common shares from time to time. the 2014 authorization was in addition to the $512 million unused portion of a previous program announced in june 2013. in 2016, abbott repurchased 10.4 million shares at a cost of $408 million under the program authorized in 2014. in 2015, abbott repurchased 11.3 million shares at a cost of $512 million under the unused portion of the 2013 authorization and 36.2 million shares at a cost of $1.7 billion under the program authorized in 2014 for a total of 47.5 million shares at a cost of $2.2 billion.
on april 27, 2016, the board of directors authorized the issuance and sale for general corporate purposes of up to 75 million common shares that would result in proceeds of up to $3 billion. no shares have been issued under this authorization.
abbott declared dividends of $1.075 per share in 2017 compared to $1.045 per share in 2016, an increase of approximately 3%. dividends paid were $1.849 billion in 2017 compared to $1.539 billion in 2016. the year-over-year change in dividends reflects the impact of the increase in the dividend rate and the additional shares issued to finance the st. jude medical acquisition.
working capital working capital was $11.2 billion at december 31, 2017 and $20.1 billion at december 31, 2016. the decrease in working capital in 2017 was due to a $9.2 billion decrease in cash and cash equivalents. approximately $13.6 billion of the $18.6 billion in cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2016 was used to fund the cash portion of the acquisition of st. jude medical on january 4, 2017.
abbott monitors the credit worthiness of customers and establishes an allowance against a trade receivable when it is probable that the balance will not be collected. in addition to closely monitoring economic conditions and budgetary and other fiscal developments, abbott regularly communicates with its customers regarding the status of receivable balances, including their payment plans and obtains positive confirmation of the validity of the receivables. abbott also monitors the potential for and periodically has utilized factoring arrangements to mitigate credit risk although the receivables included in such arrangements have historically not been a material amount of total outstanding receivables.
venezuela operations since january 2010, venezuela has been designated as a highly inflationary economy under u.s. gaap. in 2014 and 2015, the government of venezuela operated multiple mechanisms to exchange bolivars into u.s. dollars. these mechanisms included the cencoex, sicad, and simadi rates, which stood at 6.3, 13.5, and approximately 200, respectively, at december 31, 2015. in 2015, abbott continued to use the cencoex rate of 6.3 venezuelan bolivars to the u.s. dollar to report the results, financial position, and cash flows related to its operations in venezuela since abbott continued to qualify for this exchange rate to pay for the import of various products into venezuela.
on february 17, 2016, the venezuelan government announced that the three-tier exchange rate system would be reduced to two rates renamed the dipro and dicom rates. the dipro rate is the official rate for food and medicine imports and was adjusted from 6.3 to 10 bolivars per u.s. dollar. the dicom rate is a floating market rate published daily by the venezuelan central bank, which at the end of the first quarter of 2016 was approximately 263 bolivars per u.s. dollar. as a result of decreasing government approvals to convert bolivars to u.s. dollars to pay for intercompany accounts, as well as the accelerating deterioration of economic conditions in the country, abbott concluded that it was appropriate to move to the dicom rate at the end of the first quarter of 2016. as a result, abbott recorded a foreign currency exchange loss of $480 million in 2016 to revalue its net monetary assets in venezuela. abbott is continuing to use the dicom rate to report the results of operations and to remeasure net monetary assets for venezuela at the end of each quarter. as of december 31, 2017, abbott's investment in its venezuelan operations was not significant. as a result, any additional future foreign currency losses related to venezuela would not be material.
capital expenditures capital expenditures of $1.1 billion in 2017, 2016 and 2015 were principally for upgrading and expanding manufacturing and research and development facilities and equipment in various segments, investments in information technology, and laboratory instruments placed with customers.
contractual obligations the table below summarizes abbott's estimated contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017.
operating lease obligations                                  1,141        223               317               196               405
capitalized auto lease obligations                     37                 12                25                      —                 —
amounts reported represent contractual obligations as of december 31, 2017. on january 5, 2018, abbott repaid long term debt of $1.15 billion due july 10, 2019 and $2.80 billion due november 3, 2022, which reduces future interest obligations on this debt by approximately $475 million over the term of the debt.
purchase commitments are for purchases made in the normal course of business to meet operational and capital expenditure requirements.
other long-term liabilities include the estimated payments for the transition tax under the tcja, net of applicable credits.
net unrecognized tax benefits totaling approximately $835 million are excluded from the table above as abbott is unable to reasonably estimate the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities on such items. see note 14 — taxes on earnings from continuing operations for further details. the company has employee benefit obligations consisting of pensions and other post-employment benefits, including medical and life, which have been excluded from the table. a discussion of the company's pension and post-retirement plans, including funding matters is included in note 13 — post-employment benefits.
contingent obligations abbott has periodically entered into agreements with other companies in the ordinary course of business, such as assignment of product rights, which has resulted in abbott becoming secondarily liable for obligations that abbott was previously primarily liable. since abbott no longer maintains a business relationship with the other parties, abbott is unable to develop an estimate of the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these obligations. based upon past experience, the likelihood of payments under these agreements is remote. in addition, abbott periodically acquires a business or product rights in which abbott agrees to pay contingent consideration based on attaining certain thresholds or based on the occurrence of certain events.
legislative issues abbott's primary markets are highly competitive and subject to substantial government regulations throughout the world. abbott expects debate to continue over the availability, method of delivery, and payment for health care products and services. it is not possible to predict the extent to which abbott or the health care industry in general might be adversely affected by these factors in the future. a more complete discussion of these factors is contained in item 1, business, and item 1a, risk factors.
recently issued accounting standards in august 2017, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2017-12,  targeted improvements to accounting for hedging activities, which makes changes to the designation and measurement guidance for qualifying hedging relationships and the presentation of hedge results. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2019 and early adoption is permitted. abbott is currently evaluating the effect that asu 2017-12 will have on its consolidated financial statements.
in march 2017, the fasb issued asu 2017-07, compensation — retirement benefits (topic 715): improving the presentation of net periodic pension cost and net periodic postretirement benefit cost which changes the financial statement presentation requirements for pension and other postretirement benefit expense. while service cost will continue to be reported in the same financial statement line items as other current employee compensation costs, the asu requires all other components of pension and other postretirement benefit expense to be presented separately from service cost, and outside any subtotal of income from operations. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2018. when the change in the presentation of the components of pension cost is applied retrospectively to abbott's 2017 operating results, approximately $160 million of net pension-related income will be moved from the operating lines of the consolidated statement of earnings to non-operating income.
in october 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-16, income taxes (topic 740): intra-entity transfers of assets other than inventory, which requires the recognition of the income tax effects of intercompany sales and transfers of assets, other than inventory, in the period in which the transfer occurs. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2018. abbott does not expect the adoption of the new standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases, which requires lessees to recognize assets and liabilities for most leases on the balance sheet. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2019 and early adoption is permitted. adoption requires application of the new guidance for all periods presented. abbott is currently evaluating the impact the new guidance will have on its consolidated financial statements.
in january 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-01, financial instruments — recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities, which provides new guidance for the recognition, measurement, presentation, and disclosure of financial assets and liabilities. the standard becomes effective for abbott beginning in the first quarter of 2018. abbott does not expect the adoption of the new standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, which provides a single comprehensive model for accounting for revenue from contracts with customers and will supersede most existing revenue recognition guidance. the standard becomes effective for abbott in the first quarter of 2018. abbott's revenues are primarily comprised of product sales. abbott completed a thorough evaluation of the new standard including a detailed review of abbott's revenue streams and contracts. abbott does not expect the adoption of the new standard to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. abbott will use the modified retrospective method to adopt this standard.
private securities litigation reform act of 1995 — a caution concerning forward-looking statements under the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, abbott cautions investors that any forward-looking statements or projections made by abbott, including those made in this document, are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors that may affect abbott's operations are discussed in item 1a, risk factors.