item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with "selected financial data" and our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto which appear elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption "risk factors" or in other parts of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview broadcom limited, or broadcom, is the successor to avago technologies limited, or avago, as a result of its acquisition of broadcom corporation, or brcm. we are a leading designer, developer and global supplier of a broad range of semiconductor devices with a focus on complex digital and mixed signal complementary metal oxide semiconductor based devices and analog iii-v based products. we have a history of innovation and offer thousands of products that are used in end products such as enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, mobile handsets and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays. we have four reportable segments: wired infrastructure, wireless communications, enterprise storage, and industrial & other, which align with our principal target markets.
broadcom cayman l.p., or the partnership, is an exempted limited partnership formed under the laws of the cayman islands. pursuant to the amended and restated exempted limited partnership agreement, or the partnership agreement, it authorized its common partnership units and restricted exchangeable limited partnership units, or partnership reus. the partnership reus are deemed to be registered under section 12(b) of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or the exchange act, and the partnership is subject to the informational requirements of the exchange act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. broadcom, its general partner, has the exclusive right, power and authority to manage, control, administer and operate the business and affairs and to make decisions regarding the undertaking and business of the partnership in accordance with the partnership agreement, and applicable laws. there is no board of directors of the partnership.
original equipment manufacturers, or oems, or their contract manufacturers, and distributors typically account for the substantial majority of our sales. we have established strong relationships with leading oem customers across multiple target markets and we have a direct sales force focused on supporting large oems. we also distribute a substantial portion of our products through our broad distribution network, and a significant amount of these sales are to large global electronic components distributors, including avnet, inc.
the demand for our products has been affected in the past, and is likely to continue to be affected in the future, by various factors, including the following:
•   general economic and market conditions in the semiconductor industry and in our target markets;
•   our ability to define specifications for, develop or acquire, complete, introduce and market, new products and technologies in a cost-effective and timely manner;
•   the timing, rescheduling or cancellation of expected customer orders;
•   the rate at which our present and future customers and end-users adopt our products and technologies in our target markets, and the rate at which our customers' products that include our technology are accepted in their markets; and
•   the qualification, availability and pricing of competing products and technologies and the resulting effects on sales and pricing of our products.
uncertainty in global economic conditions poses significant risks to our business. for example, customers may defer purchases in response to tighter credit and negative financial news, which would in turn adversely affect product demand and our results of operations.
•   our cash and cash equivalents were $11,204 million at october 29, 2017, compared with $3,097 million at october 30, 2016, which primarily included the net proceeds from the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes (defined below).
•   we generated $6,551 million of cash from operations during fiscal year 2017.
•   broadcom paid aggregate cash dividends on its ordinary shares of $1,653 million, and the partnership made aggregate distributions of $92 million on its partnership reus during fiscal year 2017.
•   on january 19, 2017, we completed the issuance and sale of senior unsecured notes, or the january 2017 senior notes, in an aggregate principal amount of $13,550 million. the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to repay all of the outstanding term loans under our guaranteed, collateralized credit agreement entered into on february 1, 2016, or the 2016 credit agreement, in the aggregate amount of $13,555 million. in addition, on october 17, 2017, we completed the issuance and sale of senior unsecured notes, or the october 2017 senior notes, in an aggregate principal amount of $4,000 million. the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to finance the acquisition of brocade communication systems, inc., or brocade, as discussed in detail below.
recent developments u.s. 2017 tax reform act on december 20, 2017, the tax cuts and jobs act, or the 2017 tax reform act, was approved by congress and is pending presidential approval. in general, the 2017 tax reform act reduces the u.s. corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective in 2018. the 2017 tax reform act moves from worldwide business taxation to a participation exemption regime. the 2017 tax reform act also imposes base-erosion prevention measures on non-u.s. earnings of u.s. entities, as well as a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax on accumulated non-u.s. earnings of u.s. entities. the base-erosion prevention measures will have the effect of subjecting non-u.s. earnings of u.s. entities to taxation in the united states at an effective rate that is expected to be substantially lower than 21%. the 2017 tax reform act will affect the tax position and cash taxes of our u.s. entities and will have a corresponding impact on our consolidated financial results starting in the first quarter of our fiscal year 2018.
acquisition of brocade communications systems, inc.
on november 17, 2017, pursuant to the agreement and plan of merger, by and among broadcom, brcm, brocade, and bobcat merger sub, inc., or merger sub, which brcm subsequently assigned to lsi corporation on december 18, 2016, merger sub merged with and into brocade with brocade as the surviving corporation, or the brocade merger. as a result, brocade stockholders who did not perfect their appraisal rights with respect to the brocade merger received, in aggregate, approximately $5.3 billion in cash in exchange for all shares of brocade common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the brocade merger. we also paid $701 million to retire brocade's term loan. in addition, we assumed certain vested (to the extent not in-the-money) and all unvested brocade stock options, restricted stock units, or rsus, and performance stock units, or psus, held by continuing employees and service providers. all vested in-the-money brocade stock options, after giving effect to any acceleration, and all other rsus and psus were cashed out upon the brocade merger. as a result of the brocade merger, brocade became an indirect subsidiary of the partnership.
we financed the brocade merger with the net proceeds from the october 2017 senior notes as discussed in further detail below under "indebtedness," as well as cash on hand.
divestiture of brocade's ip networking business following the brocade merger, on december 1, 2017, we sold brocade's ip networking business, including the ruckus wireless and icx switch businesses, to arris international plc for cash consideration of $800 million, plus unvested assumed employee stock awards.
proposed acquisition of qualcomm incorporated on november 6, 2017, we announced a proposal to acquire qualcomm incorporated, or qualcomm, for $70.00 per share, consisting of $60.00 in cash and $10.00 in broadcom ordinary shares. we stated that the proposal stands whether qualcomm's pending acquisition of nxp semiconductors n.v., or nxp, is consummated on the then-disclosed terms of $110.00 per nxp share or is terminated. including the assumption of net debt and giving effect to the pending nxp acquisition, the enterprise value of the proposed transaction is approximately $130 billion.
on november 13, 2017, qualcomm's board of directors rejected our proposal. in response, we announced that we remained fully committed to pursuing the acquisition of qualcomm and reiterated our proposal.
on december 4, 2017, we announced that we had provided notice to qualcomm of our intent to nominate 11 candidates for election to the qualcomm board of directors at qualcomm's 2018 annual meeting of stockholders.
on december 11, 2017, we filed preliminary proxy materials with the securities and exchange commission, or the sec, in connection with our planned solicitation of proxies to elect 11 independent, highly qualified nominees to the qualcomm
board of directors at qualcomm's 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, which qualcomm has announced will be held on march 6, 2018.
we also filed a premerger notification under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976 with the u.s. department of justice and the federal trade commission regarding our proposed acquisition of qualcomm.
redomiciliation to the united states from singapore on november 2, 2017, we announced our intention to initiate a process to change the ultimate parent company of the broadcom group from a singapore company to a u.s. corporation. the final form and timing of the redomiciliation has not yet been finalized and may be affected by the implementation of the 2017 tax reform act. in addition, the redomiciliation is subject to the approval of our shareholders. we presently expect that our overall cash tax costs will approximately double, as compared to our fiscal year 2017 results, due to the redomiciliation and taking in account our initial estimates of the expected effects of the 2017 tax reform act.
acquisitions and divestitures the discussion and analysis in this section and the accompanying consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of acquired companies commencing on their respective acquisition dates.
broadcom corporation on february 1, 2016, broadcom became the successor to avago and acquired brcm, or the broadcom merger, in which, avago shareholders exchanged their shares on a one-for-one basis for newly issued broadcom ordinary shares and brcm shareholders received, in aggregate, approximately $16.8 billion in cash, 112 million broadcom ordinary shares and 23 million partnership reus in exchange for all shares of brcm common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the broadcom merger. in addition, we also paid $137 million in cash for vested brcm equity awards. broadcom also assumed unvested rsus originally granted by brcm and converted them into 6 million broadcom rsus.
the aggregate consideration for the broadcom merger was approximately $35.7 billion. we funded the cash portion of the broadcom merger with net proceeds from the issuance of $15.6 billion in term loans under the 2016 credit agreement, that we entered into at the time of closing of the broadcom merger, as well as cash on hand of the combined companies. the financial results provided in this annual report on form 10-k include the results of operations of brcm commencing as of february 1, 2016, or the acquisition date.
during fiscal year 2016, we completed the sales of certain non-core brcm businesses for aggregate cash proceeds of $830 million and recognized an aggregate gain of $36 million from the sales.
emulex corporation in fiscal year 2015, we acquired emulex corporation, or emulex, a leader in network connectivity, monitoring and management, for a purchase price of $587 million.
net revenue substantially all of our net revenue is derived from sales of semiconductor devices that are incorporated into electronic products, as well as from modules, switches and subsystems. our four reportable segments are wired infrastructure, wireless communications, enterprise storage and industrial & other, which align with our target markets. applications for our products in these segments include enterprise and data center networking, home connectivity, set-top boxes, broadband access, telecommunication equipment, mobile handsets and base stations, data center servers and storage systems, factory automation, power generation and alternative energy systems, and electronic displays.
our overall net revenue, as well as the percentage of total net revenue generated by sales in each of our segments, has varied from quarter to quarter, due largely to fluctuations in end-market demand, including the effects of seasonality, which are discussed in detail below under "seasonality".
we use distributors for a significant portion of our business and recognize revenue upon delivery of product to the distributors, which can cause our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. such revenue is reduced for estimated returns and distributor allowances. we also sell products directly to oems and other end customers, many of which also purchase product from our distributors and who direct contract manufacturers to purchase product from us. historically, a relatively small number of customers has accounted for a significant portion of our net revenue. sales to distributors accounted for 28% and 30% of our net revenue for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. direct sales to foxconn technology group companies (including hon hai precision industries), together referred to as foxconn, accounted for 14% of our net
revenue for both fiscal years 2017 and 2016. we believe our aggregate sales to our top five end customers, through all channels, accounted for more than 40% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2017 and more than 30% for fiscal year 2016. we believe aggregate sales to apple, inc., through all channels, accounted for more than 20% of our net revenue for fiscal year 2017 and approximately 15% for fiscal year 2016. we expect to continue to experience significant customer concentration in future periods. the loss of, or significant decrease in demand from, any of our top five end customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
from time to time, some of our key customers place large orders or delay orders, causing our quarterly net revenue to fluctuate significantly. this is particularly true in our wireless communications segment as fluctuations may be magnified by the launches of, and seasonal variations in, sales of mobile handsets, as well as changes in the overall economic environment.
in recent years, approximately 50% of our net revenue has come from sales to distributors, oems or contract manufacturers located in china. however, the end customers for our products, or for the end products into which our products are incorporated, are frequently located in countries other than china. as a result, we believe that a substantially smaller percentage of our net revenue is ultimately dependent on sales of either our product, or our customers' product incorporating our product, to end customers located in china.
costs and expenses total cost of products sold.  cost of products sold consists primarily of the cost of semiconductor wafers and other materials, and the cost of assembly and testing of those products. cost of products sold also includes: personnel costs and overhead related to our manufacturing operations, including share-based compensation expense, and related occupancy, computer services and equipment costs; manufacturing quality, order fulfillment, warranty and inventory adjustments, including write-downs for inventory obsolescence; energy costs; other manufacturing expenses and acquisition-related costs. acquisition-related costs include direct transaction costs and integration-related costs. total cost of products sold also includes the purchase accounting effect on inventory, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and restructuring charges.
although we outsource a significant portion of our manufacturing activities, we also have some proprietary semiconductor fabrication facilities. if we are unable to utilize our owned fabrication facilities at a desired level, the fixed costs associated with these facilities will not be fully absorbed, resulting in higher average unit costs and lower gross margins.
research and development.  research and development expense consists primarily of personnel costs for our engineers engaged in the design and development of our products and technologies, including share-based compensation expense. these expenses also include project material costs, third-party fees paid to consultants, prototype development expense, allocated facilities costs and other corporate expenses and computer services costs related to supporting computer tools used in the engineering and design process.
selling, general and administrative.  selling expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for sales and marketing personnel, including share-based compensation expense, sales commissions paid to our independent sales representatives, costs of advertising, trade shows, corporate marketing, promotion, travel related to our sales and marketing operations, related occupancy and equipment costs, and other marketing costs. general and administrative expense consists primarily of compensation and associated costs for executive management, finance, human resources and other administrative personnel, outside professional fees, allocated facilities costs, acquisition-related costs and other corporate expenses.
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets.  in connection with our acquisitions, we recognized intangible assets that are being amortized over their estimated useful lives of 1 year to 25 years. we also recognized goodwill and in-process research and development, which are not amortized, in connection with acquisitions.
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges. restructuring, impairment and disposal charges consist primarily of compensation costs associated with employee exit programs, alignment of our global manufacturing operations, rationalizing product development program costs, in-process research and development impairment, fixed asset impairment, facility and lease abandonments and other exit costs, including curtailment of service or supply agreements.
interest expense.  interest expense includes coupon interest, commitment fees, accretion of the original issue discount and amortization of debt issuance costs related to our outstanding debt, expenses related to debt modification and ticking fees.
provision for income taxes.  we have structured our operations to maximize the benefit from tax incentives extended to us in various jurisdictions to encourage investment or employment. for example, we have obtained several tax incentives from the singapore economic development board, an agency of the government of singapore, which provide that qualifying
income we earn in singapore is subject to tax holiday or reduced rates of singapore income tax. subject to our compliance with the conditions specified in these incentives and legislative developments, the singapore tax incentives are presently expected to expire at various dates generally between 2020 and 2021, subject in certain cases to potential extensions, which we may or may not be able to obtain. absent such tax incentives, the corporate income tax rate in singapore that would otherwise apply to us would be 17%. we also have tax holidays on our qualifying income in malaysia, which are scheduled to expire between 2018 and 2028. the tax incentives that we have negotiated are also subject to our compliance with various operating and other conditions. if we cannot, or elect not to, comply with the operating conditions included in any particular tax incentive, we will lose the related tax benefits and we could be required to refund previously realized material tax benefits. depending on the incentive at issue, we could also be required to modify our operational structure and tax strategy, which may not be as beneficial to us as the benefits provided under the present tax concession arrangements. for fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015, the effect of all these tax incentives was to reduce the overall provision for income taxes by approximately $237 million, $169 million and $207 million, respectively.
our interpretations and conclusions regarding the tax incentives are not binding on any taxing authority, and if our assumptions about tax and other laws are incorrect or if these tax incentives are substantially modified or rescinded we could suffer material adverse tax and other financial consequences, which would increase our expenses, reduce our profitability and adversely affect our cash flows. in addition, taxable income in any jurisdiction is dependent upon acceptance of our operational practices and intercompany transfer pricing by local tax authorities as being on an arm's length basis. due to inconsistencies in application of the arm's length standard among taxing authorities, as well as lack of adequate treaty-based protection, transfer pricing challenges by tax authorities could, if successful, substantially increase our income tax expense.
on november 2, 2017, we announced our intention to initiate a process to change the ultimate parent company of the broadcom group from a singapore company to a u.s. corporation. we would expect our overall cash tax costs to approximately double, as compared to our fiscal year 2017 results, due to the redomiciliation and taking in account our initial estimates of the effects of the 2017 tax reform act.
going forward, our overall cash tax costs will vary based on a variety of factors in addition to the impact caused by the redomiciliation of our ultimate parent company from singapore to the u.s., including reorganizations or restructurings of our businesses or assets, overall profitability, the jurisdictional mix of income before income taxes and changes in tax regulations or policy, and discrete events, such as settlements of future audits and acquisitions we may make from time to time. our actual effective tax costs and overall effective rate may vary from our expectations and that variance may be material. in particular, we may owe significant taxes in jurisdictions outside our country of domicile during periods when we are profitable in those jurisdictions even though we may be experiencing low operating profit or operating losses on a consolidated basis, potentially resulting in significant tax liabilities on a consolidated basis during those periods. our historical provision for income taxes is not necessarily reflective of our future results of operations.
critical accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states, or gaap, requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting period. we base our estimates and assumptions on current facts, historical experience and various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and the accrual of costs and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. our actual financial results may differ materially and adversely from our estimates. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our historical financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies include revenue recognition, business combinations, valuation of long-lived assets, intangible assets and goodwill, inventory valuation, income taxes, retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions, share-based compensation and employee bonus programs. see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" included in part ii, item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our critical accounting policies and estimates.
revenue recognition.  we recognize revenue from sales of our products to distributors upon delivery of product to the distributors. an allowance for distributor credits covering price adjustments is made based on our estimate of historical experience rates as well as considering economic conditions and contractual terms. to date, actual distributor claims activity has been materially consistent with the provisions we have made based on our historical estimates. however, because of the inherent nature of estimates, there is always a risk that there could be significant differences between actual amounts and our estimates. different judgments or estimates could result in variances that might be significant to reported operating results. we also record reductions of revenue for rebates, in the same period that the related revenue is recorded. we accrue 100% of potential rebates at the time of sale and do not apply a breakage factor. we reverse the accrual of unclaimed rebate amounts as specific rebate programs contractually end and when we believe unclaimed rebates are no longer subject to payment and
will not be paid. thus the reversal of unclaimed rebates may have a positive impact on our net revenue and net income in subsequent periods.
business combinations. accounting for business combinations requires our management to make significant estimates and assumptions, especially at the acquisition date, including our estimates for intangible assets, contractual obligations assumed, restructuring liabilities, pre-acquisition contingencies and contingent consideration, where applicable. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, they are based, in part, on historical experience and information obtained from the management of the acquired companies and are inherently uncertain. critical estimates in valuing certain of the intangible assets we have acquired include, but are not limited to: future expected cash flows from product sales, customer contracts and acquired technologies, expected costs to develop in-process research and development into commercially viable products, estimated cash flows from the projects when completed, and discount rates. the discount rates used to discount expected future cash flows to present value are typically derived from a weighted-average cost of capital analysis and adjusted to reflect inherent risks. unanticipated events and circumstances may occur that may affect the accuracy or validity of such assumptions, estimates or actual results.
valuation of goodwill and long-lived assets.  we perform an annual impairment review of our goodwill during the fourth fiscal quarter of each year, and more frequently if we believe indicators of impairment exist. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of goodwill is highly subjective and requires significant judgment. to review for impairment we first assess qualitative factors to determine whether events or circumstances lead to a determination that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount. our qualitative assessment of the recoverability of goodwill, whether performed annually or based on specific events or circumstances, considers various macroeconomic, industry-specific and company-specific factors. those factors include: (i) severe adverse industry or economic trends; (ii) significant company-specific actions, including exiting an activity in conjunction with restructuring of operations; (iii) current, historical or projected deterioration of our financial performance; or (iv) a sustained decrease in our market capitalization below our net book value. after assessing the totality of events and circumstances, if we determine that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, no further assessment is performed. if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of any of our reporting units is less than its carrying amount, we calculate the fair value of that reporting unit and compare the fair value to the reporting unit's net book value.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. our goodwill impairment test uses both the income approach and the market approach to estimate a reporting unit's fair value. the income approach is based on the discounted cash flow method that uses the reporting unit estimates for forecasted future financial performance including revenues, operating expenses, and taxes, as well as working capital and capital asset requirements. these estimates are developed as part of our long-term planning process based on assumed market segment growth rates and our assumed market segment share, estimated costs based on historical data and various internal estimates. projected cash flows are then discounted to a present value employing a discount rate that properly accounts for the estimated market weighted-average cost of capital, as well as any risk unique to the subject cash flows. the market approach is based on weighting financial multiples of comparable companies and applies a control premium. a reporting unit's carrying value represents the assignment of various assets and liabilities, excluding certain corporate assets and liabilities, such as cash and debt.
we assess the impairment of long-lived assets including purchased in-process research and development, assets, property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. factors we consider important which could trigger an impairment review include (i) significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, (ii) significant changes in the manner of our use of the acquired assets or the strategy for our overall business, or (iii) significant negative industry or economic trends. the process of evaluating the potential impairment of long-lived assets under the accounting guidance on property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets is also highly subjective and requires significant judgment. in order to estimate the fair value of long-lived assets, we typically make various assumptions about the future prospects about our business or the part of our business that the long-lived asset relates to, consider market factors specific to the business and estimate future cash flows to be generated by the business, which requires significant judgment as it is based on assumptions about market demand for our products over a number of future years. based on these assumptions and estimates, we determine whether we need to take an impairment charge to reduce the value of the long-lived asset stated on our consolidated balance sheet to reflect its estimated fair value. assumptions and estimates about future values and remaining useful lives are complex and often subjective. they can be affected by a variety of factors, including external factors, such as the real estate market, industry and economic trends, and internal factors, such as changes in our business strategy and our internal forecasts. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made in the past have been reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions and estimates could materially impact our reported financial results.
inventory valuation.  we regularly review inventory quantities on hand and record a provision for excess and obsolete inventory based primarily on our forecast of product demand and production requirements. demand for our products can fluctuate significantly from period to period. a significant decrease in demand could result in an increase in the amount of excess inventory quantities on hand. in addition, our industry is characterized by rapid technological change, frequent new product development and rapid product obsolescence that could result in an increase in the amount of obsolete inventory quantities on hand. additionally, our estimates of future product demand may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause us to understate or overstate both the provision required for excess and obsolete inventory and cost of products sold. therefore, although we make every effort to ensure the accuracy of our forecasts of future product demand, any significant unanticipated changes in demand or technological developments could have a significant impact on the value of our inventory and our results of operations.
income taxes.  significant management judgment is required in developing our provision for income taxes, including the determination of deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowances that might be required against the deferred tax assets. we have considered projected future taxable income and ongoing prudent and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for valuation allowances. if we determine, in the future, that a valuation allowance is required, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would increase our tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. conversely, if we determine, in the future, a valuation allowance exceeds our requirement, such adjustment to the deferred tax assets would decrease tax expense in the period in which such determination is made. in evaluating the exposure associated with various tax filing positions, we accrue an income tax liability when such positions do not meet the more-likely-than-not threshold for recognition.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in singapore and other tax jurisdictions based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the actual amount ultimately assessed, a further charge to tax expense would be required. if the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the accrued liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities no longer exist.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.  retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs over the employees' average expected future service to us, based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of gaap. one critical assumption is the discount rate used to calculate the estimated costs. other important assumptions include the expected long-term return on plan assets, the health care cost trend rate, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the relevant measurement dates - october 29, 2017 and october 30, 2016, for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans, in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high-quality corporate bond yields. the discount rate for non-u.s. plans was based either on published rates for government bonds or use of a hypothetical yield curve constructed with high- quality corporate bond yields, depending on the availability of sufficient quantities of quality corporate bonds. lower discount rates increase present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values of the pension liabilities and subsequent year pension expense.
we base our salary increase assumptions on historical experience and future expectations. in developing the expected rate of return, we consider long-term compound annualized returns based on historical market data, historical and expected returns on the various categories of plan assets, and the target investment portfolio allocation among debt, equity securities and other investments.
actuarial assumptions are based on our best estimates and judgment. material changes may occur in retirement benefit costs in the future if these assumptions differ from actual events or experience. we performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is the key assumption in calculating u.s. pension and post-retirement benefit obligations as of october 29, 2017. each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption would have had an estimated $41 million impact on the benefit obligations as of october 29, 2017. each change of 25 basis points in the discount rate assumption and expected rate of return assumption would have an estimated change of $1 million and $4 million, respectively, on annual net retirement benefit costs for fiscal year 2018.
share-based compensation expense.  share-based compensation expense consists of expense for share options and rsus granted to employees and non-employees or assumed from acquisitions as well as expense associated with broadcom employee share purchase plan, or espp. we recognize compensation expense for time-based options and espp rights based on the estimated grant-date fair value method required under the authoritative guidance using the black-scholes valuation model.
certain equity awards include both time-based and market-based conditions and are accounted for as market-based awards. the fair value of these market-based awards is estimated on the date of grant using a monte carlo simulation model. assumptions utilized in the monte carlo simulation model follow the same methodology as our time-based option awards.
employee bonus programs. our employee bonus programs, which are overseen by our compensation committee or our board, in the case of our chief executive officer, provide for variable compensation based on the attainment of overall corporate annual targets and functional performance metrics. in the first fiscal quarter of the year, if management determines that it is probable that the targets and metrics will be achieved and the amounts can be reasonably estimated, a variable, proportional compensation accrual is recognized based on an assumed 100% achievement of the targets and metrics. the bonus payout levels can be greater if attainment of metrics and targets is greater than 100% and a portion of the payouts may not occur if a minimum floor of performance is not achieved. in subsequent quarters, we monitor and accrue for variable compensation expense based on our actual progress toward the achievement of the annual targets and metrics. the actual achievement of target metrics at the end of the fiscal year, which is subject to approval by our compensation committee, may result in the actual variable compensation amounts being significantly higher or lower than the relevant estimated amounts accrued in earlier quarters, which would result in a corresponding adjustment in the fourth fiscal quarter.
fiscal year presentation we operate on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the sunday closest to october 31 in a 52-week year and the first sunday in november in a 53-week year. each of fiscal years 2017, 2016 and 2015 consisted of 52 weeks.
the financial statements included in part ii, item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k are presented in accordance with gaap and expressed in u.s. dollars.
results of operations fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016
(in millions)                 (as a percentage of net revenue)
statements of operations data:
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold                                           6,593                 5,295                 38                         40
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets           2,511                   763                 14                          6
total cost of products sold                                     9,127                 7,300                 52                         55
research and development                                        3,292                 2,674                 19                         20
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets           1,764                 1,873                 10                         14
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges                    161                   996                  1                          8
total operating expenses                                        6,126                 6,349                 35                         48
operating income (loss)                                        $2,383                 $(409     )           13        %                (3   )%
net revenue fiscal year ended net revenue by segment            october 29,            october 30,              $ change           % change
(as a percentage of net revenue)
our total net revenue increased primarily due to the full year contribution from acquired brcm products in fiscal year 2017 compared to only three quarters in fiscal year 2016, as well as due to strong organic year-over-year growth.
net revenue from our wired infrastructure segment increased primarily due to the full year contribution from acquired brcm products, as well as strong organic year-over-year growth. net revenue from our wireless communications segment increased primarily due to an increase in our wireless content in handsets, as well as the full year contribution from acquired brcm products. net revenue from our enterprise storage segment increased primarily due to strength in demand for our hard
gross margin gross margin increased by $2,569 million in fiscal year 2017. gross margin as a percentage of net revenue increased to 48% in fiscal year 2017 from 45% for fiscal year 2016. these increases were primarily attributable to a $1,181 million reduction in acquisition purchase accounting effect on inventory, as well as a more favorable product mix, partially offset by a $1,748 million increase in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets resulting from the broadcom merger. the 33% increase in net revenue was the primary reason for the increase in gross margin dollars. we expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of the brocade merger which closed on november 17, 2017, and any further acquisitions.
research and development expense research and development expense increased $618 million, or 23%, in fiscal year 2017. research and development expense remained relatively flat as a percentage of net revenue at 19% and 20% for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. the increase in research and development expense dollars for fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to a full year of expense resulting from the acquired brcm businesses and higher share-based compensation expense, partially offset by benefits from restructuring actions that we initiated following the broadcom merger. share-based compensation expense was higher in fiscal year 2017 due to equity awards granted to employees from the acquired brcm businesses, as well as annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values.
selling, general and administrative expense selling, general and administrative expense decreased $19 million, or 2%, in fiscal year 2017. selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenue was 4% and 6% for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expense dollars for fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to a decrease in acquisition-related costs and benefits from restructuring actions that we initiated following the broadcom merger, partially offset by higher share-based compensation expense. share-based compensation expense was higher in fiscal year 2017 due to annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values.
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets recognized in operating expenses decreased $109 million, or 6%, in fiscal year 2017, due to a decrease in amortization of intangible assets acquired in the broadcom merger. we expect to incur additional amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets in future periods as a result of the brocade merger.
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges restructuring, impairment and disposal charges included in operating expenses decreased $835 million, or 84%, in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 primarily due to a decrease in the impairment of in-process research and development projects. the decrease was also due to lower employee termination costs as the majority of restructuring activities resulting from the broadcom merger were undertaken in fiscal year 2016. we expect to incur additional restructuring charges in future periods as a result of the brocade merger.
litigation settlements during fiscal year 2017, we incurred $122 million of litigation charges associated with certain legal settlement agreements.
segment operating results fiscal year ended operating income (loss)                  october 29, 2017             october 30, 2016              $ change           % change
total operating income (loss)              $2,383                        $(409       )           $2,792              683      %
operating income from our wired infrastructure segment increased primarily due to a full year of revenue contributions from acquired brcm products, as well as due to strong organic year-over-year growth, partially offset by a full year of research and development expense related to the acquired brcm businesses. operating income from our wireless communications segment increased primarily due to an increase in our wireless content in handsets, as well as the full year contribution from acquired brcm products. these increases were partially offset by a full year of research and development expense related to the acquired brcm businesses. operating income from our enterprise storage segment increased primarily due to strength in demand for our hdd products, as well as increased demand for our custom ssd controller, and server storage connectivity products. we expect contributions from the brocade san business to increase operating income in the enterprise storage segment in future periods. operating income for the wired infrastructure, wireless communications and enterprise storage segments also benefited from lower operating expenses following our restructuring actions. operating income from our industrial & other segment increased primarily due to an increase in revenue dollars from our optocoupler products and licensing of intellectual property, or ip, partially offset by an increase in legal expense.
unallocated expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, acquisition-related costs, charges for litigation settlement, and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. unallocated expenses decreased 1% in fiscal year 2017 primarily due to significant reductions in the purchase accounting effect on inventory and restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, partially offset by increases in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets and charges for litigation settlement. additionally, share-based compensation was higher in fiscal year 2017 due to equity awards granted to employees from the acquired brcm businesses, as well as annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values. we expect the factors noted above to increase as a result of the brocade merger.
overall, operating income also benefited from reductions in operating expenses related to our restructuring actions following the broadcom merger.
non-operating income and expenses interest expense. interest expense was $454 million and $585 million for fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. interest expense was higher in fiscal year 2016 due primarily to one-time debt-related expenses associated with the financing of the broadcom merger. we expect interest expense to increase in fiscal year 2018 due to the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes.
loss on extinguishment of debt. during fiscal year 2017, we issued the january 2017 senior notes to refinance all of the term loans outstanding under the 2016 credit agreement. we terminated the 2016 credit agreement, and the revolving credit facility thereunder, in connection with the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes, the proceeds of which were used to finance the brocade merger. as a result, we wrote off $166 million of outstanding debt issuance costs, which were included in loss on extinguishment of debt. during fiscal year 2016, we made prepayments on our term loan borrowings under the 2016 credit agreement and, as a result, recognized $123 million of losses on extinguishment of debt.
other income, net. other income net was $62 million and $10 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. other income, net for fiscal year 2017 primarily comprised a gain on disposal of assets and interest income.
provision for income taxes. our provisions for income taxes were $35 million and $642 million in fiscal years 2017 and 2016, respectively. the provision for income taxes in fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to an increase in profit before tax and a discrete expense of $76 million resulting from entity reorganizations, partially offset by the recognition of $273 million of excess tax benefits from share-based equity awards that vested or were exercised during fiscal year 2017 and, to a lesser extent, the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits primarily as a result of audit settlements.
the income tax provision for fiscal year 2016 was primarily the result of an increase in tax associated with our undistributed earnings, partially offset by income tax benefits from losses from continuing operations and the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits as a result of audit settlements.
at the time we completed the broadcom merger, in connection with the allocation of the purchase price, we established a deferred tax liability associated with our potential tax liability arising from our planned integration of brcm's ip, which was completed in november 2016. prior to the adoption of the 2017 tax reform act, this tax liability will become payable as earnings resulting from this integration of ip are distributed over time. however, under the 2017 tax reform act, we will be required to recognize all of these earnings in our fiscal year 2018 as a deemed repatriation of foreign earnings, subject to a one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax.
as a result of these events, the amount of our income taxes payable could vary materially and consume an increasing amount of our cash. in addition, our provision for income taxes in future periods is likely to change as a result of the impact of internal restructurings and reorganizations which could also affect our overall effective tax rate.
fiscal year ended statements of operations data:                                   october 30, 2016            november 1, 2015          october 30, 2016               november 1, 2015
(in millions)                         (as a percentage of net revenue)
cost of products sold:
cost of products sold                                               5,295                       2,750                     40                             41
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets                 763                         484                      6                              7
total cost of products sold                                         7,300                       3,271                     55                             48
research and development                                            2,674                       1,049                     20                             15
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets               1,873                         249                     14                              4
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges                        996                         137                      8                              2
total operating expenses                                            6,349                       1,921                     48                             28
operating income (loss)                                             $(409       )              $1,632                     (3   )%                        24          %
net revenue fiscal year ended net revenue by segment             october 30, 2016             november 1, 2015              $ change           % change
(as a percentage of net revenue)
our overall net revenue increased in fiscal year 2016, compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to the contributions from acquired brcm products since the acquisition date. as a result of the broadcom merger, our wired infrastructure segment constituted our largest segment.
net revenue from our wired infrastructure segment increased primarily due to the contributions since the acquisition date from acquired brcm products included in this segment. net revenue from our wireless communications segment increased primarily due to revenue contributions of approximately $1.8 billion from sales of acquired brcm wireless connectivity and related products since the acquisition date, partially offset by a decrease in sales of approximately $525 million in sales of our radio frequency, or rf, components due to reduced demand from a key north american mobile handset customer. net revenue from our enterprise storage segment increased primarily due to the additional revenue resulting from a full year of contributions from the emulex business that we acquired in may 2015, as well as strength in demand for our hdd products, partially offset by a decrease in demand for our server and storage connectivity products. net revenue from our industrial & other segment remained essentially flat compared to fiscal year 2015. our net revenue in fiscal year 2016 also included $450 million from development arrangements and sales and licensing of ip, compared to $313 million in fiscal year 2015, which primarily benefited our wired infrastructure and industrial & other segments.
gross margin gross margin was $5.9 billion for fiscal year 2016 compared to $3.6 billion for fiscal year 2015. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to contributions to our wired infrastructure and wireless communications segments from the brcm businesses acquired in february 2016. as a percentage of net revenue, gross margin was 45% and 52% for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. the 7% decrease in gross margin as a percentage of net revenue was largely due to $1.2 billion of costs resulting from the step-up of inventory to fair value and the increase in amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets associated with the broadcom merger.
research and development expense research and development expense increased $1.6 billion, or 155%, in fiscal year 2016. research and development expense as a percentage of net revenue was 20% and 15% for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. the overall increase in research and development expense dollars and as a percentage of net revenue for fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to the acquisition of brcm. share-based compensation included in research and development expense increased due to rsus assumed in connection with, and integration equity awards granted to employees acquired in, the broadcom merger, as well as annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values.
selling, general and administrative expense selling, general and administrative expense increased $320 million, or 66%, in fiscal year 2016. selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of net revenue was 6% and 7% for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. the overall increase in selling, general and administrative expense dollars for fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to the impact of the acquired brcm businesses and the acquisition-related costs. the decrease as a percentage of revenue was due to the realization of synergies resulting from the integration of brcm. share-based compensation included in selling, general and administrative expense increased due to rsus assumed in connection with, and integration equity awards granted to employees acquired in, the broadcom merger, as well as annual employee equity awards granted at higher grant-date fair values.
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets total amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets was $2.6 billion for fiscal year 2016, compared to $733 million for fiscal year 2015. the increase in amortization expense in fiscal year 2016 was primarily attributable to an increase in amortizable intangible assets resulting from the broadcom merger.
restructuring, impairment and disposal charges restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, recognized primarily in operating expenses, were $1.1 billion for fiscal year 2016 compared to $144 million in fiscal year 2015. the increase was due primarily to the broadcom merger, including impairment charges of $417 million for termination of in-process research and development projects and $173 million for property, plant and equipment. restructuring charges were due primarily to employee termination costs of approximately $418 million, and lease termination and other exit costs of $29 million, primarily resulting from the broadcom merger.
segment operating results fiscal year ended operating income (loss)                  october 30, 2016             november 1, 2015              $ change           % change
total operating income (loss)               $(409       )               $1,632                  $(2,041    )        (125   )%
operating income from our wired infrastructure segment increased primarily due to contributions from the acquired brcm wired products. operating income from our wireless communications segment increased primarily due to contributions from the acquired brcm wireless connectivity products, partially offset by a decrease in demand for our rf components from a key north american mobile handset customer. operating income from our enterprise storage segment increased primarily due to a full year of contributions from the emulex business that we acquired in may 2015, as well as strength in demand for our hdd products, partially offset by a decrease in demand for our server and storage connectivity products. operating income from our industrial & other segment was flat.
unallocated expenses include amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, share-based compensation expense, restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, acquisition-related costs, including charges related to the step-up of acquired inventory to fair value, and other costs that are not used in evaluating the results of, or in allocating resources to, our segments. unallocated expenses increased 368% in fiscal year 2016, compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to increases in charges related to the step-up of inventory to fair value, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, restructuring, impairment and disposal charges, and costs incurred in connection with the broadcom merger. additionally, share-based compensation increased due to rsus assumed in, and integration equity awards granted to employees acquired in, the broadcom merger.
non-operating income and expenses interest expense. interest expense was $585 million and $191 million for fiscal years 2016 and 2015, respectively. the increase in interest expense in fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to interest on higher outstanding debt balances and expenses related to debt modification and ticking fees, in each case associated with the term loan indebtedness we incurred to finance the broadcom merger.
loss on extinguishment of debt. during fiscal year 2016, in connection with the closing of the broadcom merger, we repaid in full our term loan borrowings under a collateralized credit agreement with lenders named therein entered into in fiscal year 2014, or the 2014 credit agreement. we subsequently repaid our €900 million term b-1 euro loan (defined below) partially funded by the sale of certain acquired brcm assets that were held for sale. we also repaid our $500 million term b-2 loan (defined below), partially funded with $325 million of additional term a loan (defined below) borrowings. these payments and the august 2016 amendments to the 2016 credit agreement resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $123 million for fiscal year 2016. in fiscal year 2015, we made a $593 million principal prepayment on term loan borrowings under the 2014 credit agreement and settled the 2.0% convertible senior notes due 2021, which resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $10 million for fiscal year 2015.
in connection with the completion of the broadcom merger, three broadcom subsidiaries entered into the 2016 credit agreement, which originally provided for a term a loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $4.4 billion, or the term a loan, a term b-1 dollar loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $9.8 billion, or the term b-1 loan, a term b-1 euro loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of €900 million, equivalent to $978 million as of february 1, 2016, or the term b-1 euro loan, a term b-2 loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of $500 million, or the term b-2 loan, and together
with the term a loan, term b-1 loan, and term b-1 euro loan. the 2016 credit agreement also provides for a revolving credit facility, or the 2016 revolving credit facility, that permits us to borrow from time to time in an aggregate principal amount of up to $500 million for working capital and other corporate purposes, including swingline loans of up to $150 million in the aggregate and for the issuance of letters of credit of up to $100 million in the aggregate, which, in the case of swingline loans and letters of credit, reduce the available borrowing capacity under the 2016 revolving credit facility on a dollar for dollar basis.
provision for income taxes. for fiscal year 2016, we had a provision for income taxes of $642 million compared to $76 million for fiscal year 2015. the income tax provision for fiscal year 2016 was primarily the result of an increase in tax associated with our undistributed earnings, partially offset by income tax benefits from losses from continuing operations and the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits as a result of audit settlements.
during fiscal year 2016, we determined that we no longer intend to indefinitely reinvest our accumulated and current foreign earnings in our operations outside of singapore. as a result, we made a provision for taxes on $1.9 billion of our undistributed earnings as of november 1, 2015, including projected withholding taxes that would become payable upon the distribution of those earnings, and recognized $93 million of expense in fiscal year 2016 related to the undistributed earnings of foreign operations that were previously considered indefinitely reinvested.
at the time we completed the broadcom merger, in connection with the preliminary allocation of the purchase price, we established a deferred tax liability that was associated with our potential tax liability arising from our planned integration of brcm's ip, which was completed in november 2016. this tax liability will become payable as earnings resulting from this integration of ip are distributed over time.
seasonality historically, our net revenue has typically been higher in the second half of the fiscal year than in the first half, primarily due to seasonality in our wireless communications segment. this segment has historically experienced seasonality due to launches of new mobile handsets manufactured by our oem customers. however, from time to time, typical seasonality and industry cyclicality are overshadowed by other factors such as wider macroeconomic effects, the timing of significant product transitions and launches by large oems, particularly in the wireless communications segment. we have a diversified business portfolio and our wired infrastructure segment represents the largest portion of our net revenue. we believe that our overall revenue is less susceptible to seasonal variations as a result of the diversification of our business portfolio.
liquidity and capital resources the following section discusses our principal liquidity and capital resources as well as our principal liquidity requirements and sources and uses of cash. our cash and cash equivalents are maintained in highly liquid investments with remaining maturities of 90 days or less at the time of purchase. we believe our cash equivalents are liquid and accessible.
our primary sources of liquidity as of october 29, 2017 consisted of: (i) $11,204 million in cash and cash equivalents, which included $3,980 million of net proceeds from the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes, all of which was used to fund the brocade merger on november 17, 2017, and (ii) cash we expect to generate from operations. in addition, we may also generate cash from the sale of assets from time to time.
during fiscal year 2017, we completed the issuances and sales of the january 2017 senior notes and october 2017 senior notes, collectively, the senior notes, in aggregate principal amounts of $13,550 million and $4,000 million, respectively.
during fiscal year 2017, we also entered into a trade accounts receivable factoring facility with a third-party financial institution to sell certain of our trade accounts receivable on a non-recourse basis for amounts of up to $100 million from time to time. total trade accounts receivable sold under the factoring agreement were $178 million during fiscal year 2017.
our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements primarily arise from: (i) business acquisitions and investments we may make from time to time, (ii) working capital requirements, (iii) research and development and capital expenditure needs, (iv) interim cash dividend payments by broadcom (if and when declared by the board), (v) cash distributions by the partnership (if and when declared by the partnership's general partner), (vi) interest and principal payments related to outstanding indebtedness, (vii) payment of income taxes, including taxes resulting from intercompany transfers of ip, and (viii) funding employee benefit plan obligations. our ability to fund these requirements will depend, in part, on our future cash flows, which are determined by our future operating performance and, therefore, subject to prevailing global macroeconomic conditions and financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control.
our capital expenditures for fiscal year 2017 were higher than fiscal year 2016, due primarily to expenditures for construction at our irvine and san jose campuses, purchases of test manufacturing equipment and spending on equipment to support various research and development projects. we expect capital expenditures to be somewhat lower in fiscal year 2018 as compared to fiscal year 2017.
our liquidity needs also increased as a result of completing the brocade merger. we financed $4,000 million of the purchase consideration with the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes. we believe that our cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash flows from operations will provide sufficient liquidity, after giving effect to the brocade merger, to operate our business and fund our current and assumed obligations for at least the next 12 months, excluding the impact of any future mergers, acquisitions and divestiture activity.
from time to time, we engage in discussions with third parties regarding potential acquisitions of, or investments in, businesses, technologies and product lines. any such transaction, or evaluation of potential transactions, could require significant use of our cash and cash equivalents, or require us to increase our borrowings to fund such transactions. we could also reduce certain expenditures such as payment of our cash dividend. if we do not have sufficient cash to fund our operations or finance growth opportunities, including acquisitions, or unanticipated capital expenditures, our business and financial condition could suffer. in such circumstances we may also seek to obtain new debt or equity financing. however, we cannot assure you that such additional financing will be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. our ability to service the senior notes and any other indebtedness we may incur, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future.
•   $17,426 million of proceeds from the issuance of the senior notes,
•   $6,551 million in net cash provided by operating activities,
•   $441 million of proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment,
•   $257 million from the issuance of ordinary shares upon exercises of share options and purchase rights under broadcom's employee share purchase plan, and
•   $200 million of proceeds from maturities of investments.
the increase was partially offset by the following:
•   $13,668 million for the repayment of our term loan borrowings under the 2016 credit agreement,
•   $1,745 million of dividend payments by broadcom and cash distributions by the partnership,
•   $1,069 million in capital expenditures, and
•   $207 million for the purchases of investments.
net cash provided by operating activities                    $6,551                      $3,411                      $2,318
operating activities cash provided by operating activities represents net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities. the $3,140 million increase in cash provided by operations during fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was due to the impact of net income and adjustments to net income for non-cash items, partially offset by changes in assets and liabilities. the adjustments to net income for non-cash items were higher, compared to fiscal year 2016, primarily due to increased depreciation and amortization, increased share-based compensation, and an increase in the non-cash portion of the debt extinguishment loss, partially offset by a decrease in non-cash restructuring, impairment and disposal charges and a decrease in deferred taxes and other non-cash taxes.
the $1,093 million increase in cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was due to the adjustments to net loss for non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities, partially offset by the impact of a net loss during fiscal year 2016. the adjustments to net loss for non-cash items were higher, compared to fiscal year 2015, primarily due to depreciation and amortization, share-based compensation, non-cash restructuring, impairment and disposal charges and deferred taxes and other non-cash taxes.
investing activities cash used in investing activities consisted primarily of cash used for capital expenditures, acquisitions, and investments, partially offset by proceeds from disposals of property, plant and equipment, divestitures and maturities of investments. the $9,166 million change in investing cash flows for fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to $10,055 million paid primarily for the broadcom merger in fiscal year 2016 and cash receipts of $441 million from the sale of our irvine campus in fiscal year 2017, offset in part by a decrease in proceeds from the sales of businesses and an increase in capital expenditures and investments.
the $9,599 million change in investing cash flows for fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to $10,055 million paid primarily for the broadcom merger and an increase in capital expenditures and investments, partially offset by an increase in proceeds from the sales of businesses and an increase in proceeds from sales and maturities of investments.
financing activities broadcom cash provided by (used in) financing activities consisted primarily of net proceeds and payments related to our long-term debt, payment of assumed debt, dividend payments by broadcom, cash distributions by the partnership, proceeds received from the issuances of ordinary shares pursuant to our employee equity incentive plans and payments of debt issuance costs. the $5,474 million decrease in financing cash flows for fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was primarily due a decrease in net proceeds and payments related to our long-term debt and an increase in dividend and distribution payments, offset in part by the repayment of assumed debt in fiscal year 2016.
the $9,563 million increase in financing cash flows for fiscal year 2016 compared to fiscal year 2015 was primarily due to an increase in net proceeds and payments related to our long-term debt, partially offset by an increase in dividend and distribution payments.
the partnership cash provided by (used in) financing activities for the partnership is materially the same as for broadcom discussed above. the differences are due to capital transactions with the general partner, which result from capital contributions and distributions between broadcom and the partnership.
indebtedness see note 8. "borrowings" included in part ii, item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k.
senior notes on january 19, 2017, we completed the issuance and sale of the january 2017 senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of $13,550 million. the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to repay all of the outstanding term loans under the 2016 credit agreement in the aggregate amount of $13,555 million.
on october 17, 2017, we completed the issuance and sale of the october 2017 senior notes in an aggregate principal amount of $4,000 million. the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, were used to finance the brocade merger, which closed on november 17, 2017. in connection with the issuance of the october 2017 senior notes, we terminated the commitments and satisfied all outstanding obligations under the 2016 credit agreement.
as a result, during fiscal year 2017, we wrote-off $166 million of debt issuance costs, which were included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statements of operations.
operating lease obligations               745                     119                     126         79                    421
capital lease obligations                  21                      21                       -             -                     -
debt principal and interest. represents principal and interest on borrowings under the senior notes and outstanding senior unsecured notes that we assumed as a result of the broadcom merger, or the assumed senior notes.
purchase commitments. represents unconditional purchase obligations that include agreements to purchase goods or services, primarily inventory, that are enforceable and legally binding on us and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable price provisions, and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable without penalty. cancellation for outstanding purchase orders for capital expenditures in connection with the internal fabrication facility expansion and construction of our new campuses is generally allowed but requires payment of all costs incurred through the date of cancellation and, therefore, cancelable purchase orders for these capital expenditures are included in the table above.
other contractual commitments. represents amounts payable pursuant to agreements related to it, human resources, financial infrastructure outsourcing services and other service agreements.
operating lease obligations. represents real property and equipment leased from third parties under non-cancelable operating leases.
capital lease obligations. represents equipment leased from third parties under non-cancelable capital leases.
pension plan contributions. represents our planned minimum contributions to our pension plans. although additional future contributions will be required, the amount and timing of these contributions will be affected by actuarial assumptions, the actual rate of returns on plan assets, the level of market interest rates, legislative changes and the amount of voluntary contributions to the plans. the amount shown in the table represents our planned contributions to our pension plans within a year. because any contributions for fiscal year 2019 and later will depend on the value of the plan assets in the future and thus are uncertain, we have not included any amounts for fiscal year 2019 and beyond in the above table.
due to the inherent uncertainty with respect to the timing of future cash outflows associated with our unrecognized tax benefits at october 29, 2017, we are unable to reliably estimate the timing of cash settlement with the respective taxing authority. therefore, $1,011 million of unrecognized tax benefits and accrued interest classified within other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of october 29, 2017 have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above.
off-balance sheet arrangements we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements at october 29, 2017 as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k under the exchange act.
indemnifications see note 14. "commitments and contingencies" in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
accounting changes and recent accounting standards for a description of accounting changes and recent accounting standards, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, in our consolidated financial statements, see note 2. "summary of significant accounting policies" included in part ii, item 8. of this annual report on form 10-k.