item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto included in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we are a global leader in designing, marketing, and distributing innovative footwear, apparel and accessories developed for both everyday casual lifestyle use and high performance activities. we market our products primarily under five proprietary brands: ugg, koolaburra, hoka, teva and sanuk. we sell our products through quality domestic and international retailers, international distributors and directly to our consumers both domestically and internationally through our direct-to-consumer (dtc) business, which is comprised of our retail stores and e-commerce websites. independent third parties manufacture all of our products.
recent developments restructuring plan. in february 2016, we announced the implementation of a multi-year restructuring plan which is designed to realign our brands, optimize our retail store fleet, and consolidate our management and operations. as part of this restructuring plan, we realigned our brands across two groups: fashion lifestyle and performance lifestyle. the fashion lifestyle group includes the ugg and koolaburra brands. the performance lifestyle group includes the teva, sanuk and hoka brands. in general, the intent of the restructuring plan is to streamline brand operations, reduce overhead costs, create operating efficiencies and improve collaboration.
we believe our retail stores remain an important component of our omni-channel strategy; however, in light of the recent and continuing changes in the retail environment, we also believe it is prudent to further optimize our global brick and mortar footprint, and expect to continue to do so. accordingly, we anticipate generating future cost savings associated with changes in our retail presence as we optimize our retail store and fleet performance, including through closing stores or converting stores to partner retail stores in our wholesale channel. we continue to drive and are evolving our retail store and fleet optimization strategies in line with our long-term objectives, and we are targeting a global retail store count of approximately 125 owned stores. remaining store closures are expected to occur as store leases expire to avoid incurring potentially significant lease termination fees.
while we are seeing initial signs of improvement, our decision to open or close store locations will be evaluated based on the operating results of each store and our retail store and fleet optimization strategies, which may ultimately impact our global retail store count. further, the actual number of owned stores as of any particular date is subject to uncertainty and is based upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the actual and projected costs associated with closing or converting stores, the actual and estimated results of operations of our overall dtc business and continuing changes in consumer buying behaviors and the retail environment.
in connection with our restructuring plan, we have closed 32 retail stores as of march 31, 2018, including five in fiscal year 2016 and 20 in fiscal year 2017, and consolidated our brand operations and corporate headquarters. we have incurred cumulative restructuring charges of $55,324 through march 31, 2018, with $1,667, $28,984, and $22,824 of restructuring charges recorded in selling, general and administrative (sg&a) expense during the years ended march 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively, and $1,849 in cost of sales during fiscal year 2016 in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
retail store fixed asset impairment          -                       3,614               5,758                         9,372
software and office fixed asset impairment   -                       3,199               3,788                         6,987
*includes restructuring charges for costs related to office consolidations, termination of various contracts and other services.
we currently do not anticipate incurring material restructuring charges in future periods, though retail store and fleet optimization remains a focus.
as a result of the implementation of our restructuring plan, we expect to realize annualized gross sg&a expense savings in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) totaling approximately $85,000 by march 31, 2020. the annualized sg&a expense savings are expected to be primarily derived from reductions in operating costs related to the termination of retail store leases and the conversion of certain of our foreign owned retail stores to partner retail stores, as well as a reduction in overhead costs, including payroll and related benefits, depreciation and amortization, and rent and occupancy costs, among others.
as of march 31, 2018, we realized approximately $54,000 of annualized sg&a expense savings out of the anticipated $85,000 of savings from our restructuring plan. the realized sg&a expense savings by reportable operating segment are as follows:
we expect to realize approximately $31,000 of additional annualized sg&a expense savings from our restructuring plan. the additional annualized sg&a expense savings are expected to be primarily derived from further reductions in retail-related costs, including those listed above. these additional savings are expected to primarily impact the dtc reportable operating segment and to be fully realized by the end of fiscal year 2020. however, both the amount and timing of the actual savings we may achieve as a result of our restructuring plan are uncertain and are based upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the timing of lease terminations and store closures, the actual costs associated with closing or converting stores, and the actual and estimated results of operations of each store.
refer to note 2, "restructuring," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the remaining liability for charges incurred under our restructuring plan by reportable operating segment.
operating profit improvement plan. in addition to the approximate $85,000 of gross annualized sg&a expense savings expected from the implementation of our restructuring plan, as discussed above, we also expect that our other transformation, initiatives announced in february 2017, will result in approximately $65,000 of additional annualized cost of sales improvements and sg&a expense savings, for a total anticipated annual gross cost savings of approximately $150,000. cost of sales improvements are expected to result from reducing product development cycle times, optimizing material yields, consolidating our factory base, and continuing to move product manufacturing outside of china. further sg&a expense savings are expected to result from lower corporate infrastructure costs, process improvement efficiencies, and reduced unallocated indirect spend.
the cost of sales improvements are expected to impact each of the reportable operating segments (excluding unallocated overhead costs) in an amount that is generally proportionate to the net sales generated by that reportable operating segment as a percentage of our total net sales. we have achieved approximately 90% of the expected cost of sales improvements as of march 31, 2018. the remaining additional annualized costs of sales and sg&a expense savings are expected to be realized by the end of fiscal year 2020.
we expect that the approximately $150,000 of annual gross cost savings will result in approximately $100,000 of net annualized operating profit improvement (after reinvestment in marketing and other growth-driving initiatives) by the end of fiscal year 2020. however, both the amount and timing of the actual operating profit improvements we may achieve as a result of these transformation initiatives are uncertain and are based upon numerous factors, including, but not limited to, the timing and success of certain production and inventory control improvements, the costs associated with improving and transitioning manufacturing operations, and the net impact of certain costs savings initiatives on our operating profit.
stock repurchase program. in october 2017, our board of directors authorized a new $335,000 stock repurchase program. combined with the $65,294 remaining approved amount under our january 2015 stock repurchase program, we had the authority to repurchase up to an aggregate of $400,294 of our common stock at the time. as of march 31, 2018, the aggregate remaining approved amount was $250,607. our repurchase programs do not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock and may be suspended at any time at our discretion. for further details on our current stock repurchase strategy and its impact on our liquidity refer to the section entitled "liquidity and capital resources" within this part ii, item 7.
cash repatriation. as a result of the recently enacted us h.r.1 on december 22, 2017, also known as the tax cuts and jobs act (tax reform act), our cumulative foreign earnings as of december 31, 2017 were subject to a one-time, mandatory deemed repatriation tax in transition to a territorial tax regime. in response to the new legislation, we repatriated $250,000 of cash and cash equivalents during the fourth quarter of the year ended march 31, 2018, resulting in additional state income taxes, net of federal benefit, of approximately $607. for further details on the impacts of the tax reform act during the year ended march 31, 2018, refer to note 5, "income taxes," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k. for further details on our current cash repatriation strategy and its impact on our liquidity refer to the section entitled "liquidity and capital resources" within this part ii, item 7.
trends impacting our overall business our business and the industry in which we operate continue to be impacted by several important trends:
•   sales of our products are highly seasonal and are sensitive to weather conditions, which are unpredictable and beyond our control. even though we continue to expand our product lines with the goal of creating more year-round styles for our brands to drive sales and offset the impact of weather conditions, the effect of favorable or unfavorable weather on our aggregate sales and operating results may continue to be significant. to address seasonality, we are continuing to drive our strategy of introducing counter-seasonal products through category expansion, including the ugg brand's spring and summer products, and the active-lifestyle products of the hoka brand. we believe our net sales were positively impacted by weather conditions during the fiscal year ended march 31, 2018.
•   we believe there has been a meaningful shift in the way consumers shop for products and make purchasing decisions. in particular, brick and mortar retail stores are experiencing significant and prolonged decreases in consumer traffic as customers continue to migrate to shopping online. this shift is impacting the performance of our dtc business and our wholesale customers, and is transforming the way we approach our digital marketing efforts.
•   in light of the shift in consumer shopping behavior, we are seeking to optimize our brick and mortar retail footprint. in pursuing store closures, we have been impacted by costs to exit lease agreements, employee termination costs, retail store fixed asset impairments, and other closure costs. however, we do not expect to continue incurring significant incremental store closure costs, primarily because the majority of our remaining store closures are expected to occur as store leases expire to avoid incurring additional lease termination costs.
•   we expect our e-commerce business will continue to be a driver of long-term growth, although we expect that the year-over-year growth rate will decline over time as the size of our e-commerce business increases.
•   for the ugg brand, and within the north american wholesale channel, we plan on implementing an allocation and segmentation approach to distribution around the ugg brand classics franchise.
•   we believe consumers are buying product closer to the particular wearing occasion ("buy now, wear now"), which tends to shorten the purchasing windows for weather-dependent product. not only does this trend impact our dtc business, we believe it is also impacting the purchasing behavior of our large wholesale customers. in particular, these customers appear to be shortening their purchasing windows to address the evolving behavior of retail consumers and to manage their own product inventory.
•   foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations have the potential to cause variations in our operating results. while we seek to hedge some of the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, these changes are largely outside of our control. we expect these changes will continue to impact the future purchasing patterns of our customers as well as our operating results.
segment overview ugg brand. the ugg brand is one of the most iconic and recognized brands in our industry which highlights our successful track record of building niche brands into lifestyle market leaders. with loyal consumers around the world, the ugg brand has proven to be a highly resilient line of premium footwear, apparel and accessories with expanded product offerings and a growing global audience that attracts women, men, and children.
•   diversification of our ugg brand product lines, including women's spring and summer, men's, and lifestyle offerings. these efforts are part of our strategy of product diversification to decrease our reliance on sheepskin and mitigate the impacts of seasonality.
•   continued enhancement of our omni-channel and digital capabilities to enable us to better engage existing and prospective consumers and expose them to our brands.
teva brand. for over 30 years, the teva brand has fueled the expression of freedom. the teva brand pioneered the sport sandal category in 1984 and now is a leader within the sport sandal and modern outdoor lifestyle categories.
during calendar year 2017, we began to leverage elements, including particular styles, of the ahnu brand under the teva brand. effective as of the beginning of fiscal year 2018, operations for the ahnu brand were discontinued and certain remaining styles are sold under the teva brand. results for the former ahnu brand are now reported in the teva brand wholesale reportable operating segment instead of the other brands wholesale reportable operating segment, as presented in the prior period.
sanuk brand. the sanuk brand was founded 20 years ago, and from its origins in the southern california surf culture, has emerged into a brand with a presence in the relaxed casual shoe and sandal categories. the sanuk brand's use of unexpected materials and unconventional constructions, combined with its fun and playful branding, are key elements of the brand's identity.
other brands. our other brands consist of the hoka and koolaburra brands. the hoka brand is a line of running footwear and apparel that offers maximal cushioning with minimal weight and is designed for runners of all capacities. the hoka brand is quickly becoming a top brand in the domestic run specialty channel and has received strong word-of-mouth marketing that has fueled both domestic and international sales growth. the koolaburra brand is a line of fashion casual footwear using sheepskin and other plush materials.
direct-to-consumer. our dtc business is comprised of our retail stores and e-commerce websites. as a result of our evolving omni-channel strategy, we believe that our retail stores and websites are intertwined and
interdependent. we believe that many consumers interact with both our brick and mortar stores and our websites before making purchasing decisions.
our retail stores are predominantly ugg brand concept stores and ugg brand outlet stores. through our outlet stores, we sell some of our discontinued styles from prior seasons, full price in-line products, as well as products made specifically for the outlet stores. at march 31, 2018, we had a total of 165 retail stores worldwide, which includes 98 concept stores and 67 outlet stores. during the year ended march 31, 2018, we opened six concept and six outlet stores, and closed seven stores, which included conversions of owned outlet and concept stores to partner retail stores. although we had a net increase in store count year-over-year, management continues to target an overall reduction in our worldwide retail store count to approximately 125 owned stores through store closures and transfers to partner retail stores in china, under our restructuring plan, discussed above. included in the total count of retail stores worldwide are concession stores, which are concept stores that are operated by us within a department or other store, which we lease from the store owner by paying a percentage of concession store sales. in certain countries, such as china, we rely on partner retail stores, which are branded stores that are wholly-owned and operated by third parties and not included in the total count of worldwide company-owned retail stores. when a partner retail store is opened or a store is converted into a partner retail store, the store becomes wholly-owned and operated by third parties and related sales are recorded in our ugg and sanuk brands wholesale reportable operating segment.
our e-commerce business provides us with an opportunity to communicate a consistent brand message to customers that is in line with our brands' promises, drives awareness of key brand initiatives, offers targeted information to specific consumer demographics, and drives consumers to our retail stores. at march 31, 2018, we operated our e-commerce business through an aggregate of 22 company-owned websites in nine different countries.
use of non-gaap measures in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed during the relevant periods, excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, throughout this annual report on form 10-k we provide certain financial information on a "constant currency basis," which is in addition to the financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (us gaap). in order to calculate our constant currency information, we calculate the current period financial information using the foreign currency exchange rates that were in effect during the previous comparable period, excluding the effects of foreign currency exchange rate hedges and re-measurements. we believe that evaluating certain financial and operating measures on a constant currency basis is important as it facilitates comparison of our current financial performance to our historical financial performance, excluding the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations that are not indicative of our core operating results and are largely outside of our control. constant currency measures should not be considered in isolation as an alternative to us dollar measures that reflect current period exchange rates or to other financial measures presented in accordance with us gaap.
we report comparable dtc sales on a constant currency basis for combined retail stores and e-commerce businesses that were open throughout the reporting period in both the current year and prior year. there may be variations in the way that we calculate comparable dtc sales as compared to some of our competitors and other retailers. as a result, information included in this annual report on form 10-k regarding our comparable dtc sales may not be directly comparable to similar data made available by our competitors or other retailers.
seasonality our business is seasonal, with the highest percentage of ugg brand net sales occurring in the quarters ending september 30th and december 31st and the highest percentage of teva and sanuk brand net sales occurring in the quarters ending march 31st and june 30th of each year. with the size of the ugg brand relative to our other brands, net sales in the quarters ending september 30th and december 31st have significantly exceeded net sales in the quarters ending march 31st and june 30th.
refer to note 14, "quarterly summary of information (unaudited)," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our results of operations by quarterly period.
results of operations year ended march 31, 2018 compared to year ended march 31, 2017
the following table summarizes our results of operations:
2018                                                                              2017                                                                       change amount             %                   amount               %                 amount                   %
cost of sales                                        971,697           51.1                 954,912             53.3               (16,785    )            (1.8   )
gross profit                                         931,642           48.9                 835,235             46.7                96,407                 11.5
income tax expense (benefit)                         106,302            5.6                 (12,696    )        (0.7   )          (118,998    )          (937.3   )
2018                                                   2017                                                    change amount                   amount                 amount                %
the increase in consolidated net sales was largely due to higher ugg, other brand, teva wholesale and overall dtc sales. during the year ended march 31, 2018, we experienced an increase in pairs sold of 4.1% to 32,700 compared to 31,400 during the prior period. on a constant currency basis, net sales increased 6.1% during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to the prior period.
wholesale net sales of our ugg brand increased primarily due to an increase in weighted-average selling price per pair (waspp), as well as an increase in apparel and home goods sales. the increase in waspp was approximately $8,000, driven by fewer closeout sales. further, we experienced an increase of approximately $7,000 in apparel and home goods sales compared to the prior period. on a constant currency basis, wholesale net sales of our ugg brand increased 2.3% during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to the prior period.
wholesale net sales of our teva brand increased primarily due to a higher waspp of approximately $13,000, primarily attributable to changes in product mix and fewer closeout sales.
wholesale net sales of our sanuk brand remained relatively flat with a slight increase in volume of pairs sold.
wholesale net sales of our other brands increased due to a higher volume of pairs sold of approximately $33,000 driven by the growth of the hoka brand.
dtc net sales increased 7.4% compared to the prior period, largely due to growth in our e-commerce business. the increase in total dtc net sales was primarily due to a higher volume of pairs sold of approximately $68,000, partially offset by a decrease in waspp of approximately $28,000. the decrease in waspp was due to higher discounted sales through ugg closet, our limited e-commerce outlet offering, as well as changes in product mix in our retail stores. further, we experienced an increase in ugg brand apparel and home goods sales of approximately $9,000 compared to the prior period. on a constant currency basis, dtc net sales increased 6.2% during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to the prior period.
comparable dtc net sales for the 52 weeks ended april 1, 2018 increased 7.0% on a constant currency basis compared to the same period in fiscal year 2017. the increase in comparable dtc net sales was due to growth in e-commerce, partially offset by a decline in sales at our retail stores.
international sales, which are included in the reportable operating segment sales presented above, increased by 12.4%. international sales represented 38.3% and 36.2% of total net sales for the years ended march 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in international sales was primarily due to higher sales for the ugg and hoka brands in europe and asia. on a constant currency basis, international sales increased 9.2% during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to the prior period.
gross profit. gross margin was 48.9% for the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to 46.7% for the year ended march 31, 2017. the increase in gross margin was primarily driven by lower input costs as we execute our supply chain initiatives through our operating profit improvement plan, a higher proportion of full-priced selling partly due to favorable weather conditions, as well as favorable foreign currency fluctuations compared to the prior period.
•   significantly decreased impairment and depreciation costs of approximately $138,000, primarily due to the impairment charge for the sanuk brand wholesale reportable operating segment goodwill and patent in the amount of approximately $118,000, as well as retail store and other long-lived asset impairment charges incurred in the prior period;
•   increased payroll costs of approximately $38,000, primarily due to higher performance-based compensation, as well as time-based stock awards of approximately $35,000, and costs for our in-house converted sales team;
•   decreased commission expenses of approximately $23,000, primarily due to the conversion of sales agent agreements to an in-house sales team in the prior period, partially offset by the increased payroll costs discussed above;
•   increased costs associated with our proxy contest of approximately $8,500;
•   decreased foreign currency losses of approximately $8,300, due to favorable exchange rates for european and asian currencies in the current period, partially offset by higher realized losses on hedging instruments on foreign currency exchange rate forward contracts compared to the prior period;
•   decreased professional and consulting service costs of approximately $8,000, primarily driven by costs savings initiatives as well as lower restructuring charges related to corporate reorganization cost compared to the prior period;
•   increased warehouse-related expenses of approximately $6,000, primarily due to new north american third party logistic provider (3pl) costs and higher warehouse costs in europe in the current period;
•   decreased rent and occupancy expenses of approximately $7,000, primarily due to fewer retail stores and related costs, including restructuring charges for lease termination costs incurred in the prior period;
•   increased advertising, promotion, and other operating expenses of approximately $2,900, primarily due to increased international investment compared to the prior period; and
•   increased bad debt expense of approximately $1,300, primarily due to recent payment history on an unsettled customer account in the current period.
income (loss) from operations. the following table summarizes operating income (loss) from operations by reportable operating segment:
2018                                            2017                                                     change amount                 amount                 amount                   %
the increase in total income from operations primarily resulted from higher sales at higher gross margins, as well as lower overall sg&a expenses, primarily driven by approximately $138,000 of impairment charges incurred in the prior period, as described above.
the increase in income from operations of ugg brand wholesale was due to higher sales at higher gross margins.
the increase in income from operations of teva brand wholesale was due to higher sales at higher gross margins.
the increase in income from operations of sanuk brand wholesale was primarily due to impairment charges for goodwill and long-lived assets incurred in the prior period, as well as higher sales at higher gross margins in the current period.
the increase in income from operations of other brands wholesale was due to higher hoka brand sales, partially offset by higher sg&a expenses, primarily driven by higher variable selling and marketing expenses.
the increase in income from operations of dtc was primarily due to overall higher sales in our e-commerce business and lower sg&a expenses, primarily driven by lower restructuring charges for retail stores compared to the prior period, as well as net realized cost savings due to our operating profit improvement plan.
the increase in unallocated overhead costs was primarily due to higher performance-based compensation and warehouse and 3pl costs, net of cost savings realized from our operating profit improvement plan, partially offset by favorable fluctuations in european and asian exchange rates. the increase in performance-based compensation of
approximately $17,000 compared to the prior period is due to performance criteria associated with certain compensatory awards being achieved in the current period. the increase in warehouse costs of approximately $10,000 compared to the prior period was driven by the re-allocation of european warehouse costs from the wholesale channel to unallocated overhead costs based on a determination that the warehouses support multiple reportable operating segments, as well as a new north american 3pl.
refer to note 12, "reportable operating segments," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further discussion on the nature of our reportable operating segments.
other expense, net. the decrease in total other expense, net, was primarily due to a decrease in interest expense as a result of lower average balances outstanding under our revolving credit facilities during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to the prior period.
income tax expense (benefit)      $106,302                  $(12,696   )
the change in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the impacts from the enactment of the tax reform act during the year ended march 31, 2018, partially offset by the impact of non-recurring restructuring charges and non-cash impairment charges recognized during the year ended march 31, 2017. of the total income tax expense recorded during the year ended march 31, 2018, $14,395 was recorded for the re-measurement of our deferred tax assets to the lower enacted us federal tax rates in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). additionally, we recorded provisional us federal and state tax estimates for the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation of foreign earnings of $59,114, including discrete tax impacts of $46,405 related to foreign earnings and profits generated prior to april 1, 2017. these provisional estimates were offset by a benefit of $2,502 due to the reduction of the us federal income tax rate from 35% to 31.5%. for further details on the impacts of the tax reform act and the related provisional estimates recorded to income tax expense during the year ended march 31, 2018, refer to note 5, "income taxes," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k.
our effective tax rate was further impacted by the change in the jurisdictional mix of worldwide income before income taxes during the year ended march 31, 2018. the change in jurisdictional mix was primarily related to an increase in foreign income before income taxes relative to worldwide income before income taxes compared to the prior period.
foreign income before income taxes was $149,214 and $63,011 and worldwide income (loss) before income taxes was $220,696 and $(6,986) during the years ended march 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the increase in foreign income before income taxes was primarily due to a larger proportionate increase in foreign sales and a reduction of foreign operating expenses during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to the prior period. the increase in foreign income before income taxes as a percentage of worldwide income before income taxes was primarily due to the impact of the sanuk brand goodwill and patent impairment charges to domestic and worldwide income recorded during the prior period.
for the year ended march 31, 2018, we generated approximately $4,129 of pre-tax earnings from one country which does not impose a corporate income tax compared to $21,569 during the prior period. unremitted earnings of non-us subsidiaries for which we have not recognized the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax are currently expected to be reinvested outside of the us indefinitely. such earnings would become taxable upon the sale or liquidation of these subsidiaries or upon the remittance of taxable dividends. as of march 31, 2018, we had approximately $203,032 of cash and cash equivalents outside the us that would be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes if it were to be repatriated.
we expect that our foreign income or loss before income taxes, as well as our effective tax rate, will continue to fluctuate from period to period based on several factors, including the outcome of our retail store and fleet optimization, the impact of internal savings initiatives, the impact of our global product sourcing organization, our actual financial and operating results from sales generated in domestic and foreign markets, and changes in domestic and foreign tax laws (or in the application or interpretation of those laws). in particular, we believe that the continuing evolution and
expansion of our brands, our continuing strategy of enhancing product diversification, and the expected growth from our international dtc business, will result in increases in foreign income before income taxes both in absolute terms and as a percentage of worldwide income before income taxes. in addition, we believe that our effective tax rate will continue to be impacted by our actual foreign income before income taxes relative to our actual worldwide income before income taxes.
net income. our net income increased primarily due to higher sales and gross margins, as well as lower sg&a expenses primarily driven by lower impairment and restructuring charges, described above, partially offset by higher income tax expense driven by the enactment of the tax reform act. our net income per share increased due to higher net income and lower weighted average common shares outstanding.
other comprehensive income. other comprehensive income increased primarily due to higher foreign currency translation gains driven by changes in our net asset position and european and asian exchange rates during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to the prior period.
results of operations year ended march 31, 2017 compared to year ended march 31, 2016
the following table summarizes our results of operations:
2017                                                                                2016                                                                    change amount               %                   amount             %                 amount                  %
cost of sales                                        954,912             53.3               1,028,529           54.8                73,617                7.2
gross profit                                         835,235             46.7                 846,668           45.2               (11,433    )          (1.4   )
income tax (benefit) expense                         (12,696    )        (0.7   )              34,620            1.9                47,316              136.7
2017                                                   2016                                                     change amount                   amount                 amount                 %
the decrease in overall net sales was largely due to lower ugg, teva, and sanuk brands wholesale sales, which was partially offset by increased other brand wholesale and dtc sales. we experienced a decrease of 2.3% in overall waspp, primarily driven by a decrease in waspp for the ugg brand, which drove the overall decrease in wholesale sales. we also experienced a decrease in the number of pairs sold in our ugg, teva, and sanuk brands which contributed to an overall decrease in volume of footwear sold for all brands of 2.2% to approximately 31,400 pairs sold for the year ended march 31, 2017 from approximately 32,100 pairs for the year ended march 31, 2016. the decrease was largely attributable to lower north american ugg brand wholesale sales. in addition, we experienced reduced wholesale sales in europe during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 as a result of our transition to the new european 3pl. on a constant currency basis, overall net sales decreased 4.1% to approximately $1,800,300 in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016.
wholesale net sales of our ugg brand decreased due to a decline in waspp and in the volume of pairs sold. the decrease in waspp had an impact of approximately $75,000, and was primarily attributable to changes in product mix and a higher proportion of international closeout sales at lower prices relative to the prior period. the decrease in waspp was slightly offset by a shift in channel mix to dtc. the decrease in the volume of pairs sold had an impact of approximately $31,000, primarily attributable to lower north american wholesale sales. these decreases were partially offset by positive impacts from lower sales allowances or reserves and chargebacks due to lower sales and less promotional activity compared to the prior period. on a constant currency basis, wholesale net sales of our ugg brand decreased 9.7% to approximately $829,800 in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016.
wholesale net sales of our teva brand decreased largely due to a decrease in the volume of pairs sold, partially offset by a slight net increase in waspp. the decrease in the volume of pairs sold had an impact of approximately
wholesale net sales of our sanuk brand decreased primarily due to a decrease in the volume of pairs sold and a decrease in waspp. the decrease in the volume of pairs sold had an impact of approximately $9,000. the decrease in waspp had an impact of approximately $4,200, which was primarily due to lower prices on closeout sales and a shift in product mix.
wholesale net sales of our other brands increased primarily due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold, offset by a decrease in waspp. the increase in volume of pairs sold had an impact of approximately $22,000 primarily driven by growth in the hoka and koolaburra brands, partially offset by a decrease in the discontinued brands' volume of pairs sold. the decrease in waspp had an impact of approximately $5,000 due to a shift in product mix.
dtc net sales increased 3.4% to $666,340 primarily due to an increase in net sales from our e-commerce business of approximately $29,200, offset by a decrease in net sales from our retail store business of approximately $7,200. the increase in total dtc net sales was largely due to an increase in the volume of pairs sold of approximately $78,500 due to growth in e-commerce, offset by a decrease in waspp with an impact of approximately $50,500. the decrease in waspp was due to a shift in product mix. on a constant currency basis, dtc net sales increased 4.5% to approximately $673,800 in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016.
comparable dtc net sales for the 52 weeks ended april 2, 2017 increased 2.6% on a constant currency basis to approximately $520,500 compared to the same period in fiscal year 2016. the increase in comparable dtc net sales was primarily due to improved growth in e-commerce worldwide, partially offset by a decline in sales at our retail stores.
international sales, which are included in the reportable operating segment sales presented above, decreased by 1.0%. international sales represented 36.2% and 35.0% of worldwide net sales for the years ended march 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease in international sales was due to lower wholesale sales for the ugg and teva brands in europe and the ugg and sanuk brands in asia. on a constant currency basis, international sales increased 1.6% to approximately $666,100 in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016.
gross profit. gross margin was 46.7% for fiscal year 2017 compared to 45.2% for fiscal year 2016. the overall improvement in gross margin was driven by a higher proportion of dtc net sales and lower material costs, changes in product mix, decreased domestic promotional activity, and the lower impact of closeout sales compared to the prior period. this was slightly offset by the strengthening of the us dollar.
•   impairment charges for the sanuk brand wholesale reportable operating segment's goodwill and patent of approximately $118,000;
•   increased other payroll expenses of approximately $7,300, primarily attributable to costs related to transitioning warehouse and customer service locations and less capitalization of labor costs associated with the business transformation project;
•   increased commission expenses of approximately $6,300, largely driven by terminations of sales agent agreements;
•   increased professional service costs of approximately $6,000, including restructuring charges for consulting services and other outside services;
•   increased depreciation expenses for it-related assets for our business transformation project of approximately $6,000;
•   increased other operating expenses of approximately $4,600, primarily driven by innovation and design costs and outside services, as well as third party management fees for asian operations in the e-commerce business;
•   increased expenses of approximately $4,500 due to contingent consideration credits taken in fiscal year 2016 that are not recurring in fiscal year 2017;
•   impairment charges for it-related long-lived assets and related maintenance contract termination costs of approximately $3,400, included in restructuring charges;
•   increased warehouse expenses of approximately $2,100, largely driven by costs related to closing and transitioning 3pl warehouses;
•   decreased bad debt expense of approximately $2,500, due to fewer delinquent customer accounts in the current period; and
•   decreased occupancy and rent expense of approximately $1,700 due to higher restructuring charges incurred for retail store closures and office consolidations in the prior period.
(loss) income from operations. the following table summarizes operating (loss) income by reportable operating segment:
2017                                            2016                       change amount                 amount       amount                            %
the increase in loss from operations resulted from lower sales and higher overall sg&a expenses, primarily driven by the impairment and restructuring charges described above. these factors were partially offset by higher overall gross margins attributable to reduced material costs and changes in product mix, decreased promotional activity, and the lower impact of closeout sales compared to the prior period.
the decrease in income from operations of ugg brand wholesale was primarily the result of lower sales.
the decrease in income from operations of teva brand wholesale was due to lower sales.
the decrease in income from operations of sanuk brand wholesale was primarily due to impairment charges for goodwill and long-lived assets of approximately $118,000, as described above, as well as lower sales and lower gross margins.
the increase in income from operations of other brands wholesale was due to higher sales and improved gross margins primarily attributable to the hoka and koolaburra brands, offset by higher sg&a expenses driven by higher selling and marketing costs.
the increase in income from operations of dtc was primarily due to higher sales and improved gross margins in our e-commerce business, offset by higher sg&a expenses driven by impairment charges for retail store assets for stores that have been identified for closure, as described above.
unallocated overhead costs increased due to restructuring charges, as described above, slightly offset by lower performance-based compensation expenses and fluctuations in various foreign currencies.
other expense, net. the increase in total other expense, net was primarily due to an increase in interest expense as a result of the higher average balances outstanding under our revolving credit facilities compared to fiscal year 2016.
income taxes. income tax (benefit) expense and the effective income tax rates were as follows:
income tax (benefit) expense   $(12,696      )             $34,620
the change in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the domestic net operating loss generated during the year ended march 31, 2017, driven by the impact of domestic restructuring charges and non-cash impairment charges, as discussed above, as well as a decrease in domestic net sales, and a decrease in the compensation earned by our foreign-based global product sourcing organization.
foreign income before income taxes was $63,011 and $105,938 and worldwide (loss) income before income taxes was $(6,986) and $156,885 for the years ended march 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively. the decrease in foreign income before income taxes was primarily due to an increase in foreign operating expenses related to restructuring charges and a decrease in compensation earned by our foreign-based global product sourcing organization during fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016. foreign income before income taxes, as a percentage of worldwide loss before taxes, increased primarily due to the recording of domestic non-cash impairment charges, as discussed above, as well as a decrease in domestic sales during fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016.
for fiscal year 2017, we generated approximately $21,569 of our pre-tax earnings from one country which does not impose a corporate income tax compared to $35,402 during fiscal year 2016.
net income. our net income decreased primarily due to lower sales and higher sg&a expenses attributable to the impairment and restructuring charges discussed above, offset by higher gross margins. our net income per share decreased due to lower net income, partially offset by a slightly lower number of weighted-average common shares outstanding.
other comprehensive loss. other comprehensive loss increased as a result of increased foreign currency translation losses driven by changes in exchange rates for asian and european currencies during fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016.
liquidity we finance our working capital and operating needs using a combination of our cash and cash equivalents balances, cash generated from ongoing operating activities and borrowings under our revolving credit facilities, as needed.
our working capital requirements begin when we purchase, or make deposits on, raw materials and inventories and continue until we ultimately collect the resulting receivables. given the seasonality of our business, our working capital requirements fluctuate significantly throughout the year. the seasonality of our ugg brand business requires us to build fall and winter inventories in the quarters ending june 30th and september 30th to support our major selling seasons, which historically occur during the quarters ending september 30th and december 31st; whereas the teva and sanuk brands build inventory levels beginning in the quarters ending december 31st and march 31st in anticipation of the spring selling season that occurs in the quarters ending march 31st and june 30th.
we believe that our cash and cash equivalents balances, cash generated from operations, and available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities, as governed by our second amended and restated credit agreement with jpmorgan chase bank, national association, as amended (domestic credit facility), our revolving credit facility in china (as amended, china credit facility), and our revolving credit facility in japan (japan credit facility) will provide sufficient liquidity to enable us to meet our working capital requirements for at least the next 12 months.
pursuant to the tax reform act, we recorded approximately $59,114 of us federal and state income taxes on approximately $627,787 of undistributed earnings from our non-us subsidiaries through december 31, 2017. during the quarter ended march 31, 2018, a cash distribution of $250,000 was repatriated to the us from a foreign subsidiary and we recorded a state income tax provision of $607. no foreign withholding taxes were required. the total income tax expense recorded also includes a deferred state liability of $927 for all undistributed earnings through december 31, 2017.
as of march 31, 2018, we reported approximately $385,884 of undistributed earnings from our non-us subsidiaries, of which $203,032 relates to cash that could be subject to foreign withholding taxes if repatriated. during the fourth quarter ended march 31, 2018, we earned approximately $15,389 from our non-us subsidiaries that is not subject to the one-time mandatory deemed repatriation tax and for which no taxes have been provided. we anticipate making future cash distributions only from undistributed earnings that have been or will be subject to us tax. any remaining earnings balance that has not already been subject to us income tax is expected to be reinvested outside of the us indefinitely as it is required to fund ongoing foreign operations. due to the complexities in the laws of foreign jurisdictions and assumptions that would have to be made, it is not practicable to estimate the amount of foreign withholding taxes associated with such unremitted earnings.
we are evaluating our capital allocation strategy and considering further opportunities to put global cash to use in a way that will profitably grow our business and drive stockholder value, including by repurchasing our stock. our cash repatriation strategy, and by extension, our liquidity, may be impacted by a number of additional considerations, which include clarifications of or changes to the tax reform act, including the issuance of final regulations, timing and amount of any additional tax liabilities relating to the tax reform act, additional accounting or regulatory guidance, our ongoing analysis, which may result in changes to various assumptions underlying the estimates, and our actual earnings for current and future fiscal periods.
our liquidity may be impacted by additional factors, including our operating results, brand perception, unexpected weather conditions, our ability to respond to changes in consumer preferences in the retail environment, collect our receivables in a timely manner and effectively manage our inventories. furthermore, we may require additional cash resources due to changing business conditions, economic recession, or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue, although we do not have any present commitments with respect to any acquisitions. if our existing sources of liquidity are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to borrow under our existing borrowing arrangements, seek new borrowing arrangements, or sell additional debt or equity securities. the sale of convertible debt or equity securities could result in additional dilution to our stockholders, and equity securities may have rights or preferences that are superior to those of our existing stockholders. the incurrence of additional indebtedness would result in additional debt service obligations that could result in operating and financial covenants that would restrict our operations and could further encumber our assets. in addition, there can be no assurance that any additional financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
capital resources domestic credit facility. the domestic credit facility is a five-year, $400,000 secured revolving credit facility which matures on november 13, 2019. as of march 31, 2018 and through may 25, 2018, we had no outstanding balance, outstanding letters of credit of $549, and available borrowings of $399,451 under our domestic credit facility.
china credit facility. the china credit facility is an uncommitted revolving line of credit of up to cny 300,000, or $47,760. as of march 31, 2018 and through may 25, 2018, we had no outstanding balance and available borrowings of $47,760 under our china credit facility.
japan credit facility. the japan credit facility is an uncommitted revolving line of credit of up to jpy 5,500,000, or $51,700, for a maximum term of six months for each draw on the facility. as of march 31, 2018 and through may 25, 2018, we had no outstanding balance and available borrowings of $51,700 under our japan credit facility. we have renewed the japan credit facility through january 31, 2019 under the terms of the original agreement.
mortgage. as of march 31, 2018, we had an outstanding principal balance under the mortgage secured by our corporate headquarters property of $32,082. the loan will mature and require a balloon payment in the amount of $23,700 on july 1, 2029, in addition to any then-outstanding balance.
debt covenants. at march 31, 2018 and through may 25, 2018, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under our borrowing arrangements.
refer to note 6, "revolving credit facilities and mortgage payable," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our borrowing arrangements.
net cash provided by operating activities      $327,351              $199,330              $125,813
operating activities. our primary source of liquidity is net cash provided by operating activities, which is primarily driven by our net income or loss, other cash receipts and expenditure adjustments and changes in working capital.
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities during fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to the $131,684 positive change in operating assets and liabilities partially offset by the net change in net income after non-cash adjustments of $3,663. operating assets and liabilities provided positive operating cash flows primarily from the following activities: (1) $59,105 increase in long-term income tax liability related to the tax reform act; (2) $29,030 increase in accrued expenses related to performance-based compensation and other liabilities; (3) $28,330 reduction in income tax receivable due to timing; and (4) $12,106 improved trade accounts receivable.
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to (1) lower net income compared to fiscal year 2016, (2) the net impact of changes in non-cash impairment charges and related deferred tax positions, as well as additional restructuring charges, and (3) positive changes in working capital compared to the prior period primarily for inventory and accounts receivable. the change in cash used for inventory was lower compared to the prior period due to lower sales offset by improved inventory management. the change in accounts receivable levels relates to lower accounts receivable balances compared to the prior period due to lower wholesale sales and timing differences for collections.
wholesale channel trade accounts receivable turnover increased to 6.2 times during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to 6.0 during the year ended march 31, 2017, due to higher wholesale sales, partially offset by the impact of higher average accounts receivable balances. inventory turnover increased to 2.4 times during the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to 2.2 times during the year ended march 31, 2017, due to lower average inventory levels and higher costs of sales due to higher sales compared to the prior period.
investing activities. the decrease in net cash used in investing activities during fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was due to lower capital expenditures for property and equipment primarily driven by lower expenditures on real property acquisitions, retail stores and showrooms, as well as it infrastructure and improvements, partially offset by higher warehouse build-out costs associated with the expansion of our warehouse and distribution center located in moreno valley, california.
the decrease in net cash used in investing activities in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to fewer capital expenditures for the business transformation project implementation and business acquisition costs compared to the prior period, as well as the winding down of the build out of our new retail stores and lower costs for purchases of computer hardware and equipment. this was partially offset by the purchase of land adjacent to our corporate headquarters campus during fiscal year 2017.
financing activities. the increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 was primarily due to larger stock repurchases, partially offset by lower net borrowings and repayments of short-term borrowings and the final sanuk brand contingent consideration payment being made in the prior period.
the increase in net cash used in financing activities in fiscal year 2017 compared to fiscal year 2016 was primarily due to higher net borrowings and repayments of short-term borrowings, as well as repurchases of our common stock and cash paid for contingent consideration related to the sanuk brand acquisition.
refer to note 8, "stockholders' equity," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our stock repurchase programs and activity.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations at march 31, 2018 and the effects such obligations are expected to have on liquidity and cash flow in future periods:
payments due by period total             less than1 year               1-3 years             3-5 years       more than5 years operating lease obligations (1)               $336,545                 $54,836                   $96,724               $72,776             $112,209
net unrecognized tax benefits (6)                9,238                       -                     3,722                 5,516             -
(1)   our operating lease commitments consist primarily of building leases for our retail locations, distribution centers, and regional offices, and include the cash lease payments of deferred rents.
(2)   our purchase obligations for product consist mostly of open purchase orders. outstanding purchase orders are primarily with our third-party manufacturers and most are expected to be paid within one year. we can cancel a significant portion of the purchase obligations under certain circumstances; however, the occurrence of such circumstances is generally limited. as a result, the amount does not necessarily reflect the dollar amount of our binding commitments or minimum purchase obligations, and instead reflects an estimate of our future payment obligations based on information currently available.
(3)   our purchase obligations for sheepskin represent remaining commitments under existing supply agreements for sheepskin, which are subject to minimum volume commitments. we expect that purchases made by us under these agreements in the ordinary course of business will eventually exceed the minimum commitment levels.
(4)   our other purchase obligations generally consist of non-cancellable minimum commitments for capital expenditures, obligations under service contracts and requirements to pay promotional expenses. our promotional expenditures and service contracts are due periodically during fiscal years 2019 through 2021.
as of march 31, 2018, we had approximately $5,514 of commitments for future capital expenditures primarily related to our continued build-out and expansion of our warehouse and distribution center located in moreno valley, california. we estimate that the capital expenditures for fiscal year 2019, including the aforementioned commitments, will not exceed $35,000 to $40,000. however, the actual amount of our future capital expenditures may differ significantly from this estimate depending on the timing of facility openings, as well as unforeseen needs to replace existing assets and the timing of other expenditures.
(5)   our mortgage obligation consists of a mortgage secured by our corporate headquarters property. payments represent principal and interest amounts. refer to note 6, "revolving credit facilities and mortgage payable," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our mortgage obligation and payments.
(6)   net unrecognized tax benefits are related to uncertain tax positions taken in our income tax return that would impact the effective tax rate, if recognized. refer to note 5, "income taxes," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our uncertain tax positions.
refer to note 7, "commitments and contingencies," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our operating leases, purchase obligations, capital expenditures, and other contractual obligations and commitments.
impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations had an incremental positive impact on the year ended march 31, 2018 compared to an incremental negative impact on the years ended march 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
refer to "results of operations," above, as well as the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss), and note 9, "foreign currency exchange rate contracts and hedging," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on the impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations.
critical accounting policies and estimates management must make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and notes, based upon historical experience, existing and known circumstances, authoritative accounting pronouncements and other factors that management believes to be reasonable, but actual results could differ materially from these estimates. management believes the following critical accounting estimates are most significantly affected by judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto: allowances for doubtful accounts, estimated returns liability, sales discounts and customer chargebacks; inventory valuations; valuation of goodwill, intangible and other long-lived assets; and performance-based stock compensation.
refer to note 1, "general," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of our significant accounting policies and use of estimates, as well as the impact of recent accounting pronouncements.
revenue recognition. we recognize wholesale and international distributor revenue when products are shipped or delivered, depending on the contract terms, e-commerce revenue on delivery, and retail revenue at the point of sale. all sales are recognized when the customer takes title and assumes risk of loss, collection of the related receivable is reasonably assured, persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, and the sales price is fixed or determinable. for wholesale and international distributor sales, allowances for estimated returns, discounts, chargebacks, and bad debts are provided for when related revenue is recognized, as discussed below. for dtc sales, a sales return liability for estimated returns is provided for when related revenue is recognized. amounts billed for shipping and handling costs are recorded as a component of net sales, while the related costs paid to third-party shipping companies are recorded as cost of sales. revenue is presented net of initial direct costs, including fees and taxes (for example, sales taxes, use taxes, value-added taxes, and some types of excise taxes). taxes are collected from customers and remitted directly to governmental authorities.
as of march 31,
amount               % of gross                 amount           % of grosstrade accountsreceivable trade accounts receivable gross trade accounts receivable      $177,166               100.0         %          $190,997                         100.0                   %
amount           % of net sales                  amount           % of net sales wholesale net sales               $223,127               100.0         %           $219,116               100.0         %
allowance for doubtful accounts. we provide an allowance against trade accounts receivable for estimated losses that may result from customers' inability to pay. we determine the amount of the allowance by analyzing known uncollectible accounts, aged trade accounts receivable, economic conditions and forecasts, historical experience and the customers' credit-worthiness. trade accounts receivable that are subsequently determined to be uncollectible are charged or written off against this allowance. the allowance includes specific allowances for trade accounts, of which all or a portion are identified as potentially uncollectible based on known or anticipated losses. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 1.0% change in the rate used to estimate the reserve for accounts which we consider to have credit risk and are not specifically identified as uncollectible would change the allowance for doubtful accounts at march 31, 2018 by approximately $1,000.
allowance for sales discounts. we provide an allowance for term discounts for our wholesale channel sales against trade accounts receivable, which reflects a discount that our customers may take, generally based upon meeting certain order, shipment and prompt or early payment terms. we use the amount of the discounts that are available to be taken against the period end trade accounts receivable to estimate and record a corresponding reserve for sales discounts.
allowance for chargebacks. we provide an allowance against chargebacks from wholesale customers. when customers pay their invoices, they may take deductions against their invoices that can include chargebacks for price differences, discounts, markdowns, short shipments and other reasons. therefore, we record an allowance for the balance of chargebacks that are outstanding as of the end of each period. this estimate is based on historical trends of the timing and amount of chargebacks taken against wholesale channel customer invoices.
allowance for sales returns. we record an allowance against trade accounts receivable for anticipated future returns of goods shipped prior to period end for our wholesale channel. generally, we allow returns for damaged or defective product. we base the amounts of the allowance on any approved customer requests for returns, historical returns experience, and any recent events that could results in a change from historical returns rates, among other factors. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 1.0% change in the rate used to estimate the percentage of sales expected to ultimately be returned would change the allowance for total returns at march 31, 2018 by approximately $2,000.
sales returns liability. we record a liability for anticipated future returns of goods shipped prior to period end for our dtc segment. in general, we have a policy whereby we accept returns from our customers, including for damaged or defective products, within 30 days for cash or credit for up to one year. we calculate the liability using a lag compared to the same prior period and consider historical returns experience and any recent events that could result in a change from historical returns rates, among other factors. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 1.0% change in the rate used to estimate sales expected to ultimately be returned would change the liability for total returns at march 31, 2018 by approximately $300.
inventory write-downs. we review inventory on a regular basis for excess, obsolete, and impaired inventory to evaluate write-downs to the lower of cost, market or net realizable value. inventories are stated at $299,602 and $298,851, net of inventory write-downs of $9,020 and $7,638 as of march 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. the amount of inventory write-downs as a percentage of gross inventories was 2.9% and 2.5% as of march 31, 2018 and 2017, respectively. our use of different estimates and assumptions could produce different financial results. for example, a 10.0% change in the estimated selling prices of our potentially obsolete inventory would change the inventory write-down reserve at march 31, 2018 by approximately $1,000.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets. we assess the impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on an annual basis. we also perform interim impairment assessments of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests indicate a potential impairment.
first we determine if, based on qualitative factors, it is more likely than not that an impairment exists. factors considered include historical financial performance, macroeconomic and industry conditions and the legal and regulatory environment. if the qualitative assessment indicates that it is more likely than not that an impairment exists, then a quantitative assessment is performed. the quantitative assessment requires an analysis of several best estimates and assumptions, including future sales and operating results, and other factors that could affect fair value or otherwise indicate potential impairment. we also consider the reporting units' projected ability to generate income from operations and positive cash flow in future periods, as well as perceived changes in consumer demand and acceptance of products, or factors impacting the industry generally. the fair value assessment could change materially if different estimates and assumptions were used.
during fiscal years 2018, 2017 and 2016, we performed our annual impairment assessment and evaluated the ugg and other brands' wholesale reportable operating segment goodwill at december 31st and evaluated our teva indefinite-lived trademarks at october 31st. based on the carrying amounts of the ugg and other brands' goodwill and teva brand indefinite-lived trademarks, each of the brands' actual fiscal year sales and operating results, and the brands' long-term forecasts of sales and operating results as of their evaluation dates, we concluded that these assets were not impaired.
during fiscal year 2017, we performed the annual impairment assessment of our sanuk brand wholesale reportable operating segment goodwill at october 31, 2016, with the assistance of a third party valuation firm. our assessment identified an indicator of impairment and we performed the following:
•   under step one of the impairment assessment, management concluded that the fair value of the sanuk brand wholesale reportable operating segment was below its carrying value, which was primarily the result of lower-than-forecasted sales, lower market multiples for non-athletic footwear and apparel, and a more limited view of international and domestic expansion opportunities for the brand given the changing retail environment.
•   under step two of the impairment assessment, management concluded that the fair value allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of the sanuk brand wholesale reportable operating segment, using a hypothetical allocation of assets, including net tangible and intangible assets, resulted in a non-cash impairment charge of $113,944, which was recognized in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017 and recorded in sg&amp;a expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
definite-lived intangible and other long-lived assets. definite-lived intangible and other long-lived assets, such as property and equipment and leasehold improvements, are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or asset group may not be recoverable. at least quarterly, the company evaluates factors that would necessitate an impairment assessment, which include a significant adverse change in the extent or manner in which an asset is used, a significant adverse change in legal factors or the business climate that could affect the value of the asset or a significant decline in the observable market value of an asset, among others.
when an impairment-triggering event has occurred, we test for recoverability of the asset group's carrying value using estimates of undiscounted future cash flows based on the existing service potential of the applicable asset group. in determining the service potential of a long-lived asset group, we consider the remaining useful life, cash-flow generating capacity, and physical output capacity. these estimates include the undiscounted future cash flows associated with future expenditures necessary to maintain the existing service potential. long-lived assets are grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. if impaired, the asset or asset group is written down to fair value based on either discounted future cash flows or appraised values. an impairment loss, if any, would only reduce the carrying amount of long-lived assets in the group based on the fair value of the asset group.
we did not identify any definite-lived intangible asset impairments during the years ended march 31, 2018 and 2016. however, during fiscal year 2017, and in connection with the goodwill impairment discussed above, we identified an impairment of the sanuk brand's amortizable patent. our analysis determined that the sanuk brand's amortizable patent was fully impaired as the sanuk sidewalk surfers utility patent had very limited value in the marketplace because of its limited ability to exclude others from creating similar products. as a result, we recognized a non-cash impairment charge to the patent of $4,086 in the sanuk wholesale reportable operating segment during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, which was recorded in sg&a expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income
(loss). we did not identify any additional impairments for sanuk brand's other definite-lived intangible assets during fiscal year 2017, as the undiscounted future cash flows associated with those assets exceeded their carrying values.
during the third quarter of fiscal year 2017, we also recognized an impairment for definite-lived intangible assets in the dtc reportable operating segment of $4,743, due to a decline in market rental rates for european retail stores, which was recorded in sg&a expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
further, during the years ended march 31, 2018, 2017, and 2016, we recognized impairment losses for other long-lived assets primarily for retail store related fixed assets and computer software of approximately $2,400, $11,300, and $19,000, respectively.
refer to note 1, "general," and note 3, "goodwill and other intangible assets," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our goodwill, intangible and other long-lived assets.
performance-based compensation. in accordance with applicable accounting guidance, we recognize performance-based compensation expense, including performance-based stock compensation and annual cash bonus compensation, when it is deemed probable that the applicable performance criteria will be met. performance-based compensation does not include time-based awards subject only to service-based conditions. we evaluate the probability of achieving the applicable performance criteria on a quarterly basis. our probability assessment can fluctuate from quarter to quarter as we assess our projected results against performance criteria. as a result, the related performance-based compensation expense we recognize may also fluctuate from period to period.
at the beginning of each fiscal year, our compensation committee reviews our operating results from the prior fiscal year, as well as the financial and strategic plan for future fiscal years. our compensation committee then establishes specific annual financial and strategic goals for each executive. vesting of performance-based stock compensation or recognition of cash bonus compensation is based on our achievement of certain targets for annual revenue, operating income, pre-tax income, and earnings per share, as well as achievement of pre-determined individual financial performance criteria that is tailored to individual employees based on their roles and responsibilities with us. the performance criteria, as well as our annual targets, differ each year and are based upon many factors, including our current business stage and strategies, our recent financial and operating performance, expected growth rates over the prior year's performance, business and general economic conditions and market and peer group analysis.
performance-based compensation expense increased approximately $32,700 during fiscal year 2018 compared to fiscal year 2017 as the performance criteria relating to our fiscal year 2018 performance-based stock compensation and cash bonuses were achieved. comparably, during fiscal year 2017, performance-based stock compensation expense decreased approximately $1,100 compared to fiscal year 2016 as the performance criteria in both periods were not achieved or were partially achieved, and accordingly, we reversed expense in each period for those awards. performance-based compensation expense is recorded in sg&a expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
refer to note 8, "stockholders' equity," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on our performance-based stock compensation.
income taxes. income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred taxes of a change in tax rates is recorded in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) in the period that includes the enactment date.
we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by analyzing our forecasted taxable income using both historical and projected future operating results, the reversal of existing temporary differences, taxable income in prior carry back years (if permitted) and the availability of tax planning strategies. a valuation allowance is required to be established unless management determines that it is more likely than not that we will ultimately realize the tax benefit associated with a deferred tax asset.
we are subject to income taxes in the us and foreign jurisdictions. we provide for income taxes at the current and future enacted tax rates and consistent with laws applicable in each taxing jurisdiction. we use a two-step approach for recognizing and measuring tax benefits taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and disclosures regarding uncertainties in income tax positions. some positions taken are subject to uncertainty about the merits of the position taken or the amount that would be ultimately sustained upon examination. the benefit of a tax position is recognized in the consolidated financial statements in the period during which we believe it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. tax positions that meet the more likely than not recognition threshold are measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon settlement. the portion of the benefit that exceeds the amount measured, as described above, is recorded as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the consolidated balance sheets, along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. we recognize interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within operating expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). while the validity of any tax position is a matter of tax law, the body of statutory, regulatory and interpretive guidance on the application of the law is complex and often ambiguous.
we determine on a regular basis the amount of undistributed earnings that will be indefinitely reinvested in our non-us operations. this assessment is based on the cash flow projections and operational and fiscal objectives of each of our us and foreign subsidiaries.
on december 22, 2017, the securities and exchange commission (sec) issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 (sab 118) which provides guidance on accounting for the impact of the tax reform act and provides a measurement period, which should not extend beyond one year from the enactment date, during which we may complete the accounting for the impacts of the tax reform act under accounting standard codification topic 740 (asc 740). in accordance with sab 118, we must reflect the income tax effects of the tax reform act in the reporting period in which the accounting under asc 740 is complete. any adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period will be recorded and disclosed in the reporting period in which the adjustment is determined. the complexity of the tax reform act could necessitate the need to use the full one year measurement period to adequately interpret, analyze and draw a conclusion about the tax reform act's effects on us as of the enactment date.
refer to note 5, "income taxes," of our consolidated financial statements in part iv of this annual report on form 10-k for further information on income taxes.