item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
references in this annual report on form 10-k to the terms "we," "our," "us," "anthem" or the "company" refer to anthem, inc., an indiana corporation, and, unless the context otherwise requires, its direct and indirect subsidiaries. references to the term "states" include the district of columbia, unless the context otherwise requires.
this management's discussion and analysis, or md&a, should be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we manage our operations through three reportable segments: commercial & specialty business, government business and other. we regularly evaluate the appropriateness of our reportable segments, particularly in light of organizational changes, merger and acquisition activity and changing laws and regulations. as a result, these reportable segments may change in the future.
our commercial & specialty business segment includes our local group, national accounts, individual and specialty businesses. business units in the commercial & specialty business segment offer fully-insured health products; provide a broad array of managed care services to self-funded customers including claims processing, underwriting, stop loss insurance, actuarial services, provider network access, medical cost management, disease management, wellness programs and other administrative services; and provide an array of specialty and other insurance products and services such as dental, vision, life and disability insurance benefits, radiology benefit management and analytics-driven personal healthcare guidance.
our government business segment includes our medicare and medicaid businesses, national government services, or ngs, and services provided to the federal government in connection with fep®. medicaid makes federal matching funds available to all states for the delivery of healthcare benefits to eligible individuals, principally those with incomes below specified levels who meet other state-specified requirements. medicaid is structured to allow each state to establish its own eligibility standards, benefits package, payment rates and program administration under broad federal guidelines. our medicare customers are medicare-eligible individual members age 65 and over who have enrolled in medicare advantage, a managed care alternative for the medicare program, who have purchased medicare supplement benefit coverage, some disabled members under age 65, or members of all ages with end stage renal disease. medicare supplement policies are sold to medicare recipients as supplements to the benefits they receive from the medicare program. rates are filed with, and in some cases approved by, state insurance departments. most of the premium for medicare advantage is paid directly by the federal government on behalf of the participant who may also be charged a small premium. additionally, through our alliance partnership engagements with larger provider groups and bcbs plans, we offer a variety of medicaid services that include joint ventures, administrative service offerings, and full-risk arrangements. ngs acts as a medicare contractor for the federal government in several regions across the nation.
our other segment includes other businesses that do not individually meet the quantitative thresholds for an operating segment as defined by financial accounting standards board, or fasb, guidance, as well as corporate expenses not allocated to either of our other reportable segments.
our operating revenue consists of premiums, administrative fees and other revenue. premium revenue comes from fully-insured contracts where we indemnify our policyholders against costs for covered health and life benefits. administrative fees come from contracts where our customers are self-insured, or where the fee is based on either processing of transactions or a percent of network discount savings realized. additionally, we earn administrative fee revenues from our medicare processing business and from other health-related businesses including disease management programs. other revenue includes miscellaneous income other than premium revenue and administrative fees.
our benefit expense primarily includes costs of care for health services consumed by our fully-insured members, such as outpatient care, inpatient hospital care, professional services (primarily physician care) and pharmacy benefit costs. all four components are affected both by unit costs and utilization rates. unit costs include the cost of outpatient medical procedures
per visit, inpatient hospital care per admission, physician fees per office visit and prescription drug prices. utilization rates represent the volume of consumption of health services and typically vary with the age and health status of our members and their social and lifestyle choices, along with clinical protocols and medical practice patterns in each of our markets. a portion of benefit expense recognized in each reporting period consists of actuarial estimates of claims incurred but not yet paid by us. any changes in these estimates are recorded in the period the need for such an adjustment arises. while we offer a diversified mix of managed care products and services through our managed care plans, our aggregate cost of care can fluctuate based on a change in the overall mix of these products and services. our managed care plans include: preferred provider organizations, or ppos; health maintenance organizations, or hmos; point-of-service plans, or pos plans; traditional indemnity plans and other hybrid plans, including consumer-driven health plans, or cdhps; and hospital only and limited benefit products.
we classify certain claims-related costs as benefit expense to reflect costs incurred for our members' traditional medical care, as well as those expenses which improve our members' health and medical outcomes. these claims-related costs may be comprised of expenses incurred for: (i) medical management, including case and utilization management; (ii) health and wellness, including disease management services for such conditions as diabetes, high-risk pregnancies, congestive heart failure and asthma management and wellness initiatives like weight-loss programs and smoking cessation treatments; and (iii) clinical health policy. these types of claims-related costs are designed to ultimately lower our members' cost of care.
our selling expense consists of external broker commission expenses, and generally varies with premium or membership volume. our general and administrative expense consists of fixed and variable costs. examples of fixed costs are depreciation, amortization and certain facilities expenses. certain variable costs, such as premium taxes, vary directly with premium volume. other variable costs, such as salaries and benefits, do not vary directly with changes in premium but are more aligned with changes in membership. the acquisition or loss of a significant block of business would likely impact staffing levels and thus, associated compensation expense. other variable costs include professional and consulting expenses and advertising. other factors can impact our administrative cost structure, including systems efficiencies, inflation and changes in productivity.
our results of operations depend in large part on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage healthcare costs through effective contracting with providers of care to our members and our medical management and health and wellness programs. several economic factors related to healthcare costs, such as regulatory mandates of coverage as well as direct-to-consumer advertising by providers and pharmaceutical companies, have a direct impact on the volume of care consumed by our members. the potential effect of escalating healthcare costs, any changes in our ability to negotiate competitive rates with our providers and any regulatory or market driven restrictions on our ability to obtain adequate premium rates to offset overall inflation in healthcare costs, including increases in unit costs and utilization resulting from the aging of the population and other demographics, as well as advances in medical technology, may impose further risks to our ability to profitably underwrite our business, and may have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
on december 22, 2017, the federal government enacted a tax bill, h.r.1, an act to provide for reconciliation pursuant to titles ii and v of the concurrent resolution on the budget for fiscal year 2018, or the tax cuts and jobs act. the tax cuts and jobs act contains significant changes to corporate taxation, including, but not limited to, reducing the u.s. federal corporate income tax rate from 35% to 21% and modifying or limiting many business deductions. at december 31, 2017, we had not completed our accounting for the tax effects resulting from the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act; however, we have made a reasonable estimate of the effects on our existing deferred tax balances. we remeasured deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the rates at which they are expected to be utilized in the future, which is generally 21%. however, we are still analyzing certain aspects of the tax cuts and jobs act and refining our calculations, which could potentially affect the measurement of those balances or give rise to new deferred tax amounts. the provisional amount recorded related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax balance was a non-recurring benefit of $1,108.3 and is included as a component of income tax expense.
on february 15, 2018, we completed our acquisition of freedom health, inc., optimum healthcare, inc., america's 1st choice of south carolina, inc. and related entities, or collectively, america's 1st choice, a medicare advantage organization that offers hmo products, including chronic special needs plans and dual-eligible special needs plans under its freedom health and optimum healthcare brands in florida and its america's 1st choice of south carolina brand in south carolina. through its medicare advantage plans, america's 1st choice currently serves approximately one hundred and thirty
thousand members in twenty-five florida and three south carolina counties. the acquisition of america's 1st choice aligns with our plans for continued growth in the medicare advantage and special needs populations.
on december 21, 2017, we completed our acquisition of healthsun health plans, inc., or healthsun, which serves approximately forty thousand members in the state of florida through its medicare advantage plans, which received a five-star rating from the centers for medicare & medicaid services, or cms. the healthsun acquisition aligns with our plans for continued growth in the medicare advantage and dual-eligible populations.
in march 2016, we filed a lawsuit against our vendor for pharmacy benefit management services, express scripts, inc., or express scripts, seeking to recover damages for pharmacy pricing that is higher than competitive benchmark pricing and damages related to operational breaches, as well as various declarations under the agreement between the parties. in april 2016, express scripts filed an answer to the lawsuit disputing our contractual claims and alleging various defenses and counterclaims. for additional information regarding this lawsuit, see note 13, "commitments and contingencies - litigation," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. in october 2017, we announced that we are establishing a new pharmacy benefits manager, or pbm, called ingeniorx, and have entered into a five-year agreement with caremarkpcs health, l.l.c., or cvs health, to begin offering a full suite of pbm solutions starting on january 1, 2020, which coincides with the conclusion of our current agreement with express scripts.
on july 24, 2015, we and cigna corporation, or cigna, announced that we entered into an agreement and plan of merger, or cigna merger agreement, dated as of july 23, 2015, to acquire all outstanding shares of cigna. in july 2016, the u.s. department of justice, along with certain state attorneys general, filed a civil antitrust lawsuit in the u.s. district court for the district of columbia, or district court, seeking to block the merger. on february 14, 2017, cigna purported to terminate the cigna merger agreement and commenced litigation against us in the delaware court of chancery, or delaware court, seeking damages, including the $1,850.0 termination fee pursuant to the terms of the cigna merger agreement, and a declaratory judgment that its purported termination of the cigna merger agreement was lawful, among other claims, which is captioned cigna corp. v. anthem inc. we believe cigna's allegations are without merit. also on february 14, 2017, we initiated our own litigation against cigna in the delaware court seeking a temporary restraining order to enjoin cigna from terminating the cigna merger agreement, specific performance compelling cigna to comply with the cigna merger agreement and damages, which is captioned anthem inc. v. cigna corp. on april 28, 2017, the u.s. circuit court of appeals for the district of columbia affirmed the ruling of the district court, which blocked the merger. on may 11, 2017, the delaware court denied our motion to enjoin cigna from terminating the cigna merger agreement. on may 12, 2017, we delivered to cigna a notice terminating the cigna merger agreement. for additional information about these lawsuits, see note 13, "commitments and contingencies - litigation," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
on february 17, 2015, we completed our acquisition of simply healthcare holdings, inc., or simply healthcare, a leading managed care company for people enrolled in medicaid and medicare programs in the state of florida. this acquisition aligns with our strategy for continued growth in our government business segment.
for additional information related to the acquisitions of america's 1st choice, healthsun and simply healthcare, see note 3, "business acquisitions" included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
the future results of our operations will also be impacted by certain external forces and resulting changes in our business model and strategy. the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, as amended, or collectively, the aca, has changed and may continue to make broad-based changes to the u.s. healthcare system. the aca presented us with new growth opportunities, but also introduced new risks, regulatory challenges and uncertainties, and required changes in the way products are designed, underwritten, priced, distributed and administered. changes to our business are likely to continue for the next several years as elected officials at the national and state levels have proposed significant modifications to existing laws and regulations, including the potential repeal or replacement of the aca and the reduction or elimination of federal subsidies made available through the aca for certain public exchange individual products, including the discontinuance of the cost-sharing reduction subsidy effective october 2017. as a result of the complexity of the aca, its impact on healthcare in the united states and the continuing modification and interpretation of the aca rules, we will continue to evaluate the impact of the aca as additional guidance is made
available. for additional discussion, see part i, item 1 "business - regulation," and part i, item 1a "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.
product pricing remains competitive and we strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. we believe our pricing strategy, based on predictive modeling, proprietary research and data-driven processes has positioned us to benefit from the potential growth opportunities available through entry into new markets, expansions in existing markets and as a result of any subsequent changes to the current regulatory scheme. we believe that our pricing strategy, brand name and network quality will provide a strong foundation for membership growth opportunities in the future.
in the individual and small group markets, we offer on-exchange products through state or federally facilitated marketplaces, referred to as public exchanges, and off-exchange products. federal subsidies are available for certain members, subject to income and family size, who purchase public exchange products. during 2017, we notified various state regulators of our decision to dramatically reduce our participation in the individual aca-compliant marketplaces within their respective states. the uncertainty around, and subsequent termination of, the federal funding of the cost-sharing reduction subsidy available through the aca was an important factor as we evaluated the appropriate level of our marketplace participation. our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. in 2018, we will continue to offer individual aca-compliant products in 56 of the 143 rating regions in which we operate.
private exchanges have gained visibility in the marketplace based on the promise of helping employers reduce costs, increase consumer engagement and manage the complexities created by the aca and other market forces. while private exchanges have been a distribution channel in the medicare and individual markets for some time, in more recent years the commercial market has received an increased level of attention from the consulting and broker communities as well as health insurance carriers. in response, we have continued our broad-based strategy of offering our own private exchange, anthem health marketplace, consumer experience platform to groups, while also participating in four large national consultant-led exchanges, several regional broker-led exchanges and various individual, commercial and medicare exchanges. to date, adoption levels in the commercial market overall have been lower than analyst predictions. while the ultimate volume, pace of growth and winning business models remain highly uncertain in this space, we continue to believe we are well positioned to adapt with the market as it evolves.
current federal law stemming from the aca imposes regulations on the health insurance sector, including, but not limited to, guaranteed coverage and expanded benefit requirements; prohibitions on some annual and all lifetime limits on amounts paid on behalf of or to our members; minimum medical loss ratio, or mlr, and customer rebate requirements; establishment of a mandatory annual health insurance provider fee, or hip fee; a federal rate review process; a requirement to cover preventive services on a first dollar basis; the utilization of public exchanges to offer individual and small group products; and greater limitations on how we price certain of our products. in addition, the legislation reduces the reimbursement levels for our health plans participating in the medicare advantage program over time and limits the amount of executive compensation that is deductible for income tax purposes.
as a result of the aca, the u.s. department of health and human services, or hhs, issued mlr regulations that require us to meet minimum mlr thresholds for large group, small group and individual lines of business. plans that do not meet the minimum thresholds will have to pay a mlr rebate. for purposes of determining mlr rebates, hhs has defined the types of costs that should be included in the mlr rebate calculation. however, certain components of the mlr calculation as defined by hhs cannot be classified consistently under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, or gaap. while considered benefit expense or a reduction of premium revenue by hhs, certain of these costs are classified as other types of expense, such as income tax expense or general and administrative expense, in our gaap basis financial statements. accordingly, the benefit expense ratio determined using our consolidated gaap operating results is not comparable to the mlr calculated under hhs regulations.
the aca also imposed a separate minimum mlr threshold of 85% for medicare advantage and medicare part d prescription drug plans, or medicare part d. medicare advantage or medicare part d plans that do not meet this threshold will have to pay a minimum mlr rebate. if a plan's mlr is below 85% for three consecutive years beginning with 2014,
enrollment will be restricted. a medicare advantage or medicare part d plan contract will be terminated if the plan's mlr is below 85% for five consecutive years.
the aca imposed an annual hip fee on health insurers that write certain types of health insurance on u.s. risks. the annual hip fee is allocated to health insurers based on the ratio of the amount of an insurer's net premium revenues written during the preceding calendar year to an adjusted amount of health insurance for all u.s. health risk for those certain lines of business written during the preceding calendar year. we record our estimated liability for the hip fee in full at the beginning of the year with a corresponding deferred asset that is amortized on a straight-line basis to general and administrative expense. the final calculation and payment of the annual hip fee occurs in the third quarter each year. the hip fee is non-deductible for federal income tax purposes. we price our affected products to cover the increased general and administrative and tax expenses associated with the hip fee. the total amount due from allocations to health insurers was $11,300.0 for each of 2015 and 2016, was suspended for 2017, has resumed and increased to $14,300.0 for 2018 and is suspended for 2019. for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015, we recognized $1,176.3 and $1,207.5, respectively, as general and administrative expense related to the hip fee. there was no corresponding expense for 2017 due to the suspension of the hip fee for 2017.
these and other provisions of the aca are likely to have significant effects on our future operations, which, in turn, could impact the value of our business model and results of operations, including potential impairments of our goodwill and other intangible assets. we will continue to evaluate the impact of the aca including any substantial changes to existing laws or regulations that may impact our business. for additional discussion regarding the aca, see part i, item 1 "business-regulation" and part i, item 1a "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k.
finally, federal and state regulatory agencies may further restrict our ability to obtain new product approvals, implement changes in premium rates, impose new taxes or impose additional restrictions, under new or existing laws that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
the national organization of life & health insurance guaranty associations, or nolhga, is a voluntary organization consisting of the state life and health insurance guaranty associations located throughout the u.s. such associations, working together with nolhga, provide a safety net for their state's policyholders, ensuring that they continue to receive coverage, subject to state maximum limits, even if their insurer is declared insolvent. in march 2017, long term care insurance writers penn treaty network america insurance company and its subsidiary, american network insurance company (collectively, penn treaty), were ordered to be liquidated by the pennsylvania state court, which had jurisdiction over the penn treaty rehabilitation proceeding. we and other insurers will be obligated to pay a portion of their policyholder claims through state guaranty association assessments in future periods. we estimated our portion of these net assessments for the insolvency of penn treaty to be approximately $253.8 and recorded the estimate as a general and administrative expense. payment of the assessments will be largely recovered through premium billing surcharges and premium tax credits over future years.
in addition to the external forces discussed in the preceding paragraphs, our results of operations are impacted by levels and mix of membership. in recent years, we have experienced membership growth due to the quality and pricing of our health benefits products and services, improved economic conditions, decreases in unemployment, acquisitions, entry into new markets and expansions in existing markets. in addition, we believe the self-insured portion of our group membership base will continue to increase as a percentage of total group membership. however, these membership trends could be negatively impacted by various factors that could have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations such as general economic downturns that result in business failures, failure to obtain new customers or retain existing customers, premium increases, benefit changes or our exit from a specific market. further, our mix of membership may include more individuals with a higher acuity level obtaining coverage through our products available on the public exchanges, which may not be appropriately adjusted for in our premium rates.
in february 2015, we reported that we were the target of a sophisticated external cyber attack. the attackers gained unauthorized access to certain of our information technology systems and obtained personal information related to many individuals and employees. we have continued to implement security enhancements since this incident. for additional information about the cyber attack, see note 13, "commitments and contingencies - cyber attack incident," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
also see part i, item 1a "risk factors" in this annual report on form 10-k, for a discussion of the factors identified above and other risk factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k and presented elsewhere by management from time to time.
executive summary we are one of the largest health benefits companies in the united states in terms of medical membership, serving 40.2 medical members through our affiliated health plans as of december 31, 2017. we are an independent licensee of the blue cross and blue shield association, or bcbsa, an association of independent health benefit plans. we serve our members as the blue cross licensee for california and as the blue cross and blue shield, or bcbs, licensee for colorado, connecticut, georgia, indiana, kentucky, maine, missouri (excluding 30 counties in the kansas city area), nevada, new hampshire, new york (in varying counties as bcbs, blue cross or empire bluecross blueshield healthplus), ohio, virginia (excluding the northern virginia suburbs of washington, d.c.) and wisconsin. in a majority of these service areas we do business as anthem blue cross, anthem blue cross and blue shield, blue cross and blue shield of georgia, and empire blue cross blue shield or empire blue cross (in our new york service areas). we also conduct business through arrangements with other bcbs licensees in louisiana, south carolina and western new york. through our amerigroup corporation, or amerigroup, subsidiary and other subsidiaries, we conduct business in florida, georgia, iowa, kansas, maryland, nevada, new jersey, new mexico, tennessee, texas, washington and washington, d.c. in addition, we conduct business through our simply healthcare and healthsun subsidiaries in florida. we also serve customers throughout the country as healthlink, unicare, and in certain arizona, california, connecticut, iowa, nevada, tennessee and virginia markets through our caremore health group, inc., or caremore, subsidiary. we are licensed to conduct insurance operations in all 50 states and the district of columbia through our subsidiaries.
operating revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $89,061.2, an increase of $4,867.2, or 5.8%, from the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in operating revenue was primarily a result of higher premium revenue in both our government business and commercial & specialty business segments, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fee revenue in our commercial & specialty business segment.
net income for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $3,842.8, an increase of $1,373.0, or 55.6%, from the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in net income was primarily a result of lower income tax expense and an increase in net earnings from investment activities. the increase in net income was partially offset by lower operating results in both our government business and commercial & specialty business segments and losses realized on extinguishment of debt.
our diluted earnings per share, or eps, for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $14.35, an increase of $5.14, or 55.8%, from the year ended december 31, 2016. our diluted shares for the year ended december 31, 2017 were 267.8, a decrease of 0.3, or 0.1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in eps resulted from the increase in net income, and to a lesser extent, the lower number of shares outstanding in 2017.
operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $4,184.8, or 1.1 times net income. operating cash flow for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $3,270.2, or 1.3 times net income. the increase in operating cash flow from 2016 of $914.6 was primarily attributable to an increase in premium receipts as a result of both rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends, and growth in membership. the increase in cash flow was partially offset by an increase in claims payments due to higher medical cost experience and growth in membership. the increase was further offset by an increase in spend to support our growth initiatives, the timing of provider capitation payments for pass-through funding under the california medicaid contract and the timing of certain state medicaid payments.
our results of operations discussed throughout this md&a are determined in accordance with gaap. we also calculate operating gain, a non-gaap measure, to further aid investors in understanding and analyzing our core operating results and comparing them among periods. we define operating revenue as premium income, administrative fees and other revenues. operating gain is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense, and selling, general and administrative expense. we use these measures as a basis for evaluating segment performance, allocating resources, forecasting future operating periods and setting incentive compensation targets. this information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for income before income tax expense, net income or eps prepared in accordance with gaap, and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. for additional details on operating gain, see our "reportable segments results of operations" discussion included in this md&a. for a reconciliation of reportable segment
operating revenue to the amounts of total revenue included in the consolidated statements of income and a reconciliation of reportable segment operating gain to income before income tax expense, see note 19, "segment information," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we intend to expand through a combination of organic growth, strategic acquisitions and efficient use of capital in both existing and new markets. our growth strategy is designed to enable us to take advantage of additional economies of scale, as well as providing us access to new and evolving technologies and products. in addition, we believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. while we have achieved strong growth as a result of strategic mergers and acquisitions, we have also achieved organic growth in our existing markets over time by delivering excellent service, offering competitively priced products, providing access to high quality provider networks and effectively capitalizing on the brand strength of the blue cross and blue shield names and marks.
significant transactions the significant transactions that have occurred over the last three years that have impacted or will impact our capital structure or that have or will influence how we conduct our business operations include:
•   acquisition of america's 1st choice (2018);
•   acquisition of healthsun (2017);
•   acquisition of simply healthcare (2015); and
•   board of directors declaration of dividends on common stock (2013 through january 2018); authorization for repurchases of our common stock (2017 and prior); and debt repurchases and new debt issuance (2017 and prior).
for additional information regarding these transactions, see note 3, "business acquisitions," note 12, "debt" and note 14, "capital stock," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
membership our medical membership includes seven different customer types: local group, individual, national accounts, bluecard®, medicare, medicaid and fep®. bcbs-branded business generally refers to members in our service areas licensed by the bcbsa. non-bcbs-branded business refers to amerigroup, caremore, healthsun and simply healthcare members as well as healthlink and unicare members predominantly outside of our bcbsa service areas, and effective february 12, 2018, our america's 1st choice members.
•   local group consists of those employer customers with less than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state, as well as customers with more than 5% of eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state with up to 5,000 eligible employees. in addition, local group includes unicare members and employer group medicare advantage members, or retired members of local group accounts who have selected a medicare advantage product. local group accounts are generally sold through brokers or consultants working with industry specialists from our in-house sales force and are offered both on and off the public exchanges. local group insurance premiums may be based on claims incurred by the group or sold on a self-insured basis. the customer's buying decision is typically based upon the size and breadth of our networks, customer service, the quality of our medical management services, the administrative cost included in our quoted price, our financial stability, our reputation and our ability to effectively service large complex accounts. local group accounted for 39.4%, 38.7% and 39.5% of our medical members at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
•   individual consists of individual customers under age 65 and their covered dependents. individual policies are generally sold through independent agents and brokers, retail partnerships, our in-house sales force or via the exchanges. individual business is sold on a fully-insured basis. we offer on-exchange products through public exchanges and off-exchange products. federal premium subsidies are available only for certain public exchange individual products. unsubsidized individual customers are generally more sensitive to product pricing and, to a lesser extent, the configuration of the network, and the efficiency of administration. customer turnover is generally
higher with individual as compared to local group. individual business accounted for 3.9%, 4.2% and 4.3% of our medical members at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
•   national accounts generally consist of multi-state employer groups primarily headquartered in an anthem service area with at least 5% of the eligible employees located outside of the headquarter state and with more than 5,000 eligible employees. some exceptions are allowed based on broker and consultant relationships. service area is defined as the geographic area in which we are licensed to sell bcbs products. national accounts are generally sold through independent brokers or consultants retained by the customer working with our in-house sales force. we believe we have an advantage when competing for very large national accounts due to the size and breadth of our networks and our ability to access the national provider networks of bcbs companies at their competitive local market rates. in addition, employer group medicare advantage members related to national accounts groups are reported as part of national accounts membership. national accounts represented 19.1%, 19.4% and 19.1% of our medical members at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
•   bluecard® host customers represent enrollees of blue cross and/or blue shield plans not owned by anthem who receive healthcare services in our bcbsa licensed markets. bluecard® membership consists of estimated host members using the national bluecard® program. host members are generally members who reside in or travel to a state in which an anthem subsidiary is the blue cross and/or blue shield licensee and who are covered under an employer-sponsored health plan issued by a non-anthem controlled bcbsa licensee (i.e., the "home plan"). we perform certain administrative functions for bluecard® members, for which we receive administrative fees from the bluecard® members' home plans. other administrative functions, including maintenance of enrollment information and customer service, are performed by the home plan. host members are computed using, among other things, the average number of bluecard® claims received per month. bluecard® host membership accounted for 13.7%, 13.9% and 14.0% of our medical members at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
•   medicare customers are medicare-eligible individual members age 65 and over who have enrolled in medicare supplement plans; medicare advantage, including special needs plans; medicare part d; and dual-eligible programs through medicare-medicaid plans, or mmps. medicare supplement plans typically pay the difference between healthcare costs incurred by a beneficiary and amounts paid by medicare. medicare advantage plans provide medicare beneficiaries with a managed care alternative to traditional medicare and often include a medicare part d benefit. in addition, our medicare advantage special needs plans provide tailored benefits to medicare beneficiaries who have chronic diseases and also cover certain dual-eligible customers, who are low-income seniors and persons under age 65 with disabilities. medicare part d offers a prescription drug plan to medicare and mmp beneficiaries. mmp is a demonstration program focused on serving members who are dually eligible for medicaid and medicare, which was established as a result of the passage of the aca. medicare supplement and medicare advantage products are marketed in the same manner, primarily through independent agents and brokers. medicare business accounted for 3.8%, 3.6% and 3.7% of our medical members at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
•   medicaid membership represents eligible members who receive healthcare benefits through publicly funded healthcare programs, including medicaid, aca-related medicaid expansion programs, temporary assistance for needy families, programs for seniors and people with disabilities, children's health insurance programs, and specialty programs such as those focused on long-term services and support, hiv/aids, foster care, behavioral health and/or substance abuse disorders, and intellectual disabilities or developmental disabilities, among others. total medicaid program business accounted for 16.1%, 16.4% and 15.3% of our medical members at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
•   fep® members consist of united states government employees and their dependents within our geographic markets through our participation in the national contract between the bcbsa and the u.s. office of personnel management. fep® business accounted for 3.9%, 3.9% and 4.1% of our medical members at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
in addition to reporting our medical membership by customer type, we report by funding arrangement according to the level of risk that we assume in the product contract. our two principal funding arrangement categories are fully-insured and self-funded. fully-insured products are products in which we indemnify our policyholders against costs for health benefits. self-funded products are offered to customers, generally larger employers, who elect to retain most or all of the financial risk
associated with their employees' healthcare costs. some self-funded customers choose to purchase stop loss coverage to limit their retained risk.
the following table presents our medical membership by customer type, funding arrangement and reportable segment as of december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. also included below is other membership by product. the medical membership and other membership presented are unaudited and in certain instances include estimates of the number of members represented by each contract at the end of the period.
(in thousands)                                  2017             2016             2015          change           % change            change           % change medical membership customer type local group                               15,870           15,429           15,241           441               2.9   %            188               1.2   %
reportable segment commercial &amp; specialty business       30,662           30,384           29,678           278               0.9   %            706               2.4   %
government business                        9,582            9,535            8,921            47               0.5   %            614               6.9   %
medicare advantage part d members            702              629              622            73              11.6   %              7               1.1   %
during the year ended december 31, 2017, total medical membership increased 325, or 0.8%, primarily due to increases in our local group and medicare membership, partially offset by decreases in our individual, national accounts, medicaid and bluecard® membership.
self-funded medical membership increased 278, or 1.1%, primarily due to new sales and growth in our existing large group accounts, partially offset by lower activity from bluecard® membership and the loss of a large multi-state employer group contract in our national accounts.
fully-insured membership increased 47, or 0.3%, primarily due to higher sales during medicare open enrollment, new sales in large group accounts and medicare membership acquired through the acquisition of healthsun. these increases were partially offset by attrition in both our non-aca-compliant and aca-compliant off-exchange individual product offerings.
local group membership increased 441, or 2.9%, primarily due to new sales and growth in our existing large group accounts.
individual membership decreased 76, or 4.6%, primarily due to attrition in both our non-aca-compliant and aca-compliant off-exchange product offerings, partially offset by growth in our aca-compliant on-exchange product offerings.
national accounts membership decreased 58, or 0.7%, primarily due to the loss of a large multi-state employer group contract, partially offset by new sales.
medicare membership increased 107, or 7.4%, primarily due to higher sales during open enrollment, membership acquired through the acquisition of healthsun and growth in certain existing medicare advantage markets.
medicaid membership decreased 52, or 0.8%, primarily due to membership reverification processes and the impact of a new entrant in one of our existing markets, partially offset by new business expansions.
our other products are often ancillary to our health business and can therefore be impacted by corresponding changes in our medical membership.
life and disability membership decreased 32, or 0.7%, primarily due to higher lapses in our fully-insured local group business.
dental membership increased 378, or 6.9%, primarily due to new sales and increased penetration in our local group and national account businesses.
dental administration membership increased 48, or 0.9%, primarily due to membership expansion under current contracts.
vision membership increased 479, or 7.5%, primarily due to new sales and increased penetration in our national accounts, local group and medicare product offerings.
medicare advantage part d membership increased 73, or 11.6%, primarily due to membership acquired through the acquisition of healthsun and higher sales during open enrollment.
medicare part d standalone membership decreased 32, or 9.1%, primarily due to our product repositioning strategies in certain markets.
fully-insured membership increased 298, or 2.0%, primarily due to growth in our medicaid business, partially offset by declines in local group fully-insured membership.
local group membership increased 188, or 1.2%, primarily due to growth in our large group self-funded accounts as a result of new sales and conversions of fully-insured contracts to self-funded administrative service only, or aso contracts. the increase was partially offset by attrition in our fully-insured product offerings resulting from competitive pressures and conversions to self-funded aso contracts.
individual membership decreased 11, or 0.7%, primarily due to attrition in non-aca-compliant product offerings, partially offset by growth in aca-compliant off- and on-exchange product offerings.
national accounts membership increased 386, or 5.2%, primarily due to the implementation of new large multi-state employer group contracts and expansion in existing employer group accounts.
medicare membership decreased 1, or 0.1%, primarily due to membership losses from strategic market exits, partially offset by growth in certain existing markets.
medicaid membership increased 613, or 10.4%, primarily due to new business expansions and organic growth in existing markets.
our other products are often ancillary to our health business and can therefore be impacted by corresponding changes in our medical membership.
life and disability membership decreased 117, or 2.4%, primarily due to higher lapses in our fully-insured local group business.
dental membership increased 280, or 5.4%, primarily due to new sales and growth in our local group and aca-compliant individual product offerings.
dental administration membership increased 12, or 0.2%, primarily due to membership expansion under current contracts.
vision membership increased 747, or 13.2%, primarily due to growth in our local group, national accounts and aca-compliant individual product offerings.
medicare advantage part d membership increased 7, or 1.1%, primarily due to higher sales during the open enrollment period.
medicare part d standalone membership decreased 21, or 5.7%, primarily due to our product repositioning strategies and select strategic actions in certain markets.
cost of care the following discussion summarizes our aggregate underlying cost of care trends for the year ended december 31, 2017 for our local group fully-insured business only.
for the full year 2017, underlying local group medical cost trend was approximately 6.5%. we are updating the reporting of our underlying local group medical cost trend in 2018 to reflect the "allowed amount", or contractual rate, paid
to providers. the previous methodology was based on the "paid amount," which is the "allowed amount" less copays and deductibles. we believe using the allowed amount is a better indicator of overall healthcare trend and therefore a more informative metric. under the "allowed amount," we anticipate the local group medical cost trend will be in the range of 5.5% to 6.5% in 2018. if 2017 was calculated on a consistent basis with the updated methodology in 2018, local group medical cost trends would have been approximately 5.5%.
our medical cost trends are primarily driven by increases in the utilization of services across all provider types and the unit cost increases of these services. we work to mitigate these trends through various medical management programs such as utilization management, condition management, program integrity and specialty pharmacy management, as well as benefit design changes. there are many drivers of medical cost trend which can cause variance from our estimates, such as changes in the level and mix of services utilized, regulatory changes, aging of the population, health status and other demographic characteristics of our members, epidemics, advances in medical technology, new high cost prescription drugs, and healthcare provider or member fraud.
consolidated results of operations our consolidated summarized results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are discussed in the following section.
change years ended december 31                               2017 vs. 2016                               2016 vs. 2015
total operating revenue                                                   $89,061.2               $84,194.0               $78,404.8               $4,867.2                  5.8    %          $5,789.2                  7.4    %
net realized gains on financial instruments                                   144.8                     4.9                   157.5                  139.9              2,855.1    %            (152.6    )           (96.9   )%
other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments                         (33.1    )             (115.4    )              (83.4    )              82.3                 71.3    %             (32.0    )           (38.4   )%
benefit expense                                                            72,236.2                66,834.4                61,116.9                5,401.8                  8.1    %           5,717.5                  9.4    %
benefit expense ratio2                                                         86.4    %               84.8    %               83.3    %                                 160bp3                                      150bp3
income before income tax expense as a percentage of total revenues              4.4    %                5.4    %                5.9    %                               (100)bp3                                     (50)bp3
net income as a percentage of total revenues                                    4.3    %                2.9    %                3.2    %                                 140bp3                                     (30)bp3
certain of the following definitions are also applicable to all other results of operations tables in this discussion:
1   includes interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets and gain/loss on extinguishment of debt.
2   benefit expense ratio represents benefit expense as a percentage of premium revenue. premiums for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 were $83,647.7, $78,860.1 and $73,385.1, respectively. premiums are included in total operating revenue presented above.
4   selling, general and administrative expense ratio represents selling, general and administrative expense as a percentage of total operating revenue.
total operating revenue increased $4,867.2, or 5.8%, to $89,061.2 in 2017, resulting primarily from higher premiums, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees. higher premiums were due, in part, to rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends. the increase was further attributable to membership growth in our medicare advantage and large group product offerings. the increase in premiums was partially offset by the impact of the hip fee suspension for 2017, as we did not price affected products to cover any hip fee related expense in the current year. additionally, declines in membership in both our non-aca-compliant and aca-compliant off-exchange individual businesses, lower favorable adjustments to prior year estimates for the aca risk adjustment premium stabilization program and declines in membership in our national accounts business partially offset the overall increase in premiums. the increase in administrative fees primarily resulted from membership growth in our self-funded large group business.
net investment income increased $87.0, or 11.2%, to $866.5 in 2017, primarily due to higher income from alternative investments and higher investment yields on fixed maturity securities, partially offset by lower dividend yields on equity securities.
net realized gains on financial instruments increased $139.9, or 2,855.1%, to $144.8 in 2017, primarily due to a decrease in net realized losses on derivative financial instruments and an increase in net realized gains on sales of fixed maturity securities, partially offset by a decrease in net realized gains on sales of equity securities.
other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments decreased $82.3, or 71.3%, to $33.1 in 2017, primarily due to a decrease in impairment losses on fixed maturity securities.
benefit expense increased $5,401.8, or 8.1%, to $72,236.2 in 2017, primarily due to increased costs as a result of overall cost trends across our businesses. the increase was further attributable to membership growth in our medicare advantage and large group business product offerings. these increases were partially offset by the impact of membership declines in both our non-aca-compliant and aca-compliant off-exchange individual product offerings.
our benefit expense ratio increased 160 basis points to 86.4% in 2017. the increase in the ratio was largely driven by the loss of revenue associated with the hip fee suspension for 2017, higher medical cost experience in our medicare business and adjustments to prior year estimates for the aca risk adjustment premium stabilization program. the increase in the ratio was partially offset by improved medical cost experience in our individual business.
selling, general and administrative expense increased $91.7, or 0.7%, to $12,649.6 in 2017. the increase in expense was due, in part, to an increase in spend to support our growth initiatives, the recognition of a guaranty fund assessment related to the liquidation order of penn treaty, an increase in performance-based incentive compensation and a legal settlement accrual related to settlement of the 2015 cyber attack class action litigation. for additional information regarding the penn treaty liquidation and the cyber attack and related settlement, see note 13, "commitments and contingencies - other contingencies," and "commitments and contingencies - cyber attack incident," respectively, to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. these increases were partially offset by lower aca fees, primarily as a result of the suspension of the hip fee for 2017 and, to a lesser extent, the expiration of the fees for the aca temporary reinsurance premium stabilization program that ended on december 31, 2016. the increases were further offset by lower selling, general and administrative costs related to expense efficiency initiatives and lower transaction costs related to the terminated cigna merger agreement.
our selling, general and administrative expense ratio decreased 70 basis points to 14.2% in 2017. the decrease in the ratio was due, in part, to the lower aca fees discussed above, lower selling, general and administrative costs related to expense efficiency initiatives and growth in operating revenue. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in spend to support our growth initiatives, the impact of the penn treaty guaranty fund assessment, an increase in performance-based incentive compensation and the accrual related to the settlement of the 2015 cyber attack class action litigation.
other expense increased $274.5, or 30.0%, to $1,189.8 in 2017, primarily due to losses on debt extinguishment. for additional information related to our borrowings, refer to the subsequent section herein titled "liquidity and capital resources - debt."
income tax expense decreased $1,964.6, or 94.2%, to $121.0 in 2017, primarily due to the effect of the tax cuts and jobs act, the suspension of the non-tax deductible hip fee for 2017 and the favorable impact of our recognition of tax benefits for prior acquisition costs incurred related to the terminated cigna merger agreement. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recognized a non-recurring income tax benefit of $1,108.3 related to the remeasurement of our deferred tax balance pursuant to the tax cuts and jobs act. for the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized additional income tax expense of $411.7 related to the hip fee. the decrease in income tax expense was further due to the recognition of excess tax benefits during the year ended december 31, 2017 from the adoption of accounting standards update no. 2016-09, compensation - stock compensation (topic 718): improvements to employee share-based payment accounting, or asu 2016-09. for additional information related to the adoption of asu 2016-09, see note 2, "basis of presentation of significant accounting policies - recently adopted accounting guidance" to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2016, we recognized additional california deferred state tax expense resulting from specific california legislation related to managed care organizations that did not recur in 2017.
the effective tax rates in 2017 and 2016 were 3.1% and 45.8%, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to the effect of the tax cuts and jobs act, suspension of the hip fee, the deduction of the prior acquisition costs incurred related to the terminated cigna merger agreement, the excess tax benefits from the adoption of asu 2016-09 and the additional 2016 california deferred state tax expense, discussed above.
our net income as a percentage of total revenue increased 140 basis points to 4.3% in 2017 as compared to 2016 as a result of all factors discussed above.
total operating revenue increased $5,789.2, or 7.4% to $84,194.0 in 2016, resulting primarily from higher premiums, and, to a lesser extent, increased administrative fees. higher premiums were largely due to rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends. the increase was further attributable to membership increases in our medicaid and aca-compliant off- and on-exchange individual business product offerings. additionally, adjustments to accruals for the aca risk adjustment premium stabilization program and increased reimbursed benefit utilization in our fep® business contributed to the increase in premiums. the increase in premiums was partially offset by declines in fully-insured membership in our small group business and lapses in non-aca-compliant individual business product offerings. the increase in administrative fees primarily resulted from membership growth and rate increases for self-funded members in our national accounts and large group businesses.
net realized gains on financial instruments decreased $152.6, or 96.9%, to $4.9 in 2016, primarily due to an increase in net realized losses on derivative financial instruments, largely as a result of losses recognized on options entered in to economically hedge the variability of cash flows in the interest payments on anticipated future financings. the decrease was further due to lower net realized gains on sales of equity securities. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in net realized gains on sales of fixed maturity securities.
other-than-temporary impairment losses on investments increased $32.0, or 38.4%, to $115.4 in 2016, primarily due to an increase in impairment losses on fixed maturity securities, partially offset by a decrease in impairment losses on equity securities.
benefit expense increased $5,717.5, or 9.4%, to $66,834.4 in 2016, primarily due to increased costs as a result of overall cost trends across our businesses. the increase was further attributable to membership growth in our medicaid business and aca-compliant off- and on-exchange individual business product offerings. these increases were partially offset by the declines in fully-insured membership in our small group business and non-aca-compliant individual business product offerings.
our benefit expense ratio increased 150 basis points to 84.8% in 2016. the increase in the ratio was largely driven by our medicaid business due to increases in medical cost experience that exceeded the impact of premium rate adjustments, higher than expected medical cost experience in the iowa market, which we began serving in 2016, and increases in membership as our medicaid business has a higher benefit expense ratio than our consolidated average. the increase in the ratio was further due to higher medical costs experience in our individual and local group businesses. these increases were partially offset by adjustments to estimates of prior year accruals related to the aca risk adjustment premium stabilization program and improved medical cost performance in our medicare business.
selling, general and administrative expense was $12,557.9 and $12,534.8 in 2016 and 2015, respectively. our selling, general and administrative expense ratio decreased 110 basis points to 14.9% in 2016. the decrease in the ratio was primarily a result of lower costs related to expense efficiency initiatives and the increase in operating revenue, including the impact of medicaid membership growth in our government business segment, which has a lower selling, general and administrative expense ratio than our consolidated average.
other expense increased $41.5, or 4.7%, to $915.3 in 2016, primarily due to higher interest expense in 2016 driven by amortization of the fees incurred for the bridge facility commitment letter and joinder agreement entered into during the third
quarter of 2015 to partially fund a portion of the consideration under the now terminated cigna merger agreement. the increase in interest expense was partially offset by a decrease in amortization of intangible assets.
income tax expense increased $14.6, or 0.7%, to $2,085.6 in 2016. the effective tax rates in 2016 and 2015 were 45.8% and 44.7%, respectively. the increase in income tax expense and the effective tax rate was primarily due to the increase in non-deductible pre-acquisition costs incurred in connection with the now terminated cigna merger agreement and the increase in our california deferred state tax expense resulting from new legislation in 2016 related to california managed care organizations. the increase was further due to favorable 2015 tax adjustments related to state audit settlements. these increases were partially offset by the non-recurring impact of an adverse california franchise tax ruling recognized in 2015 and a decrease in income before income tax expense.
our net income as a percentage of total revenue decreased 30 basis points to 2.9% in 2016 as compared to 2015 as a result of all factors discussed above.
reportable segments results of operations we use operating gain to evaluate the performance of our reportable segments, which are commercial & specialty business, government business, and other. operating gain, which is a non-gaap measure, is calculated as total operating revenue less benefit expense and selling, general and administrative expense. it does not include net investment income, net realized gains on financial instruments, other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in income, interest expense, amortization of other intangible assets, loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt or income taxes, as these items are managed in a corporate shared service environment and are not the responsibility of operating segment management.
the discussion of segment results for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 presented below are based on operating gain, as described above, and operating margin, which is calculated as operating gain divided by operating revenue. our definitions of operating gain and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. for additional information, including a reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures, see note 19, "segment information," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our commercial & specialty business, government business, and other segments' summarized results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015 are as follows:
change years ended december 31                         2017 vs. 2016                           2016 vs. 2015
commercial &amp; specialty business operating revenue                           $40,754.1               $38,692.1               $37,570.8           $2,062.0               5.3     %         $1,121.3              3.0     %
operating gain                               $2,876.1                $3,195.2                $2,854.0            $(319.1    )        (10.0    )%           $341.2             12.0     %
operating margin                                  7.1    %                8.3    %                7.6    %                            (120   )bp                                70    bp government business operating revenue                           $48,276.2               $45,477.7               $40,813.0           $2,798.5               6.2     %         $4,664.7             11.4     %
operating gain                               $1,430.2                $1,784.3                $1,978.5            $(354.1    )        (19.8    )%          $(194.2    )        (9.8    )%
operating margin                                  3.0    %                3.9    %                4.8    %                             (90   )bp                               (90   )bp other operating revenue1                              $30.9                   $24.2                   $21.0               $6.7              27.7     %             $3.2             15.2     %
operating loss2                               $(130.9    )            $(177.8    )             $(79.4    )         $46.9             (26.4    )%           $(98.4    )       123.9     %
2   fluctuations are primarily a result of changes in unallocated corporate expenses. the increase in 2016 was primarily due to transaction costs incurred associated with the cigna merger agreement. the decrease in 2017 was primarily due to lower transaction costs incurred associated with the cigna merger agreement as a result of the termination of the cigna merger agreement in may 2017.
commercial & specialty business operating revenue increased $2,062.0, or 5.3%, to $40,754.1 in 2017, primarily due to premium rate increases designed to cover overall cost trends in our individual and local group businesses. the increase was further attributable to membership growth in our fully-insured large group business and an increase in administrative fees. the increase in administrative fees was primarily due to membership growth in our self-insured large group business. the increase in operating revenue was partially offset by the impact of the hip fee suspension for 2017, declines in membership in our non-aca-compliant and aca-compliant off-exchange individual businesses, lower favorable adjustments to prior year estimates for the aca risk adjustment premium stabilization program and declines in membership in our national accounts business.
operating gain decreased $319.1, or 10.0%, to $2,876.1 in 2017, primarily due to the recognition of the guaranty fund assessment related to the penn treaty liquidation, an increase in spend to support our growth initiatives and adjustments to prior year estimates for the aca risk adjustment premium stabilization program. the decrease in operating gain was further due to an increase in performance-based incentive compensation and the settlement accrual for the class action litigation related to the 2015 cyber attack. the decrease in operating gain was partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative costs related to expense efficiency initiatives and fixed costs leverage from higher operating revenue. the decrease in operating gain was further offset by improved medical cost experience in our individual businesses.
the operating margin in 2017 was 7.1%, a 120 basis point decrease from 2016, primarily due to the factors discussed in the preceding two paragraphs.
government business operating revenue increased $2,798.5, or 6.2%, to $48,276.2 in 2017. the increase in operating revenue was primarily due to premium rate increases designed to cover overall cost trends in our medicaid and medicare businesses. the increase was further due to new medicaid business expansions and membership growth in our medicare advantage business. these increases were partially offset by the impact of the hip fee suspension for 2017 and medicaid membership declines resulting from membership reverification processes and the impact of a new entrant in an existing market.
operating gain decreased $354.1, or 19.8%, to $1,430.2 in 2017, primarily due to the impact of the hip fee suspension for 2017 and higher medical cost experience in our medicare business. the decrease was further due to an increase in performance-based incentive compensation and an increase in spend to support our growth initiatives. these decreases were partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative costs related to expense efficiency initiatives and fixed costs leverage from higher operating revenue.
the operating margin in 2017 was 3.0%, a 90 basis point decrease from 2016, primarily due to the factors discussed in the preceding two paragraphs.
commercial & specialty business operating revenue increased $1,121.3, or 3.0%, to $38,692.1 in 2016, primarily due to premium rate increases designed to cover overall cost trends in our local group and individual businesses. the increase was further attributable to adjustments to accruals for the aca risk adjustment premium stabilization program, membership growth in our aca-compliant off- and on-exchange individual business product offerings and increased administrative fees. the increase in administrative fees was primarily due to membership growth and rate increases for self-funded members in our national accounts and self-funded large group businesses. the increase in operating revenue was partially offset by declines in fully-insured membership in our small group business and lapses in non-aca-compliant individual business product offerings.
operating gain increased $341.2, or 12.0%, to $3,195.2 in 2016, primarily due to adjustments to accruals for the aca risk adjustment premium stabilization program and lower selling, general and administrative expense related to expense efficiency initiatives. the increase was further attributable to membership growth in our national accounts and self-funded
large group businesses. these increases were partially offset by higher medical cost experience in our individual and local group businesses and decreases in fully-insured small group membership.
the operating margin in 2016 was 8.3%, a 70 basis point increase over 2015, primarily due to the factors discussed in the preceding two paragraphs.
government business operating revenue increased $4,664.7, or 11.4%, to $45,477.7 in 2016. the increase in operating revenue was primarily due to increased premiums in our medicaid business as a result of membership growth through new business expansions and organic growth in existing markets. the increase in operating revenue was also due to rate increases designed to cover overall cost trends in our medicaid and medicare businesses and increased premiums in our fep® business, due to increased reimbursed benefit utilization.
operating gain decreased $194.2, or 9.8%, to $1,784.3 in 2016, primarily due to increases in medical cost experience in our medicaid business that exceeded the impact of premium rate adjustments and higher than expected medical cost experience in the iowa medicaid market, which we began serving in 2016. these decreases were partially offset by lower selling, general and administrative expense related to expense efficiency initiatives, improved medical cost performance in our medicare business and the favorable impact of a retroactive change in the minimum mlr calculation under california's medicaid expansion program.
the operating margin in 2016 was 3.9%, a 90 basis point decrease from 2015, primarily due to the factors discussed in the preceding two paragraphs.
critical accounting policies and estimates we prepare our consolidated financial statements in conformity with gaap. application of gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and within this md&a. we consider our most important accounting policies that require significant estimates and management judgment to be those policies with respect to liabilities for medical claims payable, income taxes, goodwill and other intangible assets, investments and retirement benefits, which are discussed below. our other significant accounting policies are summarized in note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. in general, our estimates are based on historical experience, evaluation of current trends, information from third party professionals and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the known facts and circumstances. estimates can require a significant amount of judgment and a different set of assumptions could result in material changes to our reported results.
medical claims payable the most subjective accounting estimate in our consolidated financial statements is our liability for medical claims payable. at december 31, 2017, this liability was $7,991.5 and represented 18.1% of our total consolidated liabilities. we record this liability and the corresponding benefit expense for incurred but not paid claims, including the estimated costs of processing such claims. incurred but not paid claims include (1) an estimate for claims that are incurred but not reported, as well as claims reported to us but not yet processed through our systems, which approximated 95.7%, or $7,650.8, of our total medical claims liability as of december 31, 2017; and (2) claims reported to us and processed through our systems but not yet paid, which approximated 4.3%, or $340.7, of the total medical claims payable as of december 31, 2017. the level of claims payable processed through our systems but not yet paid may fluctuate from one period-end to the next, from approximately 1% to 5% of our total medical claims liability, due to timing of when claim payments are made.
liabilities for both claims incurred but not reported and reported but not yet processed through our systems are determined in the aggregate, employing actuarial methods that are commonly used by health insurance actuaries and meet actuarial standards of practice. actuarial standards of practice require that the claim liabilities be appropriate under moderately adverse circumstances. we determine the amount of the liability for incurred but not paid claims by following a
detailed actuarial process that uses both historical claim payment patterns as well as emerging medical cost trends to project our best estimate of claim liabilities. under this process, historical paid claims data is formatted into "claim triangles," which compare claim incurred dates to the dates of claim payments. this information is analyzed to create "completion factors" that represent the average percentage of total incurred claims that have been paid through a given date after being incurred. completion factors are applied to claims paid through the period-end date to estimate the ultimate claim expense incurred for the period. actuarial estimates of incurred but not paid claim liabilities are then determined by subtracting the actual paid claims from the estimate of the ultimate incurred claims.
for the most recent incurred months (typically the most recent two months), the percentage of claims paid for claims incurred in those months is generally low. this makes the completion factor methodology less reliable for such months. therefore, incurred claims for recent months are not projected from historical completion and payment patterns; rather, they are projected by estimating the claims expense for those months based on recent claims expense levels and healthcare trend levels, or "trend factors."
because the reserve methodology is based upon historical information, it must be adjusted for known or suspected operational and environmental changes. these adjustments are made by our actuaries based on their knowledge and their estimate of emerging impacts to benefit costs and payment speed. circumstances to be considered in developing our best estimate of reserves include changes in utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations. a comparison of prior period liabilities to re-estimated claim liabilities based on subsequent claims development is also considered in making the liability determination. in our comparison to prior periods, the methods and assumptions are not changed as reserves are recalculated; rather, the availability of additional paid claims information drives changes in the re-estimate of the unpaid claim liability. to the extent appropriate, changes in such development are recorded as a change to current period benefit expense.
we regularly review and set assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization when initially establishing claim liabilities. we continually monitor and adjust the claims liability and benefit expense based on subsequent paid claims activity. if it is determined that our assumptions regarding cost trends and utilization are materially different than actual results, our income statement and financial position could be impacted in future periods. adjustments of prior year estimates may result in additional benefit expense or a reduction of benefit expense in the period an adjustment is made. further, due to the considerable variability of healthcare costs, adjustments to claim liabilities occur each period and are sometimes significant as compared to the net income recorded in that period. prior period development is recognized immediately upon the actuary's judgment that a portion of the prior period liability is no longer needed or that an additional liability should have been accrued. that determination is made when sufficient information is available to ascertain that the re-estimate of the liability is reasonable.
while there are many factors that are used as a part of the estimation of our medical claims payable liability, the two key assumptions having the most significant impact on our incurred but not paid claims liability as of december 31, 2017 were the completion and trend factors. as discussed above, these two key assumptions can be influenced by utilization levels, unit costs, mix of business, benefit plan designs, provider reimbursement levels, processing system conversions and changes, claim inventory levels, claim processing patterns, claim submission patterns and operational changes resulting from business combinations.
there is variation in the reasonable choice of completion factors by duration for durations of three months through twelve months where the completion factors have the most significant impact. as previously discussed, completion factors tend to be less reliable for the most recent months and therefore are not specifically utilized for months one and two. in our analysis for the claim liabilities at december 31, 2017, the variability in months three to five was estimated to be between 40 and 90 basis points, while months six through twelve have much lower estimated variability ranging from 0 to 30 basis points.
the difference in completion factor assumptions, assuming moderately adverse experience, results in variability of 2%, or approximately $191.0, in the december 31, 2017 incurred but not paid claims liability, depending on the completion factors chosen. it is important to note that the completion factor methodology inherently assumes that historical completion rates will be reflective of the current period. however, it is possible that the actual completion rates for the current period will develop differently from historical patterns and therefore could fall outside the possible variations described herein.
the other major assumption used in the establishment of the december 31, 2017 incurred but not paid claim liability was the trend factors. in our analysis for the period ended december 31, 2017, there was a 320 basis point differential in the high and low trend factors assuming moderately adverse experience. this range of trend factors would imply variability of 5%, or approximately $376.0, in the incurred but not paid claims liability, depending upon the trend factors used. because historical trend factors are often not representative of current claim trends, the trend experience for the most recent six to nine months, plus knowledge of recent events likely affecting current trends, have been taken into consideration in establishing the incurred but not paid claims liability at december 31, 2017.
see note 11, "medical claims payable," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for a reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance for medical claims payable for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015. components of the total incurred claims for each year include amounts accrued for current year estimated claims expense as well as adjustments to prior year estimated accruals. in note 11, "medical claims payable," the line labeled "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" accounts for those adjustments made to prior year estimates. the impact of any reduction of "net incurred medical claims: prior years redundancies" may be offset as we establish the estimate of "net incurred medical claims: current year." our reserving practice is to consistently recognize the actuarial best estimate of our ultimate liability for our claims. when we recognize a release of the redundancy, we disclose the amount that is not in the ordinary course of business, if material.
the ratio of current year medical claims paid as a percent of current year net medical claims incurred was 89.4% for 2017 and 89.1% for both 2016 and 2015. this ratio serves as an indicator of claims processing speed whereby claims were processed slightly faster during 2017 than in both 2016 and 2015.
we calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current year as a percent of prior year net incurred claims payable less prior year redundancies in the current year in order to demonstrate the development of the prior year reserves. for the year ended december 31, 2017, this metric was 18.8%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2016 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2016. for the year ended december 31, 2016, this metric was 14.0%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2015. for the year ended december 31, 2015, this metric was 15.1%, largely driven by favorable trend factor development at the end of 2014 as well as favorable completion factor development from 2014.
we calculate the percentage of prior year redundancies in the current period as a percent of prior year net incurred medical claims to indicate the percentage of redundancy included in the preceding year calculation of current year net incurred medical claims. we believe this calculation supports the reasonableness of our prior year estimate of incurred medical claims and the consistency in our methodology. for the year ended december 31, 2017, this metric was 1.8%, which was calculated using the redundancy of $1,164.6. this metric was 1.4% for both 2016 and 2015. these metrics demonstrate a generally consistent level of reserve conservatism.
the following table shows the variance between total net incurred medical claims as reported in note 11, "medical claims payable," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, for each of 2016 and 2015 and the incurred claims for such years had it been determined retrospectively (computed as the difference between "net incurred medical claims - current year" for the year shown and "net incurred medical claims - prior years redundancies" for the immediately following year):
given that our business is primarily short tailed (which means that medical claims are generally paid within twelve months of the member receiving service from the provider), the variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported above, is used to assess the reasonableness of our estimate of ultimate incurred medical claims for a given calendar year with
the benefit of one year of experience. we expect that substantially all of the development of the 2017 estimate of medical claims payable will be known during 2018.
the 2016 variance to total net incurred medical claims, as reported of 0.5% was greater than the 2015 percentage of 0.1%. the lower 2015 variance was driven by a similar level of prior year redundancies in 2016 associated with 2015 claim payments to the prior year redundancies in 2015 associated with 2014 claims payments. prior year redundancies in 2017 associated with 2016 claim payments were higher by comparison to the previous year, thus creating a higher 2016 variance.
income taxes we account for income taxes in accordance with fasb guidance, which requires, among other things, the separate recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities. such deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities represent the tax effect of temporary differences between financial reporting and tax reporting measured at tax rates enacted at the time the deferred tax asset or liability is recorded. a valuation allowance must be established for deferred tax assets if it is "more likely than not" that all or a portion may be unrealized. our judgment is required in determining an appropriate valuation allowance.
at each financial reporting date, we assess the adequacy of the valuation allowance by evaluating each of our deferred tax assets based on the following:
•   the types of temporary differences that created the deferred tax asset;
•   the amount of taxes paid in prior periods and available for a carry-back claim;
•   the tax rate at which the deferred tax assets will likely be utilized at in the future;
•   the forecasted future taxable income, and therefore, likely future deduction of the deferred tax item; and
•   any significant other issues impacting the likely realization of the benefit of the temporary differences.
we, like other companies, frequently face challenges from tax authorities regarding the amount of taxes due. these challenges include questions regarding the timing and amount of deductions that we have taken on our tax returns. in evaluating any additional tax liability associated with various positions taken in our tax return filings, we record additional liabilities for potential adverse tax outcomes. based on our evaluation of our tax positions, we believe we have appropriately accrued for uncertain tax benefits, as required by the guidance. to the extent we prevail in matters we have accrued for, our future effective tax rate would be reduced and net income would increase. if we are required to pay more than accrued, our future effective tax rate would increase and net income would decrease. our effective tax rate and net income in any given future period could be materially impacted.
in the ordinary course of business, we are regularly audited by federal and other tax authorities, and from time to time, these audits result in proposed assessments. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and we intend to defend our positions vigorously through the federal, state and local appeals processes. we believe we have adequately provided for any reasonably foreseeable outcome related to these matters. accordingly, although their ultimate resolution may require additional tax payments, we do not anticipate any material impact on our results of operations or financial condition from these matters.
for additional information, see note 7, "income taxes," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
goodwill and other intangible assets our consolidated goodwill at december 31, 2017 was $19,231.2 and other intangible assets were $8,368.4. the sum of goodwill and other intangible assets represented 39.1% of our total consolidated assets and 104.1% of our consolidated shareholders' equity at december 31, 2017.
we follow fasb guidance for business combinations and goodwill and other intangible assets, which specifies the types of acquired intangible assets that are required to be recognized and reported separately from goodwill. under the guidance, goodwill and other intangible assets (with indefinite lives) are not amortized but are tested for impairment at least annually.
furthermore, goodwill and other intangible assets are allocated to reporting units for purposes of the annual impairment test. our impairment tests require us to make assumptions and judgments regarding the estimated fair value of our reporting units, which include goodwill and other intangible assets. in addition, certain other intangible assets with indefinite lives, such as trademarks, are also tested separately.
we complete our annual impairment tests of existing goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite lives during the fourth quarter of each year. these tests involve the use of estimates related to the fair value of goodwill at the reporting unit level and other intangible assets with indefinite lives, and require a significant degree of management judgment and the use of subjective assumptions. certain interim impairment tests are also performed when potential impairment indicators exist or changes in our business or other triggering events occur.
fair value is estimated using the projected income and market valuation approaches for goodwill at the reporting unit level and the projected income approach for our indefinite lived intangible assets. use of the projected income and market valuation approaches for our goodwill impairment test reflects our view that both valuation methodologies provide a reasonable estimate of fair value. the projected income approach is developed using assumptions about future revenue, expenses and net income derived from our internal planning process. these estimated future cash flows are then discounted. our assumed discount rate is based on our industry's weighted-average cost of capital. market valuations are based on observed multiples of certain measures including revenue, ebitda, and book value of invested capital (debt and equity) and include market comparisons to publicly traded companies in our industry.
we did not incur any impairment losses as a result of our 2017 annual impairment tests, as the estimated fair values of our reporting units were substantially in excess of the carrying values as of december 31, 2017. additionally, we do not believe that the estimated fair values of our reporting units are at risk of becoming impaired in the next twelve months. however, as a result of certain provisions of the aca, we have experienced lower operating margins in certain lines of business. those margins could become further compressed with adverse changes in federal and state laws and regulations. as a result, the estimated fair values of certain of our reporting units with goodwill could fall below their carrying values in future periods and if that were to occur, we would be required to record impairment losses at that time.
while we believe we have appropriately allocated the purchase price of our acquisitions, this allocation requires many assumptions to be made regarding the fair value of assets and liabilities acquired. in addition, estimated fair values developed based on our assumptions and judgments might be significantly different if other reasonable assumptions and estimates were to be used. if estimated fair values are less than the carrying values of goodwill and other intangibles with indefinite lives in future annual impairment tests, or if significant impairment indicators are noted relative to other intangible assets subject to amortization, we may be required to record impairment losses against future income.
for additional information, see note 3, "business acquisitions" and note 9, "goodwill and other intangible assets," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
investments current and long-term available-for-sale investment securities were $21,570.1 at december 31, 2017 and represented 30.6% of our total consolidated assets at december 31, 2017. we classify fixed maturity and equity securities in our investment portfolio as "available-for-sale" or "trading" and report those securities at fair value. certain fixed maturity securities are available to support current operations and, accordingly, we classify such investments as current assets without regard to their contractual maturity. investments used to satisfy contractual, regulatory or other requirements are classified as long-term, without regard to contractual maturity.
we review investment securities to determine if declines in fair value below cost are other-than-temporary. this review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. we conduct this review on a quarterly basis, using both qualitative and quantitative factors, to determine whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary. such factors considered include the length of time and the extent to which a security's market value has been less than its cost, the reasons for the decline in value (i.e., credit event compared to liquidity, general credit spread widening, currency exchange rate or interest rate factors), financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, including the credit ratings and changes in the credit ratings of the issuer, recommendations of investment advisors, and forecasts of economic, market or industry trends. in addition, for equity securities, we determine whether we have the intent and ability to hold the security for a period of time to allow for a
recovery of its fair value above its carrying amount. if any declines of equity securities are determined to be other-than-temporary, we charge the losses to income when that determination is made.
certain fasb other-than-temporary impairment, or otti, guidance applies to fixed maturity securities and provides guidance on the recognition, presentation of, and disclosures for ottis. if a fixed maturity security is in an unrealized loss position and we have the intent to sell the fixed maturity security, or it is more likely than not that we will have to sell the fixed maturity security before recovery of its amortized cost basis, the decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary and is presented within the other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in income line item on our consolidated statements of income. for impaired fixed maturity securities that we do not intend to sell or it is more likely than not that we will not have to sell such securities, but we expect that we will not fully recover the amortized cost basis, the credit component of the otti is presented within the other-than-temporary impairment losses recognized in income line item on our consolidated statements of income and the non-credit component of the otti is recognized in other comprehensive income. furthermore, unrealized losses entirely caused by non-credit related factors related to fixed maturity securities for which we expect to fully recover the amortized cost basis continue to be recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
the credit component of an otti is determined primarily by comparing the net present value of projected future cash flows with the amortized cost basis of the fixed maturity security. the net present value is calculated by discounting our best estimate of projected future cash flows at the effective interest rate implicit in the fixed maturity security at the date of acquisition. for mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, cash flow estimates are based on assumptions regarding the underlying collateral including prepayment speeds, vintage, type of underlying asset, geographic concentrations, default rates, recoveries and changes in value. for all other securities, cash flow estimates are driven by assumptions regarding probability of default, including changes in credit ratings, and estimates regarding timing and amount of recoveries associated with a default.
we have a committee of accounting and investment associates and management that is responsible for managing the impairment review process. we believe we have adequately reviewed our investment securities for impairment and that our investment securities are carried at fair value. however, over time, the economic and market environment may provide additional insight regarding the fair value of certain securities, which could change our judgment regarding impairment. this could result in otti losses on investments being charged against future income. given the uncertainty of future market conditions, as well as the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and material otti losses on investments may be recorded in future periods.
in addition to available-for-sale investment securities, we held additional long-term investments of $3,343.8, or 4.7% of total consolidated assets, at december 31, 2017. these long-term investments consisted primarily of certain other equity investments, the cash surrender value of corporate-owned life insurance policies and real estate. due to their less liquid nature, these investments are classified as long-term.
through our investing activities, we are exposed to financial market risks, including those resulting from changes in interest rates and changes in equity market valuations. we manage market risks through our investment policy, which establishes credit quality limits and limits on investments in individual issuers. ineffective management of these risks could have an impact on our future results of operations and financial condition. our investment portfolio includes fixed maturity securities with a fair value of $17,938.1 at december 31, 2017. the weighted-average credit rating of these securities was "a" as of december 31, 2017. included in this balance are investments in fixed maturity securities of states, municipalities and political subdivisions, investments in mortgage-backed securities and investments in corporate securities of $1,205.1, $0.8 and $0.7, respectively, that are guaranteed by third parties. with the exception of nineteen securities with a fair value of $17.5, these securities are all investment-grade and carry a weighted-average credit rating of "a" as of december 31, 2017. the securities are guaranteed by a number of different guarantors, and we do not have any material exposure to any single guarantor, neither indirectly through the guarantees, nor directly through investment in the guarantor. further, due to the high underlying credit rating of the issuers, the weighted-average credit rating of the fixed maturity securities without a guarantee, for which such information is available, was "a" as of december 31, 2017.
fair values of available-for-sale fixed maturity and equity securities are based on quoted market prices, where available. these fair values are obtained primarily from third party pricing services, which generally use level i or level ii inputs for the determination of fair value in accordance with fasb guidance for fair value measurements and disclosures. we have
controls in place to review the pricing services' qualifications and procedures used to determine fair values. in addition, we periodically review the pricing services' pricing methodologies, data sources and pricing inputs to ensure the fair values obtained are reasonable.
we obtain only one quoted price for each security from the pricing services, which are derived through recently reported trades for identical or similar securities making adjustments through the reporting date based upon available market observable information. for securities not actively traded, the pricing services may use quoted market prices of comparable instruments or discounted cash flow analyses, incorporating inputs that are currently observable in the markets for similar securities. inputs that are often used in these valuation methodologies include, but are not limited to, broker quotes, benchmark yields, credit spreads, default rates and prepayment speeds. as we are responsible for the determination of fair value, we perform monthly analysis on the prices received from the pricing services to determine whether the prices are reasonable estimates of fair value. our analysis includes a review of month-to-month price fluctuations. if unusual fluctuations are noted in this review, we may obtain additional information from other pricing services to validate the quoted price. there were no adjustments to quoted market prices obtained from the pricing services during the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016.
in certain circumstances, it may not be possible to derive pricing model inputs from observable market activity, and therefore, such inputs are estimated internally. such securities are designated level iii in accordance with fasb guidance. securities designated level iii at december 31, 2017 totaled $537.5 and represented approximately 2.2% of our total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis. our level iii securities primarily consisted of certain corporate securities, equity securities and structured securities for which observable inputs were not always available and the fair values of these securities were estimated using internal estimates for inputs including, but not limited to, prepayment speeds, credit spreads, default rates and benchmark yields.
for additional information, see part ii, item 7a "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," and part ii, item 8, note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies," note 4, "investments," and note 6, "fair value," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
retirement benefits pension benefits we sponsor defined benefit pension plans for some of our employees. these plans are accounted for in accordance with fasb guidance for retirement benefits, which requires that amounts recognized in financial statements be determined on an actuarial basis. as permitted by the guidance, we calculate the value of plan assets as described below. further, the difference between our expected rate of return and the actual performance of plan assets, as well as certain changes in pension liabilities, are amortized over future periods.
an important factor in determining our pension expense is the assumption for expected long-term return on plan assets. as of our december 31, 2017 measurement date, we selected a weighted-average long-term rate of return on plan assets of 7.83%. we use a total portfolio return analysis in the development of our assumption. factors such as past market performance, the long-term relationship between fixed maturity and equity securities, interest rates, inflation and asset allocations are considered in the assumption. the assumption includes an estimate of the additional return expected from active management of the investment portfolio. peer data and an average of historical returns are also reviewed for appropriateness of the selected assumption. we believe our assumption of future returns is reasonable. however, if we lower our expected long-term return on plan assets, future contributions to the pension plan and pension expense would likely increase.
this assumed long-term rate of return on assets is applied to a calculated value of plan assets, which recognizes changes in the fair value of plan assets in a systematic manner over three years, producing the expected return on plan assets that is included in the determination of pension expense. we apply a corridor approach to amortize unrecognized actuarial gains or losses. under this approach, only accumulated net actuarial gains or losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the projected benefit obligation or the fair value of plan assets are amortized over the average remaining service or lifetime of the workforce as a component of pension expense. the net deferral of past asset gains or losses affects the calculated value of plan assets and, ultimately, future pension expense.
the discount rate reflects the current rate at which the pension liabilities could be effectively settled at the end of the year based on our most recent measurement date. at the december 31, 2017 measurement date, we changed the discount rate setting methodology from the single equivalent discount rate to the annual spot rate approach. under the spot rate approach, individual spot rates from a full yield curve of published rates are used to discount each plan's cash flows to determine the plan's obligation. the spot rate approach produces a more precise measure of service and interest cost, and results in obligations that are equal at the measurement date under both methods. the weighted-average discount rate under the annual spot rate approach was 3.44% at the december 31, 2017 measurement date. the weighted-average discount rate under the single equivalent discount rate approach was 3.77% at the december 31, 2016 measurement date. the net effect of changes in the discount rate, as well as the net effect of other changes in actuarial assumptions and experience, have been deferred and amortized as a component of pension expense in accordance with fasb guidance.
in managing the plan assets, our objective is to be a responsible fiduciary while minimizing financial risk. plan assets include a diversified mix of investment grade fixed maturity securities, equity securities and alternative investments across a range of sectors and levels of capitalization to maximize the long-term return for a prudent level of risk. in addition to producing a reasonable return, the investment strategy seeks to minimize the volatility in our expense and cash flow.
other postretirement benefits we provide most associates with certain medical, vision and dental benefits upon retirement. we use various actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate and the expected trend in healthcare costs, to estimate the costs and benefit obligations for our retiree benefits.
the assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of pre-medicare (those who are not currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2017 measurement date was 8.00% for 2018 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2028. the assumed healthcare cost trend rates used to measure the expected cost of post-medicare (those who are currently eligible for medicare benefits) other benefits at our december 31, 2017 measurement date was 6.00% for 2018 with a gradual decline to 4.50% by the year 2028. these estimated trend rates are subject to change in the future. the healthcare cost trend rate assumption affects the amounts reported. for example, an increase in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate of one percentage point would increase the postretirement benefit obligation as of december 31, 2017 by $35.0 and would increase service and interest costs by $1.6. conversely, a decrease in the assumed healthcare cost trend rate of one percentage point would decrease the postretirement benefit obligation as of december 31, 2017 by $30.3 and would decrease service and interest costs by $1.4.
for additional information regarding our retirement benefits, see note 10, "retirement benefits," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
new accounting pronouncements for information regarding new accounting pronouncements that were issued or became effective during the year ended december 31, 2017 that had, or are expected to have, a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or financial statement disclosures, see the "recently adopted accounting guidance" and "recent accounting guidance not yet adopted" sections of note 2, "basis of presentation and significant accounting policies" to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
liquidity and capital resources introduction our cash receipts result primarily from premiums, administrative fees, investment income, other revenue, proceeds from the sale or maturity of our investment securities, proceeds from borrowings, and proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. cash disbursements result mainly from claims payments, administrative expenses, taxes, purchases of investment securities, interest expense, payments on borrowings, acquisitions, capital expenditures, repurchases
of our debt securities and common stock and the payment of cash dividends. cash outflows fluctuate with the amount and timing of settlement of these transactions. any future decline in our profitability would likely have an unfavorable impact on our liquidity.
we manage our cash, investments and capital structure so we are able to meet the short and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining financial flexibility and liquidity. we forecast, analyze and monitor our cash flows to enable investment and financing within the overall constraints of our financial strategy.
a substantial portion of the assets held by our regulated subsidiaries are in the form of cash and cash equivalents and investments. after considering expected cash flows from operating activities, we generally invest cash that exceeds our near term obligations in longer term marketable fixed maturity securities to improve our overall investment income returns. our investment strategy is to make investments consistent with insurance statutes and other regulatory requirements, while preserving our asset base. our investments are generally available-for-sale to meet liquidity and other needs. our subsidiaries pay out excess capital annually in the form of dividends to their respective parent companies for general corporate use, as permitted by applicable regulations.
the availability of financing in the form of debt or equity is influenced by many factors including our profitability, operating cash flows, debt levels, debt ratings, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements and market conditions. the securities and credit markets have in the past experienced higher than normal volatility, although current market conditions are more stable. during recent years, the federal government and various governmental agencies have taken a number of steps to improve liquidity in the financial markets and strengthen the regulation of the financial services market. in addition, governments around the world have developed their own plans to provide liquidity and security in the credit markets and to ensure adequate capital in certain financial institutions.
we have a $2,500.0 commercial paper program. should commercial paper issuance be unavailable, we have the ability to use a combination of cash on hand and/or our $3,500.0 senior revolving credit facility to redeem any outstanding commercial paper upon maturity. additionally, we believe the lenders participating in our credit facility would be willing and able to provide financing in accordance with their legal obligations. in addition to the $3,500.0 senior revolving credit facility, we estimate that we will receive approximately $2,200.0 of dividends from our subsidiaries during 2018, which also provides further operating and financial flexibility.
the table below outlines the cash flows provided by or used in operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015:
operating activities                                               $4,184.8                $3,270.2                $4,211.9
effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents           4.3                     4.1                    (5.3    )
during the year ended december 31, 2017, net cash flow provided by operating activities was $4,184.8, compared to $3,270.2 for the year ended december 31, 2016, an increase of $914.6. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in premium receipts as a result of both rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends, and growth in membership. the increase in cash flow was partially offset by an increase in claims payments due to higher medical cost experience and growth in membership. the increase was further offset by an increase in spend to support our growth initiatives, the timing of provider capitation payments for pass-through funding under the california medicaid contract and the timing of certain state medicaid payments.
net cash flow used in investing activities was $5,082.4 during the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to $513.9 for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in cash flow used in investing activities of $4,568.5 was primarily due to an increase in net purchases of investments, the acquisition of healthsun and an increase in purchases of property and equipment. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in collateral held under our securities lending programs.
net cash flow provided by financing activities was $426.9 during the year ended december 31, 2017, compared to net cash flow used in financing activities of $798.6 for the year ended december 31, 2016. the change in cash flow from financing activities of $1,225.5 primarily resulted from an increase in net proceeds from long-term, short-term and commercial paper borrowings, a decrease in payments on debt-related derivatives and an increase in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans. these sources of cash were partially offset by cash used for the repurchase of common stock in 2017, an increase in repayments of collateral under our securities lending programs and a decrease in bank overdrafts.
during the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash flow provided by operating activities was $3,270.2, compared to $4,211.9 for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $941.7. the decrease was primarily attributable to an increase in claims payments due to higher medical cost experience and growth in membership. the decrease was further due to the timing of claim reimbursements from our self-insured customers. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in premium receipts as a result of rate increases across our businesses designed to cover overall cost trends and growth in membership. the decrease was further offset by an increase in pharmacy rebates received.
net cash flow used in investing activities was $513.9 during the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $1,151.5 for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in cash flow used in investing activities of $637.6 was primarily due to a decrease in cash used for the purchase of subsidiaries, as net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2015 included the purchase of simply healthcare while there were no purchases of subsidiaries during the year ended december 31, 2016. this decrease was partially offset by an increase in net purchases of investments.
net cash flow used in financing activities was $798.6 during the year ended december 31, 2016, compared to $3,093.3 for the year ended december 31, 2015. the decrease in cash flow used in financing activities of $2,294.7 primarily resulted from a decrease in common stock repurchases, as we did not repurchase any common stock during the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease was further due to a reduction in net repayments of short- and long-term borrowings and changes in bank overdrafts. the decrease in cash flow used in financing activities was partially offset by changes in commercial paper borrowings, payments on debt-related derivatives in 2016, a decrease in proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans and a decrease in excess tax benefits from share-based compensation.
financial condition we maintained a strong financial condition and liquidity position, with consolidated cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities of $25,179.0 at december 31, 2017. since december 31, 2016, total cash, cash equivalents and investments in fixed maturity and equity securities increased by $1,916.3 primarily due to cash generated from operations, net proceeds obtained from long- and short-term borrowings, proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee stock plans and net proceeds received from commercial paper borrowings. these increases were partially offset by cash used for the purchase of healthsun, repurchases of common stock, cash dividends paid to shareholders, purchases of property and equipment and collateral payments and settlements of debt-related derivatives.
many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to their respective parent companies. certain accounting practices prescribed by insurance regulatory authorities, or statutory accounting practices, differ from gaap. changes that occur in statutory accounting practices, if any, could impact our subsidiaries' future dividend capacity. in addition, we have agreed to certain undertakings to regulatory authorities, including the requirement to maintain certain capital levels in certain of our subsidiaries.
at december 31, 2017, we held $2,759.8 of cash, cash equivalents and investments at the parent company, which are available for general corporate use, including investment in our businesses, acquisitions, potential future common stock repurchases and dividends to shareholders, repurchases of debt securities and debt and interest payments.
debt we generally issue senior unsecured notes, or notes, for long-term borrowing purposes. certain of these notes may have a call feature that allows us to redeem the notes at any time at our option and/or a put feature that allows a note holder to redeem the notes upon the occurrence of both a change in control event and a downgrade of the notes below an investment grade rating.
on december 14, 2017, we redeemed the $255.2 remaining outstanding principal balance of our 7.000% notes due 2019, plus applicable premium for early redemption and accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, for cash totaling $275.0. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $14.3 for the repurchase of these notes.
on november 21, 2017, we issued $900.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.500% notes due 2020, $750.0 aggregate principal amount of 2.950% notes due 2022, $850.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.350% notes due 2024, $1,600.0 aggregate principal amount of 3.650% notes due 2027 and $1,400.0 aggregate principal amount of 4.375% notes due 2047 under our shelf registration statement. interest on the 2020 notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on may 21 and november 21 of each year, commencing on may 21, 2018. interest on the 2022 notes, the 2024 notes, the 2027 notes and the 2047 notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year, commencing on june 1, 2018. the net proceeds were used to fund the acquisitions of healthsun and america's 1st choice; redemption of the 7.000% notes due 2019, discussed above; and redemption of the tender notes, discussed below. we intend to use the remaining net proceeds for working capital and general corporate purposes.
on november 14, 2017, we initiated a cash tender offer to purchase any and all of our 7.000% notes due 2019, or the any and all notes, and certain of our 5.950% notes due 2034, 5.850% notes due 2036, 6.375% notes due 2037, 5.800% notes due 2040 and 5.100% notes due 2044, or the maximum tender offer notes, and collectively with the any and all notes, the tender notes. on november 21, 2017, we repurchased $185.1 aggregate principal amount of the any and all notes, plus applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, for cash totaling $199.4. on november 30, 2017, we repurchased $836.3 aggregate principal amount of the maximum tender offer notes, plus applicable premium and accrued and unpaid interest, for cash totaling $1,095.4. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $265.6 for the repurchase of the tender notes.
on june 15, 2017 and february 15, 2017, we repaid, upon maturity, the $528.8 outstanding balance of our 5.875% notes and the $400.0 outstanding balance of our 2.375% notes, respectively.
during the year ended december 31, 2017, $117.3 of the aggregate principal balance of our outstanding senior convertible debentures due 2042, or the debentures, were surrendered for conversion by certain holders. we elected to settle the excess of the principal amount of the conversions with cash for total payments of $344.8. we recognized a loss on the extinguishment of debt related to the debentures of $2.5, based on the fair values of the debt on the conversion settlement dates. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we repurchased $920.0 in aggregate principal amount of the debentures. in addition, $66.6 aggregate principal amount was surrendered for conversion. we elected to settle the excess of the principal amount of the repurchases and conversions with cash for total payments of $2,055.7 and recognized a gain on the extinguishment of debt of $12.7. there were no repurchases or material conversions during the year ended december 31, 2016.
on september 10, 2015, we repaid, upon maturity, the $625.0 outstanding principal balance of our 1.25% senior unsecured notes due 2015. additionally, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we repurchased $13.0 of outstanding principal balance of certain other senior unsecured notes, plus applicable premium, accrued and unpaid interest, for cash totaling $16.2. we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $3.4 on the repurchase of these notes.
on may 12, 2015, we issued 25.0 equity units, pursuant to an underwriting agreement dated may 6, 2015, in an aggregate principal amount of $1,250.0. each equity unit has a stated amount of $50 (whole dollars) and consists of a purchase contract obligating the holder to purchase a certain number of shares of our common stock on may 1, 2018, subject to earlier termination or settlement, for a price in cash of $50 (whole dollars); and a 5% undivided beneficial ownership interest in $1,000 (whole dollars) principal amount of our 1.900% remarketable subordinated notes, due 2028. we received $1,228.8 in cash proceeds from the issuance of the equity units, net of underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses payable by us, and recorded $1,250.0 in long-term debt.
for additional information related to our borrowing activities, see note 12, "debt" to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we calculate our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio, a non-gaap measure, from the amounts presented on our audited consolidated balance sheets included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. our debt-to-capital ratio is calculated as the sum of short-term borrowings, plus current portion of long-term debt, plus long-term debt, less current portion, divided by the sum of short-term borrowings, plus current portion of long-term debt, plus long-term debt, less current portion, plus total shareholders' equity. we believe our debt-to-capital ratio assists investors and rating agencies in measuring our overall leverage and additional borrowing capacity. in addition, our bank covenants include a maximum debt-to-capital ratio that we cannot and did not exceed. our debt-to-capital ratio may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. our consolidated debt-to-capital ratio was 42.9% and 38.5% as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
our senior debt is rated "a" by s&p global, "bbb" by fitch ratings, inc., "baa2" by moody's investor service, inc. and "bbb+" by am best company, inc. we intend to maintain our senior debt investment grade ratings. if our credit ratings are downgraded, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by limitations on future borrowings and a potential increase in our borrowing costs.
future sources and uses of liquidity we have a shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. specific information regarding terms and securities being offered will be provided at the time of an offering. proceeds from future offerings are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the repayment of debt, investments in or extensions of credit to our subsidiaries and the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansion.
we have a senior revolving credit facility, or the facility, with a group of lenders for general corporate purposes. the facility provides credit up to $3,500.0 and matures on august 25, 2020. the interest rate on the facility is based on either the libor rate or a base rate plus a predetermined rate based on our public debt rating at the date of utilization. our ability to borrow under the facility is subject to compliance with certain covenants. there were no amounts outstanding under the facility at december 31, 2017 or 2016.
in august 2017, we entered into two separate 364-day lines of credit with separate lenders for general corporate purposes. the facilities provide combined credit up to $450.0. the interest rate on each line of credit is based on the libor rate plus a predetermined rate. our ability to borrow under the lines of credit is subject to compliance with certain covenants. we had $450.0 outstanding under these lines of credit at december 31, 2017.
we have an authorized commercial paper program of up to $2,500.0, the proceeds of which may be used for general corporate purposes. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had $803.6 and $629.0, respectively, of borrowings outstanding under our commercial paper program. commercial paper borrowings are classified as long-term debt as our general practice and intent is to replace short-term commercial paper outstanding at expiration with additional short-term commercial paper for an uninterrupted period extending for more than one year, and we have the ability to redeem our commercial paper with borrowings under the facility described above.
we are a member, through certain subsidiaries, of the federal home loan bank of indianapolis, the federal home loan bank of cincinnati and the federal home loan bank of atlanta, collectively, the fhlbs, and as a member we have the ability to obtain short-term cash advances subject to certain minimum collateral requirements. at december 31, 2017 and 2016, $825.0 and $440.0, respectively, were outstanding under our short-term fhlbs borrowings.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we entered into a bridge facility commitment letter and a joinder agreement, and a term loan facility, to finance a portion of the consideration under the now terminated cigna merger agreement. in january 2017, we reduced the size of the bridge facility from $22,500.0 to $19,500.0 and extended the termination date under the cigna merger agreement, as well as the availability of commitments under the bridge facility and term loan facility, to april 30, 2017. we recorded $107.9, $104.0 and $36.8 of interest expense related to the amortization of the bridge loan facility and other related fees during the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. the commitment of the lenders to provide the bridge facility and term loan facility expired on april 30, 2017.
as discussed in "financial condition" above, many of our subsidiaries are subject to various government regulations that restrict the timing and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid. based upon these requirements, we are currently estimating approximately $2,200.0 of dividends to be paid to the parent company during 2018. during 2017, we received $2,268.0 of dividends from our subsidiaries.
we regularly review the appropriate use of capital, including acquisitions, common stock and debt security repurchases and dividends to shareholders. the declaration and payment of any dividends or repurchases of our common stock or debt is at the discretion of our board of directors and depends upon our financial condition, results of operations, future liquidity needs, regulatory and capital requirements and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.
a summary of the cash dividend activity for the year ended december 31, 2017 is as follows:
on january 30, 2018, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend to shareholders of $0.75 per share on the outstanding shares of our common stock. this quarterly dividend is payable on march 23, 2018 to the shareholders of record as of march 9, 2018.
under our board of directors' authorization, we maintain a common stock repurchase program. on december 7, 2017, the board of directors authorized a $5,000.0 increase to the common stock repurchase program. repurchases may be made from time to time at prevailing market prices, subject to certain restrictions on volume, pricing and timing. the repurchases are effected from time to time in the open market, through negotiated transactions, including accelerated share repurchase agreements, and through plans designed to comply with rule 10b5-1 under the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended. our stock repurchase program is discretionary as we are under no obligation to repurchase shares. we repurchase shares under the program when we believe it is a prudent use of capital. the excess cost of the repurchased shares over par value is charged on a pro rata basis to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings.
a summary of common stock repurchases for the period january 1, 2018 through february 9, 2018 (subsequent to december 31, 2017) and for the year ended december 31, 2017 is as follows:
authorization remaining at the end of each period                      $7,021.5                                 $7,178.1
we expect to utilize the remaining authorized amount over a multi-year period, subject to market and industry conditions.
contractual obligations and commitments our estimated contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2017 are as follows:
off-balance sheet:
operating lease commitments                             898.5                   154.5                   269.4                   188.6                       286.0
2   primarily consists of reserves for future policy benefits, projected other postretirement benefits, deferred compensation, supplemental executive retirement plan liabilities and certain other miscellaneous long-term obligations. estimated future payments for funded pension benefits have been excluded from this table as we had no funding requirements under erisa at december 31, 2017 as a result of the value of the assets in the plans.
3   includes estimated payments for future services under contractual arrangements from third-party service contracts.
4   includes unfunded capital commitments for alternative investments.
the above table does not contain $211.5 of gross liabilities for uncertain tax positions and interest for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of the resolutions with the respective taxing authorities. for further information, see note 7, "income taxes," to the audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in addition to the contractual obligations and commitments discussed above, we have a variety of other contractual agreements related to acquiring materials and services used in our operations. however, we do not believe these other agreements contain material noncancelable commitments.
we believe that funds from future operating cash flows, cash and investments and funds available under our facility and/or from public or private financing sources, will be sufficient for future operations and commitments, and for capital acquisitions and other strategic transactions.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any off-balance sheet derivative instruments, guarantee transactions, agreements or other contractual arrangements or any indemnification agreements that will require funding in future periods. we have not transferred assets to an unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. we do not hold any variable interest in an unconsolidated entity where such entity provides us with financing, liquidity, market risk or credit risk support.
risk-based capital our regulated subsidiaries' states of domicile have statutory risk-based capital, or rbc, requirements for health and other insurance companies and health maintenance organizations largely based on the national association of insurance commissioners, or naic, risk-based capital (rbc) for health organizations model act, or rbc model act. these rbc requirements are intended to measure capital adequacy, taking into account the risk characteristics of an insurer's investments and products. the naic sets forth the formula for calculating the rbc requirements, which are designed to take into account asset risks, insurance risks, interest rate risks and other relevant risks with respect to an individual insurance company's business. in general, under the rbc model act, an insurance company must submit a report of its rbc level to the state insurance department or insurance commissioner, as appropriate, at the end of each calendar year. our regulated subsidiaries'
respective rbc levels as of december 31, 2017, which was the most recent date for which reporting was required, were in excess of all mandatory rbc requirements. in addition to exceeding the rbc requirements, we are in compliance with the liquidity and capital requirements for a licensee of the bcbsa and with the tangible net worth requirements applicable to certain of our california subsidiaries.
for additional information, see note 21, "statutory information," to our audited consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.