item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes which appear under item 8 in this annual report on form 10-k.
overview we are a leading semiconductor company that designs, develops and markets high-performance power solutions. founded in 1997, mps's core strengths include deep system-level and applications knowledge, strong analog design expertise and an innovative proprietary process technology. these combined strengths enable mps to deliver highly integrated monolithic products that offer energy efficient, cost-effective, easy-to-use solutions for systems found in consumer, computing and storage, industrial, automotive and communications applications. our mission is to reduce total energy consumption in our customers' systems with green, practical and compact solutions. we believe that we differentiate ourselves by offering solutions that are more highly integrated, smaller in size, more energy efficient, more accurate with respect to performance specifications and, consequently, more cost-effective than many competing solutions. we plan to continue to introduce new products within our existing product families, as well as in new innovative product categories.
we operate in the cyclical semiconductor industry where there is seasonal demand for certain products. we are not immune from current and future industry downturns, but we have targeted product and market areas that we believe have the ability to offer above average industry performance over the long term.
we work with third parties to manufacture and assemble our integrated circuits ("ics"). this has enabled us to limit our capital expenditures and fixed costs, while focusing our engineering and design resources on our core strengths.
following the introduction of a product, our sales cycle generally takes a number of quarters after we receive an initial customer order for a new product to ramp up. typical lead time for orders is fewer than 90 days. these factors, combined with the fact that orders in the semiconductor industry can typically be cancelled or rescheduled without significant penalty to the customer, make the forecasting of our orders and revenue difficult.
we derive most of our revenue from sales through distribution arrangements and direct sales to customers in asia, where our products are incorporated into end-user products. for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our revenue from sales to customers in asia was 89%, 91% and 91%, respectively. we derive a majority of our revenue from the sales of our dc to dc converter products which serve the consumer, computing and storage, industrial, automotive and communications markets. we believe our ability to achieve revenue growth will depend, in part, on our ability to develop new products, enter new market segments, gain market share, manage litigation risk, diversify our customer base and continue to secure manufacturing capacity.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. we evaluate our estimates on an on-going basis, including those related to revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, inventories, income taxes, valuation of goodwill and intangible assets, and contingencies. we base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making the judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.  estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements are, by their nature, uncertain and unpredictable, and depend upon, among other things, many factors outside of our control, such as demand for our products and economic conditions.  accordingly, our estimates and judgments may prove to be incorrect and actual results may differ, perhaps significantly, from these estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies reflect our more significant judgments used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition our revenue consists primarily of product sales of assembled and tested integrated circuits and dies in wafer form to the consumer, computing and storage, industrial, automotive and communications markets. the remaining revenue has not been significant historically and primarily includes royalties from licensing arrangements and revenue from wafer testing services for third parties.
we recognize revenue based on the following four criteria: (1) persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (3) the fee is fixed or determinable; and (4) collectability is reasonably assured. determination of criteria (3) and (4) is based on management's judgment regarding the fixed nature of the fees charged for products delivered and the collectability of those fees. the application of these criteria has resulted in us generally recognizing revenue upon shipment or delivery (when title and risk of loss have transferred to customers), including to most of the distributors, original equipment manufacturers and electronic manufacturing service providers.
for each of the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, 88% of our sales, respectively, were made through distribution arrangements with third parties. we generally recognize revenue upon shipment or delivery of products to the distributors based on the following considerations:
(1)   the price is fixed or determinable at the date of sale. we do not offer special payment terms (our normal payment terms are 30-45 days for our distributors) or price adjustments to distributors when we recognize revenue upon shipment or delivery.
(2)   the distributors are obligated to pay us and this obligation is not contingent on the resale of our products.
(3)   the distributors' obligation is unchanged in the event of theft or physical destruction or damage to the products.
(4)   the distributors have stand-alone economic substance apart from our relationship.
(5)   we do not have any obligations for future performance to directly bring about the resale of our products by the distributors.
(6)   the amount of future returns can be reasonably estimated.
certain of our large distributors have contracts that include limited stock rotation rights that permit the return of a small percentage of the previous six months' purchases. we maintain a sales reserve for stock rotation rights, which is based on historical experience of actual stock rotation returns on a per-distributor basis and information related to products in the distribution channel. this reserve is recorded at the time of sale. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, our reserve for stock rotation rights was $2.6 million and $1.9 million, respectively.
if we enter into arrangements with distributors that have price adjustment or other rights that are not fixed or determinable, we recognize revenue under such arrangements only after the distributors have sold the products to end customers, at which time the price is no longer subject to adjustment and is fixed. three of our u.s.-based distributors have such price adjustment rights and accordingly, we defer revenue recognition on these shipments until the products are sold to the end customers by the distributors. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, our deferred revenue balance before the price adjustments from these distributors was $1.9 million and $3.7 million, and the deferred costs were $0.2 million and $0.3 million, respectively.
on january 1, 2018, we adopted accounting standards update ("asu") no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606). the primary effects of the new standard for us related to the timing of revenue recognition with the three u.s.-based distributors with price adjustment rights. see "recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 31, 2017" in note 1 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
inventory valuation we value our inventory at the lower of the standard cost (which approximates actual cost on a first-in, first-out basis) or its current estimated net realizable value.  we write down inventory for obsolescence or lack of demand, based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required. conversely, if market conditions are more favorable, inventory may be sold that was previously reserved.
valuation of goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets we evaluate intangible assets with finite lives for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that an impairment may exist. we perform an annual impairment assessment for goodwill in the fourth quarter, or more frequently if indicators of potential impairment exist. impairment of intangible assets is recognized based on the difference between the fair value of the assets and their carrying value. impairment for goodwill occurs if the fair value of a reporting unit including goodwill is less than its carrying value and is recognized based on the difference between the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill and the carrying value of the goodwill. the assumptions and estimates used to determine the fair value of goodwill and intangible assets are complex and subjective. they can be affected by various factors, including external factors such as industry and economic trends, and internal factors such as changes in our business strategy and revenue forecasts. if there is a significant adverse change in our business in the future, including macroeconomic and market conditions, we may be required to record impairment charges on our goodwill and acquisition-related intangible assets.
accounting for income taxes we recognize federal, state and foreign current tax liabilities or assets based on our estimate of taxes payable or refundable in the current fiscal year by tax jurisdiction. we also recognize federal, state and foreign deferred tax assets or liabilities for our estimate of future tax effects attributable to temporary differences and carryforwards. we record a valuation allowance to reduce any deferred tax assets by the amount of any tax benefits that, based on available evidence and judgment, are not expected to be realized.
our calculation of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities is based on certain estimates and judgments and involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. our estimates of current and deferred tax assets and liabilities may change based, in part, on added certainty or finality or uncertainty to an anticipated outcome, changes in accounting or tax laws in the u.s. or foreign jurisdictions where we operate, or changes in other facts or circumstances. in addition, we recognize liabilities for potential u.s. and foreign income tax for uncertain income tax positions taken on our tax returns if it has less than a 50% likelihood of being sustained. if we determine that payment of these amounts is unnecessary or if the recorded tax liability is less than our current assessment, we may be required to recognize an income tax benefit or additional income tax expense in our financial statements in the period such determination is made. we have calculated our uncertain tax positions which were attributable to certain estimates and judgments primarily related to transfer pricing, cost sharing and our international tax structure exposure.
on december 22, 2017, the tax legislation commonly known as the tax cuts and jobs act (the "2017 tax act") was enacted, which significantly changed u.s. corporate income tax law. the 2017 tax act made the following material changes: (1) reduction of the corporate income tax rate effective january 1, 2018; (2) replacement of the worldwide tax system with a territorial tax regime, with a one-time mandatory tax on previously deferred foreign earnings; (3) amendment on the deductibility of executive performance-based compensation, and (4) creation of new taxes on certain foreign-sourced earnings.
as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, we had a valuation allowance of $12.6 million and $27.4 million, respectively, attributable to management's determination that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. in the fourth quarter of 2017, management assessed the realizability of the deferred tax assets and concluded that a full valuation allowance would no longer be needed on the federal deferred tax assets, due principally to the enactment of the 2017 tax act. as a result, we released $21.6 million of valuation allowance which was recorded as a benefit in the income tax provision. in the event we determine that it is more likely than not that we would be able to realize other deferred tax assets in the future in excess of our net recorded amount, an adjustment to the valuation allowance for the deferred tax asset would increase income in the period such determination was made. likewise, should it be determined that additional amounts of the net deferred tax asset will not be realized in the future, an adjustment to increase the deferred tax asset valuation allowance will be charged to income in the period such determination is made.
income tax effects resulting from changes in tax laws are accounted for in the period in which the law is enacted. as of december 31, 2017, we have not completed our accounting for the tax effects of the 2017 tax act, including the calculation of the deemed repatriation transition tax and the remeasurement of the deferred taxes. as permitted by staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118") issued by the securities and exchange commission on december 22, 2017, we recorded provisional amounts based on reasonable estimates for the year ended december 31, 2017. these provisional amounts are subject to revisions, possibly materially, as we perform further analysis of the 2017 tax act, collect and prepare necessary financial data, continue to assess our tax positions, and interpret any additional guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department, internal revenue service ("irs"), financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), and other standard-setting and regulatory bodies. any subsequent adjustment to these amounts will be recorded to the income tax provision in the period when the analysis is complete. we expect to complete the analysis within the one-year measurement period ending december 21, 2018, pursuant to sab 118.
contingencies we are a party to actions and proceedings in the ordinary course of business, including potential litigation regarding our shareholders and our intellectual property, challenges to the enforceability or validity of our intellectual property, claims that our products infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, and employment matters. the pending proceedings involve complex questions of fact and law and will require the expenditure of significant funds and the diversion of other resources to prosecute and defend. in addition, from time to time, we become aware that we are subject to other contingent liabilities. when this occurs, we will evaluate the appropriate accounting for the potential contingent liabilities to determine whether a contingent liability should be recorded. in making this determination, management may, depending on the nature of the matter, consult with internal and external legal counsel and technical experts. based on the facts and circumstances in each matter, we use our judgment to determine whether it is probable that a contingent loss has occurred and whether the amount of such loss can be estimated. if we determine a loss is probable and estimable, we record a contingent loss. in determining the amount of a contingent loss, we take into account advice received from experts for each specific matter regarding the status of legal proceedings, settlement negotiations, prior case history and other factors. should the judgments and estimates made by management need to be adjusted as additional information becomes available, we may need to record additional contingent losses that could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. alternatively, if the judgments and estimates made by management are adjusted, for example, if a particular contingent loss does not occur, the contingent loss recorded would be reversed which could result in a favorable impact on our results of operations.
stock-based compensation we measure the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award.  the fair value of restricted stock units ("rsus") with service conditions or performance conditions is based on the grant date share price. the fair value of rsus with only market conditions, as well as rsus containing both market and performance conditions, is estimated using a monte carlo simulation model.  the fair value of stock options, shares issued under the employee stock purchase plan and rsus with a purchase price feature is estimated using the black-scholes model.
compensation expense related to awards with service conditions is recorded on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. compensation expense related to awards subject to market or performance conditions is recognized over the requisite service period for each separately vesting tranche. for awards with only market conditions, compensation expense is not reversed if the market conditions are not satisfied. for awards with only performance conditions, as well as awards containing both market and performance conditions, we recognize compensation expense when it becomes probable that the performance criteria will be achieved. management performs the probability assessment on a quarterly basis by reviewing external factors, such as macroeconomic conditions and the analog industry forecasts, and internal factors, such as our business and operational objectives and revenue forecasts. changes in the probability assessment of achievement of the performance conditions are accounted for in the period of change by recording a cumulative catch-up adjustment as if the new estimate had been applied since the service inception date. if the projected achievement was revised upward or if the actual results were higher than the projected achievement, additional compensation expense would be recorded for the awards due to the cumulative catch-up adjustment, which would have an adverse impact on our results of operations. conversely, if the projected achievement was revised downward or if the actual results were lower than the projected achievement, previously accrued compensation expense would be reversed for the awards, which would have a favorable impact on our results of operations. as a result, our stock-based compensation expense is subject to volatility and may fluctuate significantly each quarter due to changes in our probability assessment or actual results being different from projections made by management.
recent accounting pronouncements refer to note 1 to our consolidated financial statements regarding recently adopted accounting pronouncements and recent accounting pronouncements not yet adopted as of december 31, 2017.
results of operations the following table summarizes our results of operations:
cost of revenue                                 212,646              45.2                  177,792              45.7                  152,898              45.9
gross profit                                    258,283              54.8                  210,873              54.3                  180,169              54.1
operating expenses:
research and development                         82,359              17.5                   73,643              18.9                   65,787              19.8
litigation expense (benefit), net                 1,243               0.2                     (229   )             -                    1,000               0.3
total operating expenses                        180,859              38.4                  156,426              40.3                  139,099              41.8
revenue the following table summarizes our revenue by end market, based on management's assessment of available end market data:
year ended december 31,                                                                          change
end market              2017                              % of       2016                             % of       2015                             % of                 from                  from revenue                                     revenue                                     revenue              2016 to               2015 to
revenue for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $470.9 million, an increase of $82.2 million, or 21.2%, from $388.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. this increase was driven by higher sales in all of our end markets except for communications. overall unit shipments increased by 9% due to higher market demand with current customers and design wins with new customers, and average sales prices increased by 12%.
revenue from the consumer market for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased $36.0 million, or 23.4%, from the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by higher demand in gaming and home appliance products. revenue from the computing and storage market increased $20.2 million, or 25.1%, from the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by strength in the solid-state drive storage, cloud computing and high-performance notebook markets. revenue from the industrial market increased $7.2 million, or 12.9%, from the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by higher sales in power source products. revenue from the automotive market increased $19.9 million, or 58.7%, from the same period in 2016. this increase was primarily driven by higher sales of products for infotainment, safety and connectivity applications. revenue from the communications market decreased $1.1 million, or 1.7%, from the same period in 2016. this decrease was primarily driven by lower demand in wireless applications.
revenue for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $388.7 million, an increase of $55.6 million, or 16.7%, from $333.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. this increase was driven by higher sales in all of our end markets except for communications. overall unit shipments increased by 19% due to higher market demand with current customers and design wins with new customers, which was partially offset by a 2% decrease in average sales prices.
revenue from the consumer market for the year ended december 31, 2016 increased $8.6 million, or 6.0%, from the same period in 2015. this increase was primarily driven by higher demand in battery management systems, home appliances and other high value consumer products. revenue from the computing and storage market increased $24.0 million, or 42.4%, from the same period in 2015. this increase was primarily driven by strength in the cloud computing, high-performance notebook and solid-state drive storage markets. revenue from the industrial market increased $9.8 million, or 21.2%, from the same period in 2015. this increase was primarily driven by higher sales in security, smart meter and power source products. revenue from the automotive market increased $13.5 million, or 66.4%, from the same period in 2015. this increase was primarily driven by higher sales of products for infotainment, safety and connectivity applications. revenue from the communications market was essentially flat compared to the same period in 2015.
cost of revenue and gross margin cost of revenue primarily consists of costs incurred to manufacture, assemble and test our products, as well as warranty costs, inventory-related and other overhead costs, and stock-based compensation expenses. in addition, cost of revenue includes amortization for acquisition-related intangible assets.
year ended december 31,                                                change
cost of revenue                     $212,646                $177,792                  152,898           19.6              %       16.3              %
as a percentage of revenue              45.2    %               45.7    %                45.9   %
gross profit                        $258,283                $210,873                  180,169           22.5              %       17.0              %
cost of revenue was $212.6 million, or 45.2% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and $177.8 million, or 45.7% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the $34.8 million increase in cost of revenue was primarily due to a 9% increase in overall unit shipments, coupled with a 13% increase in the average direct cost of units shipped. the increase in cost of revenue was also driven by a $3.5 million increase in inventory write-downs and warranty expenses.
gross margin was 54.8% for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with 54.3% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to lower labor and manufacturing overhead costs as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by higher inventory write-downs.
cost of revenue was $177.8 million, or 45.7% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016, and $152.9 million, or 45.9% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2015. the $24.9 million increase in cost of revenue was primarily due to a 19% increase in overall unit shipments, which was partially offset by a 2% decrease in the average direct cost of units shipped. the increase in cost of revenue was also driven by a $1.0 million increase in warranty expenses and inventory write-downs.
gross margin was 54.3% for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with 54.1% for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase in gross margin was primarily due to lower labor and manufacturing overhead costs as a percentage of revenue, partially offset by the impact of certain manufacturing cost variances.
research and development research and development ("r&d") expenses primarily consist of salary and benefit expenses, bonuses, stock-based compensation and deferred compensation expenses for design and product engineers, expenses related to new product development and supplies, and facility costs.
year ended december 31,                                            change
as a percentage of revenue            17.5    %             18.9    %             19.8   %
r&d expenses were $82.4 million, or 17.5% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and $73.6 million, or 18.9% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the $8.8 million increase in r&d expenses was primarily due to an increase of $3.8 million in compensation expenses, which include salary, benefits and bonuses, an increase of $1.9 million in laboratory supplies, an increase of $1.6 million in new product development expenses, an increase of $0.8 million in stock-based compensation expenses mainly associated with the performance-based equity awards, and an increase of $0.7 million in expenses related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan liabilities. our r&d headcount was 629 employees as of december 31, 2017, compared with 578 employees as of december 31, 2016.
r&d expenses were $73.6 million, or 18.9% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016, and $65.8 million, or 19.8% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2015. the $7.8 million increase in r&d expenses was primarily due to an increase of $2.9 million in stock-based compensation expenses mainly associated with the performance and market-based equity awards, an increase of $2.2 million in cash compensation expenses, which include salary, benefits and bonuses, an increase of $1.6 million in new product development expenses, and an increase of $0.5 million in expenses related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan liabilities. our r&d headcount was 578 employees as of december 31, 2016, compared with 506 employees as of december 31, 2015.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses primarily include salary and benefit expenses, bonuses, stock-based compensation and deferred compensation expenses for sales, marketing and administrative personnel, sales commissions, travel expenses, facilities costs, and professional service fees.
year ended december 31,                                            change
as a percentage of revenue            20.7    %             21.4    %             21.7   %
sg&a expenses were $97.3 million, or 20.7% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and $83.0 million, or 21.4% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the $14.3 million increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to an increase of $3.9 million in stock-based compensation expenses mainly associated with the performance-based equity awards, an increase of $3.7 million in compensation expenses, which include salary, benefits and bonuses, an increase of $1.3 million in depreciation expense, an increase of $1.0 million in expenses related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan liabilities, and an increase of $0.4 million in commission expenses due to higher revenue. in addition, contributing to the increase in sg&a expenses in 2017 was a stock-based compensation credit of $2.9 million which reduced sg&a expenses in 2016 due to the retirement of our then chief financial officer. as the service or performance conditions for her outstanding restricted stock units had not been satisfied at the time of her departure, we reversed previously accrued stock-based compensation expenses of $2.9 million associated with the unvested restricted stock units and the credit was reflected in sg&a expenses for year ended december 31, 2016.  our sg&a headcount was 389 employees as of december 31, 2017, compared with 355 employees as of december 31, 2016.
sg&a expenses were $83.0 million, or 21.4% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2016, and $72.3 million, or 21.7% of revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2015. the $10.7 million increase in sg&a expenses was primarily due to an increase of $3.0 million in stock-based compensation expenses mainly associated with the performance and market-based equity awards, an increase of $2.9 million in cash compensation expenses, which include salary, benefits and bonuses, an increase of $2.1 million in commission expenses due to higher revenue, and an increase of $0.8 million in expenses related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan liabilities. in addition, contributing to the increase in sg&a expenses in 2016 was a credit of $2.5 million related to the release of a contingent consideration liability which reduced sg&a expenses in 2015 (see below). these increases were partially offset by the stock-based compensation credit of $2.9 million recorded in 2016 due to the retirement of our then chief financial officer. our sg&a headcount was 355 employees as of december 31, 2016, compared with 306 employees as of december 31, 2015.
our acquisition of sensima technology sa ("sensima") in july 2014 included a contingent consideration arrangement which required us to pay up to an additional $8.9 million to former sensima shareholders if sensima achieved a new product introduction as well as certain product revenue and direct margin targets in 2016. the fair value of the contingent consideration at the acquisition date was $2.5 million, which was estimated based on a probability-weighted analysis of possible future revenue outcomes. the fair value of the contingent consideration was initially recorded in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets and was remeasured at the end of each reporting period, with any changes in fair value recorded in operating expense in the consolidated statements of operations. as part of the quarterly assessment in the fourth quarter of 2015, management reviewed the sales forecast for the products and determined that the projected product revenue in 2016 would likely not meet the minimum target required to earn the contingent consideration, primarily because the product adoption process by customers would take longer than we had originally anticipated. accordingly, the fair value of the contingent consideration was deemed to be $0 as of december 31, 2015. the company released the liability of $2.5 million and recorded the credit in sg&a expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015.
litigation expense (benefit), net litigation expense was $1.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with a litigation benefit, net, of $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase in litigation expense was primarily due to an ongoing litigation. in addition, we recognized $0.7 million of benefit in connection with two litigation settlements for the year ended december 31, 2016.
litigation benefit, net, was $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with litigation expense of $1.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the net litigation benefit in 2016 was attributable to the recognition of $0.7 million of benefit in connection with two litigation settlements, partially offset by $0.5 million of litigation expenses.
interest and other income, net interest and other income, net, was $5.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, compared with $2.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016. the increase was primarily due to an increase of $2.9 million in interest income as a result of higher investment balances and higher yields, and an increase of $1.3 million in income related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan investments, partially offset by an increase of $1.0 million in amortization of premium on available-for-sale investments and an increase of $0.6 million in foreign currency exchange loss.
interest and other income, net, was $2.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, compared with $1.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. the increase was primarily due to an increase of $1.6 million in income related to changes in the value of the deferred compensation plan investments and an increase of $0.9 million in interest income as a result of higher yields and higher investment balances, partially offset by an increase of $0.6 million in amortization of premium on available-for-sale investments and a decrease of $0.5 million in foreign currency exchange gains.
income tax provision the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2017 was $17.7 million, or 21.4% of pre-tax income. the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate primarily because foreign income generated by our subsidiaries in bermuda and china was taxed at lower rates, and because of the stock-based compensation deductions. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by the effects of the 2017 tax act and the release of the u.s. valuation allowance as discussed in details below.
under accounting standards codification ("asc") 740, income taxes, the effects of a new legislation are recognized upon enactment. accordingly, we were required to recognize the tax effects of the 2017 tax act beginning in the fourth quarter of 2017.
on december 22, 2017, the securities and exchange commission issued sab 118, which addresses the application of asc 740 in situations when a registrant does not have the necessary information available, prepared, or analyzed in reasonable detail to complete the accounting for certain income tax effects of the 2017 tax act. in accordance with sab 118, for matters that have not been completed, we would recognize provisional amounts to the extent that they are reasonably estimable. if a reasonable estimate cannot be determined, we would not be required to report provisional amounts and would continue to apply asc 740 based on the provisions of the tax laws that were in effect immediately before the enactment of the 2017 tax act.
as of december 31, 2017, we have not completed our accounting for the tax effects of the 2017 tax act and recorded certain provisional amounts, as discussed below, based on reasonable estimates for the year ended december 31, 2017. the provisional amounts are subject to revisions, possibly materially, as we perform further analysis of the 2017 tax act, collect and prepare necessary financial data, continue to assess our tax positions, and interpret any additional guidance issued by the u.s. treasury department, irs, fasb, and other standard-setting and regulatory bodies. any subsequent adjustment to these amounts will be recorded to the income tax provision in the period when the analysis is complete. we expect to complete the analysis within the one-year measurement period ending december 21, 2018, pursuant to sab 118.
corporate tax rate and remeasurement of deferred taxes the 2017 tax act reduces the corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective january 1, 2018. because asc 740 requires the effect of a change in tax laws to be recognized as of the date of enactment, we remeasured our deferred tax balance as of december 22, 2017 and recorded a provisional amount of $9.8 million to the income tax provision as a result of the remeasurement for the year ended december 31, 2017.
deemed repatriation transition tax the 2017 tax act mandates a one-time deemed repatriation transition tax of post-1986 undistributed foreign earnings and profits ("e&p") on which u.s. income taxes were previously deferred. the rate applied varies depending on whether the e&p is held in liquid or non-liquid assets. a proportional deduction on the deemed repatriation results in a transition tax of 15.5% for cash and liquid assets and 8% for non-liquid assets. the transition tax is assessed regardless of whether we repatriate the earnings. the transition tax is determined on the greater of e&p as of two measurement dates (november 2, 2017 or december 31, 2017). the amount of cash and liquid assets is determined based on the greater of the amounts calculated using two alternative measurement periods.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, we recorded a provisional amount of $41.9 million related to the transition tax expense. after the utilization of r&d tax credits of $18.0 million, the transition tax payable is $23.9 million. as permitted by the 2017 tax act, we have elected to pay the transition tax in installments over eight years. as a result, $1.9 million was recorded in current accrued liabilities and $22.0 million was recorded in long-term income tax liabilities as of december 31, 2017.
undistributed earnings of subsidiaries we previously considered the earnings in our non-u.s. subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested and, accordingly, recorded no deferred income taxes. prior to the transition tax, we had an excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis in our foreign subsidiaries including undistributed foreign earnings of $390.2 million. while the transition tax resulted in the reduction of the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis in our foreign subsidiaries and subjected a provisional amount of $119.7 million of undistributed foreign earnings to tax, an actual repatriation from our non-u.s. subsidiaries could be subject to additional foreign withholding taxes and u.s. state taxes.
we have analyzed our global working capital and cash requirements, and have determined that we plan to repatriate cash from our bermuda subsidiary on an ongoing basis to fund our future u.s. based expenditures and dividends. for the other foreign subsidiaries, we expect to indefinitely reinvest undistributed earnings to fund foreign operations and their research and development. for those undistributed foreign earnings from which we were not able to make a reasonable estimate of the tax effects of such repatriation, we have not recorded any deferred taxes or accrued for any withholding taxes or state taxes as of december 31, 2017. we will record the tax effects of any change in our prior assertion with respect to those undistributed foreign earnings in the period that we are first able to make a reasonable estimate, no later than the end of the measurement period under sab 118.
global intangible low-taxed income the 2017 tax act subjects a u.s. parent shareholder to taxation of its global intangible low-taxed income ("gilti"), effective january 1, 2018. the gilti inclusions will impact companies that have foreign earnings generated without a large aggregate foreign fixed asset base and whose earnings are being taxed at a low tax rate. gilti is calculated based on foreign income in excess of a deemed return on tangible assets of foreign corporations. the income inclusion under gilti is eligible for a deduction that is intended to lower the effective tax rate to 10.5% for taxable years 2018 to 2025, and rise to 13.125% for taxable years after 2025. the enactment of the gilti tax will result in additional subpart f income recognition for us in 2018 and onwards.
executive compensation deductions the 2017 tax act retains the $1 million limitation on deductible compensation to covered employees, which include the chief executive officer and four other highest paid officers, under irc section 162(m). however, it eliminates the exception for performance-based cash or stock compensation and expands the definition of covered employees to include the chief financial officer. accordingly, beginning january 1, 2018, the deductible compensation to covered employees will generally be subject to the $1 million limitation.
release of valuation allowance:
management periodically evaluates the realizability of our deferred tax assets based on all available evidence. the realizability of our deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate sufficient future taxable income during periods prior to the expiration of tax attributes to fully utilize these assets.  we maintained a full valuation allowance on our u.s. deferred tax assets as of the third quarter of 2017.  in the fourth quarter of 2017, we assessed the realizability of the deferred tax assets and concluded that it was more likely than not that our federal deferred tax assets would be realizable, due principally to the enactment of the 2017 tax act. in accordance with asc 740, management considered all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance for deferred tax asset was needed. our conclusion was primarily driven by the following positive evidence:
●   we forecast taxable income in the u.s. in future periods. the enactment of gilti will result in additional subpart f income each year.
●   executive performance-based equity awards are now subject to the section 162(m) deduction limitation.
●   we have a history of utilizing all federal tax attributes before expiration.
as a result, we released $21.6 million of valuation allowance on federal deferred tax assets, which was recorded as a benefit in the income tax provision in the fourth quarter of 2017. we continue to maintain a full valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets in california, primarily due to a low apportionment factor and the amount of r&d tax credits generated is greater than the amount utilized.
the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2016 was $4.5 million, or 7.9% of pre-tax income. the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate primarily because foreign income generated by our subsidiaries in bermuda and china was taxed at lower rates. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by changes in valuation allowance and the stock-based compensation deductions.
the income tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $7.3 million, or 17.2% of pre-tax income. we recorded a one-time net charge of $2.7 million to the income tax provision related to the resolution of the income tax audits in the second quarter of 2015. in addition to the impact of this charge, the effective tax rate differed from the federal statutory rate primarily because foreign income generated by our subsidiaries in bermuda and china was taxed at lower rates and from the release of an income tax reserve where the statute of limitations expired. in addition, the effective tax rate was impacted by changes in valuation allowance.
liquidity and capital resources december 31,
percentage of total assets                                               45.8       %                      52.5   %
working capital                                                      $383,253                          $330,063
as of december 31, 2017, we had cash and cash equivalents of $82.8 million and short-term investments of $216.3 million, compared with cash and cash equivalents of $112.7 million and short-term investments of $155.5 million as of december 31, 2016. as of december 31, 2017, $66.4 million of cash and cash equivalents and $113.1 million of short-term investments were held by our international subsidiaries. after the enactment of the 2017 tax act, we currently plan to repatriate cash from our bermuda subsidiary on an ongoing basis to fund our future expenditures in the u.s. and continue to indefinitely reinvest our earnings from other foreign subsidiaries. see the "income tax provision" section for further discussion.
the significant components of our working capital are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments, accounts receivable, inventories and other current assets, reduced by accounts payable, accrued compensation and related benefits, and other accrued liabilities. as of december 31, 2017, we had working capital of $383.3 million, compared with working capital of $330.1 million as of december 31, 2016. the $53.2 million increase in working capital was due to a $66.2 million increase in current assets, partially offset by a $13.0 million increase in current liabilities. the increase in current assets was primarily due to an increase in short-term investments, accounts receivable, inventories and prepaid expenses, partially offset by a decrease in cash and cash equivalents. the increase in current liabilities was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable, accrued compensation and related benefits and other accrued liabilities.
summary of cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flow activities:
net cash provided by operating activities                          $133,821                          $107,786             $69,736
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                 1,620                     (2,090    )                (1,293   )
for the year ended december 31, 2017, net cash provided by operating activities was $133.8 million, primarily due to our net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation and deferred taxes, and a net increase of $15.7 million from the changes in our operating assets and liabilities. the increase in deferred taxes was primarily due to the release of the u.s. valuation allowance, partially offset by the remeasurement of the deferred tax balance as a result of the 2017 tax act, in the fourth quarter of 2017. the increase in accounts receivable was primarily driven by higher sales. the increase in inventories was primarily driven by an increase in strategic wafer and die inventories as well as an increase in finished goods to meet current demand and future growth. the increase in accounts payable was primarily driven by increased inventory and capital asset purchases to meet future demand. the increase in accrued liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in employee contributions to the deferred compensation plan and warranty expenses. the increase in income tax liabilities was primarily driven by the one-time deemed repatriation transition tax liability recorded in the fourth quarter of 2017.
for the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash provided by operating activities was $107.8 million, primarily due to our net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization and stock-based compensation, and a net decrease of $2.9 million from the changes in our operating assets and liabilities. the increase in other assets was primarily due to a prepaid wafer purchase agreement we funded during the year. the increase in inventories was primarily driven by increased purchases to meet current demand and future growth. the increase in accrued liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in employee contributions to the deferred compensation plan.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was $69.7 million, primarily due to our net income adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, a change in fair value of contingent consideration and a net decrease of $12.6 million from the changes in our operating assets and liabilities. the increase in accounts receivable was primarily driven by increased sales. the increase in inventories was primarily driven by increased purchases to meet current demand and future growth. the increase in accrued liabilities was primarily driven by an increase in employee contributions to the deferred compensation plan.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, net cash used in investing activities was $134.1 million, primarily due to purchases of property and equipment of $65.8 million, net purchases of short-term investments of $63.0 million, and net contributions to the deferred compensation plan of $5.3 million. for the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash used in investing activities was $55.7 million, primarily due to purchases of property and equipment of $37.1 million, net purchases of investments of $13.6 million, and net contributions to the deferred compensation plan of $5.0 million. for the year ended december 31, 2015, net cash used in investing activities was $57.2 million, primarily due to net purchases of investments of $33.5 million, purchases of property and equipment of $16.0 million, and net contributions to the deferred compensation plan of $8.0 million.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, we funded the purchases of land in kirkland, washington, office space in shanghai and hangzhou, china, and land and office space in taipei, taiwan for $53.8 million. for the year ended december 31, 2016, we funded the purchases of a previously leased manufacturing facility in chengdu, china, office space in shenzhen, china, and land and office space in taipei, taiwan for $17.5 million. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we spent $5.4 million to purchase office space in shanghai, china.
for the year ended december 31, 2017, net cash used in financing activities was $31.3 million, primarily reflecting $33.9 million used to pay dividends to our stockholders and dividend equivalents to our employees who hold rsus, partially offset by $2.9 million of cash proceeds from stock option exercises and issuance of shares through our employee stock purchase plan. for the year ended december 31, 2016, net cash used in financing activities was $28.1 million, primarily reflecting $33.1 million used to pay dividends to our stockholders and dividend equivalents to our employees who hold rsus, partially offset by $3.8 million of cash proceeds from stock option exercises and issuance of shares through our employee stock purchase plan. for the year ended december 31, 2015, net cash used in financing activities was $46.7 million, primarily reflecting $32.3 million used in repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program and $30.0 million used to pay dividends to our stockholders and dividend equivalents to our employees who hold rsus, partially offset by $10.0 million of cash proceeds from stock option exercises and issuance of shares through our employee stock purchase plan.
in july 2013, our board of directors approved a stock repurchase program that authorized us to repurchase up to $100 million in the aggregate of our common stock. the program expired on december 31, 2015. in february 2016, our board of directors approved a new stock repurchase program that authorized us to repurchase up to $50 million in the aggregate of our common stock. the program expired on december 31, 2017. for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, we did not repurchase any shares. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we repurchased a total of 0.6 million shares for $32.3 million, at an average price of $50.05 per share.
in june 2014, our board of directors approved a dividend program pursuant to which we intend to pay quarterly cash dividends on our common stock. in addition, outstanding rsu awards contain rights to receive dividend equivalents, which entitle employees who hold rsus to the same dividend value per share as holders of common stock. the dividend equivalents are accumulated and paid to the employees when the underlying rsus vest. dividend equivalents accumulated on the underlying rsus are forfeited if the employees do not fulfill their service requirement and the awards do not vest. for the year ended december 31, 2017, we paid dividends and dividend equivalents totaling $33.9 million. for the year ended december 31, 2016, we paid dividends and dividend equivalents totaling $33.1 million. for the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid dividends and dividend equivalents totaling $30.0 million.
in february 2018, our board of directors approved an increase in our quarterly cash dividends from $0.20 per share to $0.30 per share, effective for the first quarter of 2018.
we anticipate that cash used for future dividends and dividend equivalent payments, as well as payments for the one-time deemed repatriation transition tax, will come from our current domestic cash and cash generated from ongoing u.s. operations. as a result of the 2017 tax act, we also plan to repatriate cash from our bermuda subsidiary on an ongoing basis to fund these and other future expenditures in the u.s. and continue to indefinitely reinvest our earnings from other foreign subsidiaries. see the "income tax provision" section for further discussion.
although cash requirements will fluctuate based on the timing and extent of many factors such as those discussed above, we believe that cash generated from operations, together with the liquidity provided by existing cash balances and short-term investments, will be sufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements for the next 12 months.
in the future, in order to strengthen our financial position, respond to changes in our circumstance or unforeseen events or conditions, or fund our growth, we may need to discontinue paying dividends and dividend equivalents, and may need to raise additional funds by any one or a combination of the following: issuing equity securities, issuing debt or convertible debt securities, incurring indebtedness secured by our assets, or selling certain product lines and/or portions of our business. accordingly, we cannot ensure that we will continue to pay dividends and dividend equivalents in the future, and there can be no guarantee that we will be able to raise additional funds on terms acceptable to us, or at all.
from time to time, we have engaged in discussions with third parties concerning potential acquisitions of product lines, technologies, businesses and companies, and we continue to consider potential acquisition candidates. any such transactions could involve the issuance of a significant number of new equity securities, assumptions of debt, and/or payment of cash consideration. we may also be required to raise additional funds to complete any such acquisitions, through either the issuance of equity and debt securities or incurring indebtedness secured by our assets. if we raise additional funds or acquire businesses or technologies through the issuance of equity securities or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders may experience significant dilution.
operating leases                       $2,145                $1,210                           $829                    $106           $-
(1)   outstanding purchase commitments primarily consist of wafer and other inventory purchases, assembly services and license arrangements.
(2)   the transition tax liability represents a one-time, mandatory deemed repatriation tax imposed on previously deferred foreign earnings under the 2017 tax act. as permitted by the 2017 tax act, we elected to pay the tax liability in installment over eight years: 8% in 2018, 8% in 2019, 8% in 2020, 8% in 2021, 8% in 2022, 15% in 2023, 20% in 2024, and 25% in 2025. see the "income tax provision" section for further discussion.
(3)   other long-term obligations include long-term liabilities reflected in our consolidated balance sheets, which primarily consist of the deferred compensation plan liabilities and accrued dividend equivalents. because of the uncertainty as to the timing of distributions related to a portion of the deferred compensation plan liabilities, we have excluded estimated obligations of $1.1 million from the table above. in addition, because of the uncertainty as to the timing of payments related to our liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, we have excluded estimated obligations of $9.6 million from the table above.
off balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2017, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4) of the securities and exchange commission's regulation s-k.