item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the other sections of this annual report on form 10-k, including the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 8, and the discussion of risks and cautionary factors that may affect future results in item 1a. risk factors.
description of our company we are a leading international tobacco company engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes and other nicotine-containing products in markets outside the united states of america. we are building our future on smoke-free products that are a much better consumer choice than continuing to smoke cigarettes.  through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. our vision is that these products ultimately replace cigarettes to the benefit of adult smokers, society, our company and our shareholders.
our cigarettes are sold in more than 180 markets, and in many of these markets they hold the number one or number two market share position. we have a wide range of premium, mid-price and low-price brands. our portfolio comprises both international and local brands. in addition to the manufacture and sale of cigarettes, we are engaged in the development and commercialization of reduced-risk products ("rrps"). rrps is the term we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continued smoking.  we have a range of rrps in various stages of development, scientific assessment and commercialization.  because our rrps do not burn tobacco, they produce an aerosol that contains far lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful constituents than found in cigarette smoke.
for all periods presented in this report, we managed our business in four segments:
to provide a greater focus on both parts of our business -- combustible and reduced-risk products -- and to support our transformation toward a smoke-free future, effective january 1, 2018, we are managing our business in six reportable segments as follows:
•   south &amp; southeast asia - includes indonesia, the philippines and other markets in this region;
•   east asia &amp; australia - includes australia, japan, south korea, the people's republic of china and other markets in this region, as well as malaysia and singapore; and
we use the term net revenues to refer to our operating revenues from the sale of our products, net of sales and promotion incentives. our net revenues and operating income are affected by various factors, including the volume of products we sell, the price of our products, changes in currency exchange rates and the mix of products we sell. mix is a term used to refer to the proportionate value of premium-price brands to mid-price or low-price brands in any given market (product mix). mix can also refer to the proportion of shipment volume in more profitable markets versus shipment volume in less profitable markets (geographic mix). we often collect excise taxes from our customers and then remit them to governments, and, in those circumstances, we include the excise taxes in our net revenues and in excise taxes on products. our cost of sales consists principally of tobacco leaf, non-tobacco raw materials, labor and manufacturing costs, as well as the cost of the iqos devices produced by third-party electronics manufacturing service providers.
our marketing, administration and research costs include the costs of marketing and selling our products, other costs generally not related to the manufacture of our products (including general corporate expenses), and costs incurred to develop new products. the most
significant components of our marketing, administration and research costs are marketing and sales expenses and general and administrative expenses.
philip morris international inc. is a legal entity separate and distinct from its direct and indirect subsidiaries. accordingly, our right, and thus the right of our creditors and stockholders, to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of any subsidiary is subject to the prior rights of creditors of such subsidiary, except to the extent that claims of our company itself as a creditor may be recognized. as a holding company, our principal sources of funds, including funds to make payment on our debt securities, are from the receipt of dividends and repayment of debt from our subsidiaries. our principal wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries currently are not limited by long-term debt or other agreements in their ability to pay cash dividends or to make other distributions with respect to their common stock.
consolidated operating results
•   net revenues and net revenues, excluding excise taxes on products - the changes in our net revenues, and net revenues, excluding excise taxes, for the year ended december 31, 2017, from the comparable 2016 amounts, were as follows:
net revenues include $3.8 billion in 2017 and $739 million in 2016 related to the sale of rrps, mainly driven by japan. these net revenue amounts include excise taxes billed to customers, where we collect and remit the excise tax. excluding excise taxes, net revenues for rrps were $3.6 billion in 2017 and $733 million in 2016. in some jurisdictions, including japan, we are not responsible for collecting excise taxes.
•   diluted earnings per share - the changes in our reported diluted earnings per share ("diluted eps") for the year ended december 31, 2017, from the comparable 2016 amounts, were as follows:
diluted eps   % growth for the year ended december 31, 2016       $4.48
2016 asset impairment and exit costs           -
subtotal of 2016 items                         -
2017 asset impairment and exit costs           -
subtotal of 2017 items                     (0.84     )
change in tax rate                         (0.03     )
income taxes - our effective income tax rate for 2017 increased by 12.8 percentage points to 40.7%. the 2017 tax items that decreased our diluted eps by $0.84 per share in the table above were primarily due to the impact of the tax cuts and jobs act, which was signed into law in december 2017.
the principal elements of the tax cuts and jobs act relevant to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017, were:
•a reduction of the u.s. federal corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%; and
in connection with these elements of the tax cuts and jobs act, we recognized a provisional expense of $1.6 billion, which was included as a component of income tax expense as follows:
•   a provisional charge of $1.4 billion, which represents the transition tax of $2.2 billion, net of a reversal of $0.7 billion of previously recorded deferred tax liabilities on part of the accumulated foreign earnings, and other items of $0.1 billion.
•   re-measurement of u.s. deferred tax assets and liabilities using a rate of 21%, which, under the tax cuts and jobs act, is expected to be in place when such deferred assets and liabilities reverse in the future. in connection with this re-measurement, we recorded a provisional charge of $0.2 billion.
while the impacts of the tax cuts and jobs act reduced net earnings by $1.6 billion, there was no net impact on operating cash flows for the year, as the changes in deferred taxes and income taxes payable offset the net earnings impact. at december 31, 2017, we recorded an income tax payable of $1.7 billion representing the transition tax of $2.2 billion, partially offset by foreign tax credits related to foreign withholding taxes previously paid of $0.5 billion. the income tax payable is due over an 8-year period beginning in 2018. for further details, see item 8, note 11. income taxes to our consolidated financial statements.
the change in the effective tax rate that decreased our diluted eps by $0.03 per share in the table above was primarily due to earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction.
currency - the unfavorable currency impact during 2017 results from the fluctuations of the u.s. dollar, especially against the brazilian real, egyptian pound, euro, japanese yen and turkish lira, partially offset by the russian ruble. this unfavorable currency movement has impacted our profitability across our primary revenue markets and local currency cost bases.
interest - the favorable impact of interest was due primarily to higher interest income, partly offset by higher average debt levels.
operations - the increase in diluted eps of $0.47 from our operations in the table above was due primarily to the following segments:
•   asia: favorable volume/mix, higher pricing and lower manufacturing costs, partially offset by higher marketing, administration and research costs; and
•   latin america &amp; canada: higher pricing, partially offset by unfavorable volume/mix;
partially offset by
•   eema: unfavorable volume/mix and higher marketing, administration and research costs, partially offset by higher pricing; and
•   european union: unfavorable volume/mix and higher marketing, administration and research costs, partially offset by higher pricing.
for further details, see the consolidated operating results and operating results by business segment sections of the following discussion and analysis.
2018 forecasted results - on february 8, 2018, we announced our forecast for 2018 full-year reported diluted eps to be in a range of $5.20 to $5.35, representing a projected increase of approximately 34% to 38% at prevailing exchange rates, versus $3.88 in 2017. excluding a favorable currency impact, at then-prevailing exchange rates, of approximately $0.16 per share for the full-year 2018, the forecast range represents a projected increase of approximately 7% to 10% versus adjusted diluted earnings per share of $4.72 in 2017.
•   net revenue growth, excluding excise taxes, of over 8.0%, excluding currency;
•   operating cash flow of over $9.0 billion;
•   capital expenditures of approximately $1.7 billion; and
following the enactment of the tax cuts and jobs act, our 2018 full-year diluted earnings per share forecast -- based on the current interpretation of the legislation -- assumes a full-year effective tax rate of approximately 28%, subject to future regulatory developments and earnings mix by taxing jurisdiction. the difference between the 21% statutory rate under the new law and our effective rate reflects the fact that we operate in markets outside the united states and is driven by three main factors: foreign tax rate differences, non-deductibility of interest expense and a partial disallowance of foreign tax credits related to the application of the rules for global intangible low-taxed income.
we calculated 2017 adjusted diluted eps as reported diluted eps of $3.88, plus the $0.84 per share charge related to tax items. during 2017, we did not have an eps impact related to asset impairment and exit costs.
adjusted diluted eps is not a measure under accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"). we define adjusted diluted eps as reported diluted eps adjusted for asset impairment and exit costs, tax items and unusual items. we believe it is appropriate to disclose this measure as it represents core earnings, improves comparability and helps investors analyze business performance and trends. adjusted diluted eps should be considered neither in isolation nor as a substitute for reported diluted eps prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap.
this 2018 guidance excludes the impact of any future acquisitions, unanticipated asset impairment and exit cost charges, future changes in currency exchange rates, further developments related to the tax cuts and jobs act, and any unusual events. the factors described in item 1a. risk factors represent continuing risks to these projections.