item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this report. the discussion below contains forward-looking statements that are based upon current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. actual results may differ materially from these expectations. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements."
introduction and business overview
we are one of the premier consumer financial services companies in the united states. we provide a range of credit products through programs we have established with a diverse group of national and regional retailers, local merchants, manufacturers, buying groups, industry associations and healthcare service providers, which we refer to as our "partners." during 2017, we financed $131.8 billion of purchase volume, and at december 31, 2017, we had $81.9 billion of loan receivables and 74.5 million active accounts.
we offer our credit products primarily through our wholly-owned subsidiary, synchrony bank (the "bank"). in addition, through the bank, we offer, directly to retail and commercial customers, a range of deposit products insured by the fdic. we have significantly expanded our online direct banking operations in recent years and our deposit base serves as a source of stable and diversified low cost funding for our credit activities. at december 31, 2017, we had $56.5 billion in deposits which represented 73% of our total funding sources.
in november 2015, synchrony financial became a stand-alone savings and loan holding company following the completion of ge's exchange offer, in which ge exchanged shares of ge common stock for all of the shares of our common stock it owned (the "separation").
we conduct our operations through a single business segment. profitability and expenses, including funding costs, loan losses and operating expenses, are managed for the business as a whole. substantially all of our operations are within the united states. we offer our credit products through three sales platforms (retail card, payment solutions and carecredit). those platforms are organized by the types of products we offer and the partners we work with, and are measured on interest and fees on loans, loan receivables, new accounts and other sales metrics. see "item 1. business-our sales platforms."
retail card retail card is a leading provider of private label credit cards, and also provides dual cards, general purpose co-branded credit cards and small- and medium-sized business credit products. we offer one or more of these products primarily through 29 national and regional retailers with which we have ongoing program agreements. the average length of our relationship with these retail card partners is 20 years. retail card's revenue primarily consists of interest and fees on our loan receivables. other income primarily consists of interchange fees earned when our dual card or general purpose co-branded credit cards are used outside of our partners' sales channels and fees paid to us by customers who purchase our debt cancellation products, less loyalty program payments. in addition, the majority of our retailer share arrangements, which generally provide for payment to our partner if the economic performance of the program exceeds a contractually-defined threshold, are with partners in the retail card sales platform. substantially all of the credit extended in this platform is on standard terms.
payment solutions payment solutions is a leading provider of promotional financing for major consumer purchases, offering primarily private label credit cards and installment loans. payment solutions offers these products through participating partners consisting of national and regional retailers, local merchants, manufacturers, buying groups and industry associations. substantially all of the credit extended in this platform is promotional financing. payment solutions' revenue primarily consists of interest and fees on our loan receivables, including "merchant discounts," which are fees paid to us by our partners in almost all cases to compensate us for all or part of foregone interest income associated with promotional financing.
carecredit carecredit is a leading provider of promotional financing to consumers for health and personal care procedures, products or services. at december 31, 2017, we had a network of carecredit providers and health-focused retailers that collectively have over 210,000 locations, the vast majority of which are individual or small groups of independent healthcare providers, through which we offer a carecredit branded private label credit card. in october 2017, we also announced the launch of our carecredit dual card offering. substantially all of the credit extended in this platform is promotional financing. carecredit's revenue primarily consists of interest and fees on our loan receivables, including merchant discounts.
through our platforms, we offer three principal types of credit products: credit cards, commercial credit products and consumer installment loans. see "item 1. business - our credit products."
credit cards we offer the following principal types of credit cards:
•   private label credit cards. private label credit cards are partner-branded credit cards (e.g., lowe's or amazon) or program-branded credit cards (e.g., synchrony car care or carecredit) that are used primarily for the purchase of goods and services from the partner or within the program network. in addition, in some cases, cardholders may be permitted to access their credit card accounts for cash advances. in retail card, credit under our private label credit cards typically is extended on standard terms only, and in payment solutions and carecredit, credit under our private label credit cards typically is extended pursuant to a promotional financing offer.
•   dual cards and general purpose co-brand cards. our patented dual cards are credit cards that function as private label credit cards when used to purchase goods and services from our partners and as general purpose credit cards when used elsewhere. we also offer general purpose co-branded credit cards that do not function as private label cards. credit extended under our dual cards and general purpose co-branded credit cards typically is extended under standard terms only. dual cards and general purpose co-branded credit cards are primarily offered through our retail card platform. at december 31, 2017, we offered these credit cards through 21 of our 29 ongoing retail card programs, of which the majority are dual cards.
commercial credit products we offer private label cards and dual cards for commercial customers that are similar to our consumer offerings. we also offer a commercial pay-in-full accounts receivable product to a wide range of business customers. we offer our commercial credit products primarily through our retail card platform to the commercial customers of our retail card partners.
installment loans in payment solutions, we originate installment loans to consumers (and a limited number of commercial customers) in the united states, primarily in the power products market (motorcycles, atvs and lawn and garden). installment loans are closed-end credit accounts where the customer pays down the outstanding balance in installments. installment loans are assessed periodic finance charges using fixed interest rates.
business trends and conditions
we believe our business and results of operations will be impacted in the future by various trends and conditions, including the following:
•   growth in loan receivables and interest income. we believe continuing improvement in the u.s. economy and employment rates will contribute to an increase in consumer credit spending. in addition, we expect the use of credit cards to continue to increase versus other forms of payment such as cash and checks. we anticipate that these trends, combined with our marketing and partner engagement strategies, and our acquisition of the paypal credit u.s. consumer credit receivables portfolio, which we expect to close in the third quarter of 2018, will contribute to growth in our loan receivables. in the near-to-medium term, we expect our total interest income to continue to grow, driven by the expected growth in average loan receivables, including growth attributable to the paypal transaction. our historical growth rates in loan receivables and interest income have benefited from new partner acquisitions, and therefore, if we do not continue to acquire new partners, replace the programs that are not extended or otherwise grow our business, our growth rates in loan receivables and interest income in the future will be lower than in recent periods. in addition, we do not expect to make any significant changes to customer pricing or merchant discount pricing in the near term other than those associated with changes in the prime rate and libor, and therefore we expect yields generated from interest and fees on interest-earning assets will remain relatively stable.
•   extended duration of our retail card program agreements. our retail card program agreements typically have contract terms ranging from approximately five to ten years, and the average length of our relationship with our ongoing retail card partners is 20 years. we expect to continue to benefit from these programs on a long-term basis as indicated by the expiration schedule included in "item 1. business-our sales platforms-retail card", which indicates for each period the number of programs scheduled to expire and the proportion of interest and fees on loans that these programs comprised for the year ended december 31, 2017.
a total of 26 of our 29 retail card program agreements now have an expiration date in 2020 or beyond. these 26 program agreements represented in the aggregate 79% of both our retail card interest and fees on loans for the year ended december 31, 2017 and of our retail card loan receivables at december 31, 2017.
•   increases in retailer share arrangement payments under our program agreements. we believe that as a result of both the overall growth and performance of our programs, as well as amendments we have made to the terms of certain program agreements that we have extended in recent years, the payments we make to our partners under these retailer share arrangements, in the aggregate, are likely to increase both in absolute terms and as a percentage of our net earnings.
•   asset quality. delinquency and net charge-off metrics increased during 2017, as compared to the low credit trends we experienced in both 2015 and 2016. our actual net charge-off rates increased by 80 basis points to 5.37% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 4.57% for the year ended december 31, 2016. the assessment of our credit profile includes the evaluation of portfolio mix, account maturation, as well as broader consumer trends, such as payment behavior and overall indebtedness. during 2017, these factors contributed to increases in our delinquent accounts, actual net charge-offs and our forecasted net charge-offs over the next twelve months. accordingly, we also experienced a corresponding increase in our allowance coverage ratio, as we reserved for these forecasted losses inherent in our loan portfolio. in the near term, we expect u.s. unemployment rates to continue to stabilize and have made certain refinements to our underwriting standards which we began to implement in the second half of 2016 and continued in 2017. in this credit environment, we expect the trend of increases in our net charge-off rates, delinquencies and allowance coverage to continue in 2018, but at a more modest rate as compared to what we experienced in 2017. in addition, we also expect increases to our allowance for loan losses in the second half of 2018 to establish appropriate loan loss reserves for the paypal transaction, which we expect to close in the third quarter of 2018.
•   growth in interchange revenues and loyalty program costs. we believe that as a result of the overall growth in dual card and general purpose co-branded credit card transactions occurring outside of our retail card partners' locations, interchange revenues will continue to increase. the expected growth in these transactions is driven, in part, by both existing and new loyalty programs with our retail card partners. in addition, we continue to offer and add new loyalty programs for our private label credit cards, for which we typically do not receive interchange fees. the growth in these existing and new loyalty programs will result in an increase in costs associated with these programs. overall, we expect both our interchange revenues and loyalty program costs to grow in excess of the growth of our retail card loan receivables, and expect the increase in loyalty program costs to be largely offset by increases in interchange revenues. these increases have been contemplated in our program agreements with our retail card partners and are a component of the calculation of our payments due under our retailer share arrangements.
•   capital and liquidity levels. we continue to expect to maintain sufficient capital and liquidity resources to support our daily operations, our business growth, and our credit ratings as well as regulatory and compliance requirements in a cost effective and prudent manner through expected and unexpected market environments. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we declared and paid dividends of $446 million and repurchased $1.5 billion of our outstanding common stock. we plan to continue to deploy capital through both dividends and share repurchases subject to regulatory approval, as well as to support business growth, including the paypal transaction. we expect to increase both dividends and share repurchases in 2018, due to the favorable effects to our net earnings from the lower corporate tax rate included in the recent enactment of the tax act. such increases would be subject to regulatory and the board of director's approval. we also expect our capital levels to decline upon the anticipated closing of the paypal transaction in the third quarter of 2018. including the effects of these trends, we continue to expect to maintain capital ratios well in excess of minimum regulatory requirements. at december 31, 2017, the company had a basel iii common equity tier 1 ratio under transitional guidelines of 16.0%. we expect that our liquidity portfolio will continue to be sufficient to support all of our business objectives and to meet all regulatory requirements for the foreseeable future.
•   tax reform. the tax act will affect our deferred tax assets and liabilities and our effective tax rate in the future. we expect the tax act to favorably affect our estimated annual effective tax rate for 2018 and future periods. we expect our 2018 annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 25% prior to the effects of any discrete items, primarily due to the corporate tax rate reduction included in the tax act. forthcoming guidance, such as regulations or technical corrections, could change how we interpret provisions of the tax act, which may, in turn, impact our effective tax rate.
in our retail card and payment solutions platforms, we experience fluctuations in transaction volumes and the level of loan receivables as a result of higher seasonal consumer spending and payment patterns that typically result in an increase of loan receivables from august through a peak in late december, with reductions in loan receivables occurring over the first and second quarters of the following year as customers pay their balances down.
the seasonal impact to transaction volumes and the loan receivables balance typically results in fluctuations in our results of operations, delinquency metrics and the allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loan receivables between quarterly periods. these fluctuations are generally most evident between the fourth quarter and the first quarter of the following year.
in addition to the seasonal variance in loan receivables discussed above, we also experience a seasonal increase in delinquency rates and delinquent loan receivables balances during the third and fourth quarters of each year due to lower customer payment rates resulting in higher net charge-off rates in the first and second quarters. our delinquency rates and delinquent loan receivables balances typically decrease during the subsequent first and second quarters as customers begin to pay down their loan balances and return to current status resulting in lower net charge-off rates in the third and fourth quarters. because customers who were delinquent during the fourth quarter of a calendar year have a higher probability of returning to current status when compared to customers who are delinquent at the end of each of our interim reporting periods, we expect that a higher proportion of delinquent accounts outstanding at an interim period end will result in charge-offs, as compared to delinquent accounts outstanding at a year end. consistent with this historical experience, we generally experience a higher allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loan receivables at the end of an interim period, as compared to the end of a calendar year. in addition, despite improving credit metrics such as declining past due amounts, we may experience an increase in our allowance for loan losses at an interim period end compared to the prior year end, reflecting these same seasonal trends.
results of operations
key earnings metrics growth metrics
asset quality metrics capital and liquidity
below are highlights of our performance for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to the year ended december 31, 2016, as applicable, except as otherwise noted.
•   net earnings decreased 14.0% to $1,935 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily driven by increases in provision for loan losses and other expense, as well as the impact related to the tax act enacted in december 2017, partially offset by higher net interest income. adjusted net earnings, excluding the additional tax expense related to the tax act, was $2,095 million.
•   loan receivables increased 7.3% to $81,947 million at december 31, 2017 compared to december 31, 2016, primarily driven by higher purchase volume and average active account growth.
•   retailer share arrangements increased 1.2% to $2,937 million for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily as a result of growth and margin improvement of the programs in which we have retailer share arrangements, largely offset by higher provision for loan losses associated with these programs.
•   over-30 day loan delinquencies as a percentage of period-end loan receivables increased 35 basis points to 4.67% at december 31, 2017 from 4.32% at december 31, 2016, and net charge-off rate increased 80 basis points to 5.37% for the year ended december 31, 2017.
•   provision for loan losses increased by $1,310 million, or 32.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to an increase in net charge-offs and higher loan loss reserve. our allowance coverage ratio (allowance for loan losses as a percentage of end of period loan receivables) increased to 6.80% at december 31, 2017, as compared to 5.69% at december 31, 2016.
•   other expense increased by $331 million, or 9.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily driven by business growth and marketing.
•   the recent enactment of the tax act in december 2017 resulted in additional tax expense of $160 million primarily due to a remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities and impacted certain financial measures for the year ended december 31, 2017 as follows:
•   we continue to invest in our direct banking activities to grow our deposit base. total deposits increased 8.5% to $56.5 billion at december 31, 2017, compared to december 31, 2016, primarily driven by growth in our direct deposits of 12.7% to $42.7 billion, partially offset by a reduction in our brokered deposits.
•   on may 18, 2017, the board announced plans to increase our quarterly dividend to $0.15 per share commencing in the third quarter of 2017 and approval of a share repurchase program of up to $1.64 billion through june 30, 2018. during the year ended december 31, 2017, we repurchased $1,496 million of our outstanding common stock, and also declared and paid cash dividends of $0.56 per share, or $446 million.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2017, we announced our acquisition of gpshopper, a developer of mobile applications that offers retailers and brands a full suite of commerce, engagement and analytical tools.
•   we announced our agreement to acquire approximately $6.8 billion of loans from paypal credit u.s. consumer credit receivables portfolio, including approximately $1.0 billion of interests held by other investors and chartered financial institutions. subject to regulatory approval and other customary conditions, this transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2018. synchrony bank will become paypal's exclusive issuing bank for the paypal credit point of sale financing program in the united states for the next 10 years. paypal has also extended its existing co-brand credit card relationship with synchrony financial through the same 10-year term.
•   we launched our synchrony car care program and our new synchrony home credit card network in our payment solutions sales platform and extended our program agreements with brandsmart u.s.a.; city furniture; home furnishings association; husqvarna viking; mega group usa, subsequently merged with nationwide buying group to form nationwide marketing group; midas; nautilus; sweetwater and yamaha.
•   in our carecredit sales platform, we acquired the citi health card portfolio, renewed bosley, mars petcare, national veterinary associates and sono bello in our network of providers and launched our new carecredit dual card.
below are highlights of our performance for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to the year ended december 31, 2015, as applicable, except as otherwise noted.
•   net earnings increased 1.7% to $2,251 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, driven by higher net interest income, partially offset by increases in provision for loan losses and other expense and a decrease in other income.
•   loan receivables increased 11.8% to $76,337 million at december 31, 2016, compared to december 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher purchase volume and average active account growth.
•   retailer share arrangements increased 6.0% to $2,902 million for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily as a result of growth and improved performance of the programs in which we have retailer share arrangements, partially offset by higher provision for loan losses and loyalty costs associated with these programs.
•   over-30 day loan delinquencies as a percentage of period-end loan receivables increased 26 basis points to 4.32% at december 31, 2016, and net charge-off rate increased 21 basis points to 4.57% for the year ended december 31, 2016.
•   provision for loan losses increased by $1,034 million, or 35.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, due to a higher loan loss reserve and receivables growth. our allowance coverage ratio (allowance for loan losses as a percentage of end of period loan receivables) increased to 5.69% at december 31, 2016, as compared to 5.12% at december 31, 2015.
•   other expense increased by $152 million, or 4.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily driven by business growth, partially offset by lower marketing and other expenses, as well as emv re-issue costs in the prior year that did not repeat.
•   we continue to invest in our direct banking activities to grow our deposit base. total deposits increased 20.0% to $52.1 billion at december 31, 2016, compared to december 31, 2015, driven primarily by growth in our direct deposits of 27.6% to $37.9 billion, partially offset by a reduction in our brokered deposits.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2016, we repurchased $476 million of our outstanding common stock and also declared and paid cash dividends of $0.26 per share, or $214 million.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2016, we extended our payment solutions program agreements with ashley furniture homestore, la-z-boy, nationwide marketing group and suzuki and launched our new programs with mattress firm and the container store.
•   during the year ended december 31, 2016, in our carecredit sales platform, we renewed vca animal hospitals in our network of providers and renewed our endorsements with the american dental association and american society of plastic surgeons.
summary earnings the following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods indicated.
other financial and statistical data the following table sets forth certain other financial and statistical data for the periods indicated.
financial position data (average):
selected performance metrics:
net charge-offs                                                                    $4,066                $3,139                $2,691
net charge-offs as a % of average loan receivables, including held for sale          5.37   %              4.57   %              4.36   %
other expense as a % of average loan receivables, including held for sale            4.95   %              4.98   %              5.29   %
30+ days past due as a % of period-end loan receivables(9)                           4.67   %              4.32   %              4.06   %
90+ days past due as a % of period-end loan receivables(9)                           2.28   %              2.03   %              1.86   %
(1)   purchase volume, or net credit sales, represents the aggregate amount of charges incurred on credit cards or other credit product accounts less returns during the period. purchase volume includes activity related to our portfolios classified as held for sale.
(5)   return on assets represents net earnings as a percentage of average total assets.
(6)   return on equity represents net earnings as a percentage of average total equity.
(7)   equity to assets represents average equity as a percentage of average total assets.
(9)   based on customer statement-end balances extrapolated to the respective period-end date.
average balance sheet the following table sets forth information for the periods indicated regarding average balance sheet data, which are used in the discussion of interest income, interest expense and net interest income that follows.
borrowings of consolidated securitization entities        12,179                            263                        2.16            %            12,428                            244                        1.96            %            13,760                            215                        1.56            %
(2)   includes average restricted cash balances of $642 million, $436 million and $527 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(3)   interest income on loan receivables includes fees on loans of $2,609 million, $2,458 million and $2,235 million for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively.
(4)   the effective interest rates for the bank term loan for the years ended december 31, 2016 and 2015 were 2.48% and 2.23%, respectively. the bank term loan's effective rate excludes the impact of charges incurred in connection with prepayments of the loan.
the following table sets forth the amount of changes in interest income and interest expense due to changes in average volume and average yield/rate. variances due to changes in both average volume and average yield/rate have been allocated between the average volume and average yield/rate variances on a consistent basis based upon the respective percentage changes in average volume and average yield/rate.
increase (decrease) due to change in:                                            increase (decrease) due to change in:
($ in millions)                                                          average volume             average yield / rate              net change          average volume             average yield / rate              net change interest-earning assets:
change in interest income from total interest-earning assets              $1,529                           $100                     $1,629                 $1,508                            $42                     $1,550
borrowings of consolidated securitization entities                            (5      )                      24                         19                    (22      )                      51                         29
change in interest expense from total interest-bearing liabilities            89                             54                        143                     59                             54                        113
total change in net interest income                                       $1,440                            $46                     $1,486                 $1,449                           $(12        )            $1,437
interest income interest income is comprised of interest and fees on loans, which includes merchant discounts provided by partners to compensate us in almost all cases for all or part of the promotional financing provided to their customers, and interest on cash and equivalents and investment securities. we include in interest and fees on loans any past due interest and fees deemed to be collectible. direct loan origination costs on credit card loans are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over a one-year period and recorded in interest and fees on loans. for non-credit card receivables, direct loan origination costs are deferred and amortized over the life of the loan and recorded in interest and fees on loans.
we analyze interest income as a function of two principal components: average interest-earning assets and yield on average interest-earning assets. key drivers of average interest-earning assets include:
•   purchase volumes, which are influenced by a number of factors including macroeconomic conditions and consumer confidence generally, our partners' sales and our ability to increase our share of those sales;
•   payment rates, reflecting the extent to which customers maintain a credit balance;
•   charge-offs, reflecting the receivables that are deemed not to be collectible;
•   the size of our liquidity portfolio; and
key drivers of yield on average interest-earning assets include:
•   pricing (contractual rates of interest, movement in prime rates, late fees and merchant discount rates);
•   changes to our mix of loans (e.g., the number of loans bearing promotional rates as compared to standard rates);
•   frequency of late fees incurred when account holders fail to make their minimum payment by the required due date;
•   credit performance and accrual status of our loans; and
interest income increased by $1,629 million, or 11.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and by $1,550 million, or 11.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2016. these increases were driven primarily by growth in our average loan receivables.
the increase in average loan receivables of 10.3% for the year ended december 31, 2017 was driven primarily by higher purchase volume of 5.1% and average active account growth of 4.5%.
the increase in average loan receivables of 11.3% for the year ended december 31, 2016, was driven primarily by higher purchase volume of 10.4%. average active accounts increased 6.8% to 66.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2016 and the average balances per these active accounts increased 4.2%.
yield on average interest-earning assets the yield on average interest-earning assets increased for the year ended december 31, 2017 primarily due to an increase in the percentage of interest-earning assets attributable to loan receivables and a slight increase in the yield on our average loan receivables of 3 basis points to 21.42% for the year ended december 31, 2017.
the yield on average interest-earning assets increased for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to an increase in the percentage of interest-earning assets attributable to loan receivables. the yield on our average loan receivables remained relatively flat at 21.39% for the year ended december 31, 2016, as slightly lower payment rates were offset by growth in promotional balances.
interest expense interest expense is incurred on our interest-bearing liabilities, which consisted of interest-bearing deposit accounts, borrowings of consolidated securitization entities, senior unsecured notes and the bank term loan.
key drivers of interest expense include:
•   the amounts outstanding of our deposits and borrowings;
•   the interest rate environment and its effect on interest rates paid on our funding sources; and
interest expense increased by $143 million, or 11.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily driven by the growth in our deposit liabilities. our cost of funds increased to 1.90% for the year ended december 31, 2017 compared to 1.85% for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to higher benchmark interest rates.
interest expense increased by $113 million, or 10.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily driven by the growth in our deposit liabilities. our cost of funds increased to 1.85% for the year ended december 31, 2016 compared to 1.83% for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily due to higher short-term benchmark rates.
borrowings of consolidated securitization entities      12,179              12,428              13,760
the increase in average interest-bearing liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2017 was primarily driven by growth in our direct deposits.
the increase in average interest-bearing liabilities for the year ended december 31, 2016 was primarily driven by growth in our direct deposits, partially offset by the repayment of third-party debt and lower securitized financings.
retailer share arrangements most of our retail card program agreements and certain other program agreements contain retailer share arrangements that provide for payments to our partners if the economic performance of the program exceeds a contractually defined threshold. we also provide other economic benefits to our partners such as royalties on purchase volume or payments for new accounts, in some cases instead of retailer share arrangements (for example, on our co-branded credit cards). all of these arrangements are designed to align our interests and provide an additional incentive to our partners to promote our credit products. although the retailer share arrangements vary by partner, these arrangements are generally structured to measure the economic performance of the program, based typically on agreed upon program revenues (including interest income and certain other income) less agreed upon program expenses (including interest expense, provision for loan losses, retailer payments and operating expenses), and share portions of this amount above a negotiated threshold. the threshold and economic performance of a program that are used to calculate payments to our partners may be based on, among other things, agreed upon measures of program expenses rather than our actual expenses, and therefore increases in our actual expenses (such as funding costs or operating expenses) may not necessarily result in reduced payments under our retailer share arrangements. these arrangements are typically designed to permit us to achieve an economic return before we are required to make payments to our partners based on the agreed contractually defined threshold. our payments to partners pursuant to these retailer share arrangements have generally increased in recent years, primarily as a result of the growth and margin improvement of the programs in which we have retailer share arrangements. in addition, we have made changes to the terms of certain program agreements that have been renegotiated in the past few years that have contributed to the increase in payments to partners pursuant to retailer share arrangements.
we believe that our retailer share arrangements have been effective in helping us to grow our business by aligning our partners' interests with ours. we also believe that changes to the terms of certain program agreements that have contributed to the increase in our retailer share arrangement payments will help us to grow our business by providing an additional incentive to the relevant partners to promote our credit products going forward. payments to partners pursuant to these retailer share arrangements would generally decrease, and mitigate the impact on our profitability, in the event of declines in the performance of the programs or the occurrence of other unfavorable developments that impact the calculation of payments to our partners pursuant to our retailer share arrangements.
retailer share arrangements increased by $35 million, or 1.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, driven primarily by the growth and margin improvement of the programs in which we have retailer share arrangements, largely offset by higher provision for loan losses associated with these programs.
retailer share arrangements increased by $164 million, or 6.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, driven primarily by the growth and improved performance of the programs in which we have retailer share arrangements, partially offset by higher provision for loan losses and loyalty costs associated with these programs.
provision for loan losses provision for loan losses is the expense related to maintaining the allowance for loan losses at an appropriate level to absorb the estimated probable losses inherent in the loan portfolio at each period end date. provision for loan losses in each period is a function of net charge-offs (gross charge-offs net of recoveries) and the required level of the allowance for loan losses. our process to determine our allowance for loan losses is based upon our estimate of the incurred loss period for each type of loss (i.e., aged, fraud, deceased, settlement, other non-aged and bankruptcy). see "critical accounting estimates - allowance for loan losses" and note 2. basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on our allowance for loan loss methodology.
provision for loan losses increased by $1,310 million, or 32.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to higher net charge-offs and a higher loan loss reserve. our allowance coverage ratio increased to 6.80% at december 31, 2017, as compared to 5.69% at december 31, 2016, reflecting the increase in forecasted losses inherent in our loan portfolio.
provision for loan losses increased by $1,034 million, or 35.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to a higher loan loss reserve build and receivables growth. the reserve build resulted from increases in our future expected losses in the next twelve months. our allowance coverage ratio increased to 5.69% at december 31, 2016, as compared to 5.12% at december 31, 2015, reflecting the increase in forecasted losses inherent in our loan portfolio.
interchange revenue                          $653              $602              $505
interchange revenue we earn interchange fees on dual card and other co-branded credit card transactions outside of our partners' sales channels, based on a flat fee plus a percent of the purchase amount. growth in interchange revenue has been, and is expected to continue to be, driven primarily by growth in our dual card and general purpose co-branded credit card products.
interchange revenue increased by $51 million, or 8.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and by $97 million, or 19.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, driven by increases in purchase volume outside of our retail partners' sales channels.
debt cancellation fees debt cancellation fees relate to payment protection products purchased by our credit card customers. customers who choose to purchase these products are charged a monthly fee based on their account balance. in return, we will cancel all or a portion of a customer's credit card balance in the event of certain qualifying life events. we offer our debt cancellation product to our credit card customers via online, mobile and, on a limited basis, direct mail.
debt cancellation fees increased by $10 million, or 3.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily as a result of higher average balances and increases in customer enrollment. debt cancellation fees increased by $13 million, or 5.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily as a result of changes in marketing to our carecredit customers, driving an increase in enrollment and billed balances.
loyalty programs we operate a number of loyalty programs primarily in our retail card platform that are designed to generate incremental purchase volume per customer, while reinforcing the value of the card and strengthening cardholder loyalty. these programs typically provide cardholders with statement credit or cash back rewards. other programs include rewards points, which are redeemable for a variety of products or awards, or merchandise discounts that are earned by achieving a pre-set spending level on their private label credit card, dual card or general purpose co-branded credit card. growth in loyalty program payments has been, and is expected to continue to be, driven by growth in purchase volume related to existing loyalty programs and the rollout of new loyalty programs.
loyalty programs cost increased by $157 million, or 28.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and by $128 million, or 30.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, arising from the launch of new rewards programs with our partners and growth in purchase volume associated with existing loyalty programs. the increase in 2017 also included the impact from higher reward redemption rates we experienced in one of our programs.
other other includes a variety of items including ancillary fees and realized gains or losses associated with investments and sales of assets.
other increased by $40 million, or 148.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2017. the increase included a pre-tax gain of $18 million associated with the sale of contractual relationships related to processing of general purpose card transactions for certain merchants in 2017.
other decreased by $30 million, or 52.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decrease was primarily due to a pre-tax gain of $20 million associated with the sale of certain loan portfolios in 2015.
professional fees                               629                 638                 645
marketing and business development              498                 423                 433
information processing                          373                 338                 297
employee costs employee costs primarily consist of employee compensation and benefit costs.
employee costs increased by $107 million, or 8.9%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, and by $165 million, or 15.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to new employees added to support the continued growth of the business and replacement of certain third-party services.
professional fees professional fees consist primarily of outsourced provider fees (e.g., collection agencies and call centers), legal, accounting, consulting, and recruiting expenses.
professional fees decreased by $9 million, or 1.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to decreases in third-party expenses as we continued to move some processes in-house, partially offset by business growth.
professional fees decreased by $7 million, or 1.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to a reduction in costs associated with the separation, partially offset by business growth.
marketing and business development marketing and business development costs consist primarily of our contractual and discretionary marketing and business development spend, as well as amortization expense associated with retail partner contract acquisitions and extensions.
marketing and business development costs increased by $75 million, or 17.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily due to strategic investments in our sales platforms, card re-issuances for some of our partner programs and increased marketing on retail deposits.
marketing and business development costs decreased by $10 million, or 2.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily by redirecting marketing funds into our partners' loyalty programs and reduced marketing on retail deposits.
information processing information processing costs primarily consist of fees related to outsourced information processing providers, credit card associations and software licensing agreements.
information processing costs increased by $35 million, or 10.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 and by $41 million, or 13.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily due to higher information technology investment and higher transaction volume.
other other primarily consists of postage, fraud expense, litigation and regulatory matters expense and various other corporate overhead items such as facilities' costs and telephone charges. postage is driven primarily by the number of our active accounts and the percentage of customers that utilize our electronic billing option. fraud, or operational losses, are driven primarily by the number of our active dual card and general purpose co-branded credit card accounts.
the "other" component increased by $123 million, or 15.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2017, primarily driven by higher operational losses and business growth.
the "other" component decreased by $37 million, or 4.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily driven by lower payments to ge due to the replacement of certain services that were previously provided to us under the transition services agreement with ge, as well as benefits from the rollout of emv cards.
we file consolidated u.s. federal and state income tax returns separate and apart from ge. for periods up to and including the date of separation, we were included in the consolidated u.s. federal and state income tax returns of ge, where applicable, but also filed certain separate state and foreign income tax returns. the tax provision is presented on a separate company basis as if we were a separate filer for tax purposes for all periods presented. the effects of tax adjustments and settlements from taxing authorities are presented in our consolidated financial statements in the period in which they occur. our current obligations for taxes are settled with the relevant tax authority, or ge, as applicable, on an estimated basis and adjusted in later periods as appropriate and are reflected in our consolidated financial statements in the periods in which those settlements occur. we recognize the current and deferred tax consequences of all transactions that have been recognized in the financial statements using the provisions of the enacted tax laws. see "critical accounting estimates-income taxes" for a discussion of the significant judgments and estimates related to income taxes.
the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2017 increased compared to the corresponding prior year period. substantially all of this increase in 2017 was due to the impact of the tax act, which resulted in $160 million of additional tax expense, primarily due to a remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. the effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2016, decreased compared to the corresponding prior year period. the decrease in 2016 was primarily due to the discrete impact of a change in the effective state tax rate, research and development credits and an additional tax benefit that is reimbursed to ge under the terms of the tssa. in each year, the effective tax rate, excluding the impact of the tax act in 2017, differs from the u.s. federal statutory tax rate of 35.0%, primarily due to state income taxes.
the tax act will affect our deferred tax assets and liabilities and our effective tax rate in the future. we expect the tax act to favorably affect our estimated annual effective tax rate for 2018 and future periods. we expect our 2018 annual effective tax rate to be in the range of 24% to 25% prior to the effects of any discrete items. our effective tax rate for 2018 is decreasing as a result of the estimated impact of the tax act primarily due to the corporate tax rate reduction. forthcoming guidance, such as regulations or technical corrections, could change how we interpret provisions of the tax act, which may, in turn, impact our effective tax rate.
platform analysis as discussed above under "-our sales platforms," we offer our products through three sales platforms (retail card, payment solutions and carecredit), which management measures based on their revenue-generating activities. the following is a discussion of certain supplemental information for the year ended december 31, 2017, for each of our sales platforms.
retail card interest and fees on loans increased by $1,125 million, or 10.3%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 and by $1,124 million, or 11.5%, for the year ended december 31, 2016. these increases were primarily the result of growth in average loan receivables.
retailer share arrangements increased by $34 million, or 1.2%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 and by $182 million, or 6.8%, for the year ended december 31, 2016, primarily as a result of the factors discussed under the heading "retailer share arrangements" above.
other income decreased by $76 million, or 26.4%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 and decreased by $51 million, or 15.0%, for the year ended december 31, 2016. the decreases were primarily a result of increase in loyalty program costs, partially offset by increases in interchange revenue, debt cancellation fees and other income.
payment solutions interest and fees on loans increased by $229 million, or 11.7%, for the year ended december 31, 2017 and by $233 million, or 13.6%, for the year ended december 31, 2016. these increases were primarily driven by growth in average loan receivables.
the following discussion provides supplemental information regarding our investment securities portfolio. all of our investment securities are classified as available-for-sale at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, and are held to meet our liquidity objectives and to comply with the community reinvestment act. investment securities classified as available-for-sale are reported in our consolidated statements of financial position at fair value.
the following table sets forth the amortized cost and fair value of our portfolio of investment securities at the dates indicated:
u.s. government and federal agency        $2,419                       $2,416                    $3,676                      $3,676                   $2,768                      $2,761
unrealized gains and losses, net of the related tax effect, on available-for-sale securities that are not other-than-temporarily impaired are excluded from earnings and are reported as a separate component of comprehensive income (loss) until realized. at december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, our investment securities had gross unrealized gains of $1 million, $3 million and $2 million, respectively, and gross unrealized losses of $32 million, $31 million and $17 million, respectively.
u.s. government and federal agency            $1,846                               $570                                   $-                             $-                  $2,416
(2)   weighted average yield is calculated based on the amortized cost of each security. in calculating yield, no adjustment has been made with respect to any tax exempt obligations.
at december 31, 2017, we did not hold investments in any single issuer with an aggregate book value that exceeded 10% of equity, excluding obligations of the u.s. government.
the following discussion provides supplemental information regarding our loan receivables portfolio.
loan receivables are our largest category of assets and represent our primary source of revenues. the following table sets forth the composition of our loan receivables portfolio by product type at the dates indicated.
loan receivables increased by $5,610 million, or 7.3%, at december 31, 2017 and by $8,047 million, or 11.8%, at december 31, 2016, primarily driven by higher purchase volume and average active account growth.
(1)   credit card loans have minimum payment requirements but no stated maturity and therefore are included in the due within one year category. however, many of our credit card holders will revolve their balances, which may extend their repayment period beyond one year for balances at december 31, 2017.
($ in millions)         loan receivablesoutstanding          % of total loanreceivablesoutstanding state texas                            $8,335                                  10.2                    %
impaired loans and troubled debt restructurings our loss mitigation strategy is intended to minimize economic loss and at times can result in rate reductions, principal forgiveness, extensions or other actions, which may cause the related loan to be classified as a tdr and also be impaired. we use long-term modification programs for borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as a loss mitigation strategy to improve long-term collectability of the loans that are classified as tdrs. the long-term program involves changing the structure of the loan to a fixed payment loan with a maturity no longer than 60 months and reducing the interest rate on the loan. the long-term program does not normally provide for the forgiveness of unpaid principal, but may allow for the reversal of certain unpaid interest or fee assessments. we also make loan modifications for some customers who request financial assistance through external sources, such as a consumer credit counseling agency program. the loans that are modified typically receive a reduced interest rate but continue to be subject to the original minimum payment terms and do not normally include waiver of unpaid principal, interest or fees. the determination of whether these changes to the terms and conditions meet the tdr criteria includes our consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances.
loans classified as tdrs are recorded at their present value with impairment measured as the difference between the loan balance and the discounted present value of cash flows expected to be collected, discounted at the original effective interest rate of the loan. our allowance for loan losses on tdrs is generally measured based on the difference between the recorded loan receivable and the present value of the expected future cash flows.
interest income from loans accounted for as tdrs is accounted for in the same manner as other accruing loans. we accrue interest on credit card balances until the accounts are charged-off in the period the accounts become 180 days past due. the following table presents the amount of loan receivables that are not accruing interest, loans that are 90 days or more past-due and still accruing interest, and earning tdrs for the periods presented.
(1)   at december 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013, balances exclude $103 million, $66 million, $51 million, $54 million and $70 million, respectively, of tdrs which are included in loans contractually 90 days past-due and still accruing interest balance. see note 4. loan receivables and allowance for loan losses to our consolidated financial statements for additional information on the financial effects of tdrs for the years ended december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively.
gross amount of interest income that would have been recorded in accordance with the original contractual terms      $222              $179
delinquencies over-30 day loan delinquencies as a percentage of period-end loan receivables increased to 4.67% at december 31, 2017, as compared to 4.32% at december 31, 2016 and 4.06% at december 31, 2015. the 35 basis point increase in 2017 compared to the same period in the prior year and the 26 basis point increase in 2016 compared to 2015 were driven by the factors discussed in "business trends and conditions - asset quality" above.
net charge-offs net charge-offs consist of the unpaid principal balance of loans held for investment that we determine are uncollectible, net of recovered amounts. we exclude accrued and unpaid finance charges and fees and third-party fraud losses from charge-offs. charged-off and recovered finance charges and fees are included in interest and fees on loans while third-party fraud losses are included in other expense. charge-offs are recorded as a reduction to the allowance for loan losses and subsequent recoveries of previously charged-off amounts are credited to the allowance for loan losses. costs incurred to recover charged-off loans are recorded as collection expense and included in other expense in our consolidated statements of earnings.
the table below sets forth the ratio of net charge-offs to average loan receivables, including held for sale, for the periods indicated.
ratio of net charge-offs to average loan receivables, including held for sale   5.37   %       4.57   %      4.36   %      4.51   %      4.68   %
allowance for loan losses the allowance for loan losses totaled $5,574 million at december 31, 2017 compared with $4,344 million at december 31, 2016, representing our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio. our allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loan receivables increased to 6.80% at december 31, 2017, from 5.69% at december 31, 2016, which reflects the increase in forecasted net charge-offs over the next twelve months in both periods.
the following tables provide changes in our allowance for loan losses for the periods presented:
balance at january 1, 2017           provision charged to operations   gross charge-offs(1)               recoveries(1)           balance at december 31, 2017
balance at january 1, 2016           provision charged to operations   gross charge-offs(1)               recoveries(1)           balance at december 31, 2016
balance at january 1, 2015           provision charged to operations   gross charge-offs(1)               recoveries(1)           balance at december 31, 2015
balance atjanuary 1, 2014          provisioncharged tooperations   gross charge-offs(1)               recoveries(1)           balance at december 31, 2014
balance atjanuary 1, 2013          provisioncharged tooperations   gross charge-offs(1)               recoveries(1)           balance at december 31, 2013
(1)   net charge-offs (gross charge-offs less recoveries) in certain portfolios may exceed the beginning allowance for loan losses as our revolving credit portfolios turn over more than once per year or, in all portfolios, can reflect losses that are incurred subsequent to the beginning of the period due to information becoming available during the period, which may identify further deterioration of existing loan receivables.
funding, liquidity and capital resources
we maintain a strong focus on liquidity and capital. our funding, liquidity and capital policies are designed to ensure that our business has the liquidity and capital resources to support our daily operations, our business growth, our credit ratings and our regulatory and policy requirements, in a cost effective and prudent manner through expected and unexpected market environments.
funding sources our primary funding sources include cash from operations, deposits (direct and brokered deposits), securitized financings and third-party debt.
the following table summarizes information concerning our funding sources during the periods indicated:
(1)   excludes $227 million, $205 million and $202 million average balance of non-interest-bearing deposits for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. non-interest-bearing deposits comprise less than 10% of total deposits for the years ended december 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015.
deposits we obtain deposits directly from retail and commercial customers ("direct deposits") or through third-party brokerage firms that offer our deposits to their customers ("brokered deposits"). at december 31, 2017, we had $42.7 billion in direct deposits and $13.8 billion in deposits originated through brokerage firms (including network deposit sweeps procured through a program arranger that channels brokerage account deposits to us). a key part of our liquidity plan and funding strategy is to continue to expand our direct deposits base as a source of stable and diversified low cost funding.
our direct deposits include a range of fdic-insured deposit products, including certificates of deposit, iras, money market accounts and savings accounts.
brokered deposits are primarily from retail customers of large brokerage firms. we have relationships with 10 brokers that offer our deposits through their networks. our brokered deposits consist primarily of certificates of deposit that bear interest at a fixed rate and at december 31, 2017, had a weighted average remaining life of 2.6 years. these deposits generally are not subject to early withdrawal.
our ability to attract deposits is sensitive to, among other things, the interest rates we pay, and therefore, we bear funding risk if we fail to pay higher rates, or interest rate risk if we are required to pay higher rates, to retain existing deposits or attract new deposits. to mitigate these risks, our funding strategy includes a range of deposit products, and we seek to maintain access to multiple other funding sources, including securitized financings (including our undrawn committed capacity) and unsecured debt.
the following table summarizes certain information regarding our interest-bearing deposits by type (all of which constitute u.s. deposits) for the periods indicated:
averagebalance                                                                       % oftotal         averagerate       averagebalance            % oftotal         averagerate       average                % of         average balance               total            rate direct deposits:
certificates of deposit (including ira certificates of deposit)       $22,657             42.6   %             1.6   %              $19,736             41.8   %             1.5   %          $15,563         40.9   %         1.4   %
savings accounts (including money market accounts)                     17,604             33.1   %             1.1                   14,244             30.2                 1.0                8,781         23.1             1.0
our deposit liabilities provide funding with maturities ranging from one day to ten years. at december 31, 2017, the weighted average maturity of our interest-bearing time deposits was 1.7 years.
certificates of deposit (including ira certificates of deposit)           2,117           2,399                                  4,828                                  6,893                   16,237
savings accounts (including money market accounts)                       13,729           -                                      -                                      -                       13,729
(1)   includes brokered certificates of deposit for which underlying individual deposit balances are assumed to be less than $100,000.
securitized financings we have been engaged in the securitization of our credit card receivables since 1997. we access the asset-backed securitization market using the synchrony credit card master note trust ("synct") through which we issue asset-backed securities through both public transactions and private transactions funded by financial institutions and commercial paper conduits. in addition, we issue asset-backed securities in private transactions through the synchrony sales finance master trust ("sft") and the synchrony card issuance trust ("synit"), which was formed during the fourth quarter of 2017.
at december 31, 2017, we had $4.2 billion of outstanding private asset-backed securities and $8.3 billion of outstanding public asset-backed securities, in each case held by unrelated third parties.
the following table summarizes expected contractual maturities of the investors' interests in securitized financings, excluding debt premiums, discounts and issuance costs at december 31, 2017.
($ in millions)                                                                  less thanone year                one yearthroughthreeyears   fouryearsthroughfiveyears        after fiveyears                     total scheduled maturities of long-term borrowings-owed to securitization investors:
(1)   excludes subordinated classes of synct notes that we own.
we retain exposure to the performance of trust assets through: (i) in the case of synct, sft and synit, subordinated retained interests in the loan receivables transferred to the trust in excess of the principal amount of the notes for a given series that provides credit enhancement for a particular series, as well as a pari passu seller's interest in each trust and (ii) in the case of synct, subordinated classes of notes that we own.
all of our securitized financings include early repayment triggers, referred to as early amortization events, including events related to material breaches of representations, warranties or covenants, inability or failure of the bank to transfer loan receivables to the trusts as required under the securitization documents, failure to make required payments or deposits pursuant to the securitization documents, and certain insolvency-related events with respect to the related securitization depositor, synchrony (solely with respect to synct) or the bank. in addition, an early amortization event will occur with respect to a series if the excess spread as it relates to a particular series or for the trust, as applicable, falls below zero. following an early amortization event, principal collections on the loan receivables in the applicable trust are applied to repay principal of the trust's asset-backed securities rather than being available on a revolving basis to fund the origination activities of our business. the occurrence of an early amortization event also would limit or terminate our ability to issue future series out of the trust in which the early amortization event occurred. no early amortization event has occurred with respect to any of the securitized financings in synct, sft or synit.
the following table summarizes for each of our trusts the three-month rolling average excess spread at december 31, 2017.
note principal balance($ in millions)          # of seriesoutstanding        three-month rollingaverage excessspread(1)
(1)   represents the excess spread (generally calculated as interest income collected from the applicable pool of loan receivables less applicable net charge-offs, interest expense and servicing costs, divided by the aggregate principal amount of loan receivables in the applicable pool) for each trust (or, in the case of synct, represents a range of the excess spreads relating to the particular series issued within the trust), in each case calculated in accordance with the applicable trust or series documentation, for the three securitization monthly periods ended prior to december 31, 2017.
(2)   includes subordinated classes of synct notes that we own.
(3)   a three-month rolling average excess spread is not available for synit because all of the outstanding series for synit closed in december 2017.
third-party debt senior unsecured notes the following table provides a summary of our outstanding senior unsecured notes at december 31, 2017.
synchrony financial
synchrony financial three-month libor plus 1.23% senior unsecured notes   february, 2020                           250
at december 31, 2017, the aggregate amount of outstanding senior unsecured notes was $8.3 billion and the weighted average interest rate was 3.50%.
on january 2, 2018, the bank issued a total of $500 million principal amount of three-month libor plus 0.625% senior unsecured notes due 2020.
other at december 31, 2017, we had more than $25.0 billion of unencumbered assets in the bank available to be used to generate additional liquidity through secured borrowings or asset sales or to be pledged to the federal reserve board for credit at the discount window.
covenants the indenture pursuant to which our senior unsecured notes have been issued includes various covenants, including covenants that restrict (subject to certain exceptions) synchrony's ability to dispose of, or incur liens on, any of the voting stock of the bank or otherwise permit the bank to be merged, consolidated, leased or sold in a manner that results in the bank being less than 80% controlled by us.
if we do not satisfy any of these covenants discussed above, the maturity of amounts outstanding thereunder may be accelerated and become payable. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2017.
at december 31, 2017, we were not in default under any of our credit facilities.
credit ratings our borrowing costs and capacity in certain funding markets, including securitizations and senior and subordinated debt, may be affected by the credit ratings of the company, the bank and the ratings of our asset-backed securities.
synchrony's senior unsecured debt is rated bbb- (stable outlook) by fitch and bbb- (stable outlook) by s&p. the bank's senior unsecured debt is rated bbb- (stable outlook) by fitch and bbb (stable outlook) by s&p. in addition, certain of the asset-backed securities issued by synct are rated by fitch, s&p and/or moody's. a credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating organization, and each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. downgrades in these credit ratings could materially increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets.
we seek to ensure that we have adequate liquidity to sustain business operations, fund asset growth, satisfy debt obligations and to meet regulatory expectations under normal and stress conditions.
we maintain policies outlining the overall framework and general principles for managing liquidity risk across our business, which is the responsibility of our asset and liability management committee, a subcommittee of our risk committee. we employ a variety of metrics to monitor and manage liquidity. we perform regular liquidity stress testing and contingency planning as part of our liquidity management process. we evaluate a range of stress scenarios including company specific and systemic events that could impact funding sources and our ability to meet liquidity needs.
we maintain a liquidity portfolio, which at december 31, 2017 had $15.1 billion of liquid assets, primarily consisting of cash and equivalents and short-term obligations of the u.s. treasury, less cash in transit which is not considered to be liquid, compared to a $13.6 billion of liquid assets at december 31, 2016. the increase in liquid assets was primarily due to the retention of excess cash flows from operations within our company.
as additional sources of liquidity, at december 31, 2017, we had an aggregate of $5.5 billion of undrawn committed capacity on our securitized financings, subject to customary borrowing conditions, from private lenders under our securitization programs and $0.5 billion of undrawn committed capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility with private lenders, and we had more than $25.0 billion of unencumbered assets in the bank available to be used to generate additional liquidity through secured borrowings or asset sales or to be pledged to the federal reserve board for credit at the discount window.
as a general matter, investments included in our liquidity portfolio are expected to be highly liquid, giving us the ability to readily convert them to cash. the level and composition of our liquidity portfolio may fluctuate based upon the level of expected maturities of our funding sources as well as operational requirements and market conditions.
we rely significantly on dividends and other distributions and payments from the bank for liquidity; however, bank regulations, contractual restrictions and other factors limit the amount of dividends and other distributions and payments that the bank may pay to us. for a discussion of regulatory restrictions on the bank's ability to pay dividends, see "item 1a. risk factors-risks relating to regulation-we are subject to restrictions that limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our common stock; the bank is subject to restrictions that limit its ability to pay dividends to us, which could limit our ability to pay dividends, repurchase our common stock or make payments on our indebtedness." and "item 1a. business-regulation-savings association regulation-dividends and stock repurchases."
capital
our primary sources of capital have been earnings generated by our business and existing equity capital. we seek to manage capital to a level and composition sufficient to support the risks of our business, meet regulatory requirements, adhere to rating agency targets and support future business growth. the level, composition and utilization of capital are influenced by changes in the economic environment, strategic initiatives and legislative and regulatory developments. within these constraints, we are focused on deploying capital in a manner that will provide attractive returns to our stockholders.
synchrony and the bank are required to conduct stress tests on an annual basis. under the occ's and the federal reserve board's stress test regulations, the bank and synchrony are required to use stress-testing methodologies providing for results under various scenarios of economic and financial market stress. in addition, while as a savings and loan holding company we currently are not subject to the federal reserve board's capital planning rule, we have submitted a capital plan to the federal reserve board in both 2016 and 2017.
dividend and share repurchases cash dividends declared                  month of payment           amount per common share             amount
on may 18, 2017, the board announced plans to increase the quarterly dividend to $0.15 per share commencing in the third quarter of 2017. the declaration and payment of future dividends to holders of our common stock will be at the discretion of the board and will depend on many factors. for a discussion of regulatory and other restrictions on our ability to pay dividends and repurchase stock, see "risk factors-risks relating to regulation-we are subject to restrictions that limit its ability to pay dividends and repurchase its common stock; the bank is subject to restrictions that limit its ability to pay dividends to synchrony, which could limit synchrony's ability to pay dividends, repurchase its common stock or make payments on its indebtedness."
shares repurchased under publicly announced programs           total number of shares purchased            dollar value of share purchased
in may 2017, we completed our initial share repurchase program of up to $952 million. on may 18, 2017, the company approved a share repurchase program of up to $1.64 billion through june 30, 2018. we made and expect to continue to make, share repurchases subject to market conditions and other factors, including legal and regulatory restrictions and required approvals.
regulatory capital requirements - synchrony financial as a savings and loan holding company, we are required to maintain minimum capital ratios, under the applicable u.s. basel iii capital rules. for more information, see "regulation-savings and loan holding company regulation."
for synchrony financial to be a well-capitalized savings and loan holding company, synchrony bank must be well-capitalized and synchrony financial must not be subject to any written agreement, order, capital directive, or prompt corrective action directive issued by the federal reserve board to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, synchrony financial met all the requirements to be deemed well-capitalized.
the following table sets forth at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the composition of our capital ratios for the company calculated under the basel iii regulatory capital standards, respectively.
($ in millions)                                                       amount            ratio(1)                  amount             ratio total risk-based capital                                       $13,954               17.3      %           $14,129              18.5     %
tier 1 risk-based capital                                      $12,890               16.0      %           $13,135              17.2     %
common equity tier 1 capital                                   $12,890               16.0      %           $13,135              17.2     %
common equity tier 1 capital - fully phased-in (estimated)     $12,748               15.8      %           $12,872              17.0     %
(1)   tier 1 leverage ratio represents total tier 1 capital as a percentage of total average assets, after certain adjustments. all other ratios presented above represent the applicable capital measure as a percentage of risk-weighted assets.
the decrease in our common equity tier 1 capital ratio was primarily due to the capital deployment through our increased dividends and share repurchases in the year ended december 31, 2017.
regulatory capital requirements - synchrony bank at december 31, 2017 and 2016, the bank met all applicable requirements to be deemed well-capitalized pursuant to occ regulations and for purposes of the federal deposit insurance act. the following table sets forth the composition of the bank's capital ratios calculated under the basel iii rules at december 31, 2017 and december 31, 2016.
capitalized under prompt corrective action provisions - basel iii
($ in millions)                         amount             ratio            amount             ratio                        amount                         ratio total risk-based capital         $10,842              16.2     %     $10,101              16.7     %              $6,675                          10.0         %
tier 1 risk-based capital         $9,958              14.9     %      $9,312              15.4     %              $5,340                           8.0         %
common equity tier 1 capital      $9,958              14.9     %      $9,312              15.4     %              $4,339                           6.5         %
failure to meet minimum capital requirements can result in the initiation of certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could limit our business activities and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. see "risk factors-risks relating to regulation-failure by synchrony and the bank to meet applicable capital adequacy and liquidity requirements could have a material adverse effect on us."
non-gaap measures
we present adjusted net earnings that represents net earnings adjusted to exclude additional tax expense incurred in the year ended december 31, 2017 related to the effects from the tax act. the additional tax expense was primarily due to the tax act's reduction in the corporate tax rate that resulted in a remeasurement of our deferred tax assets and liabilities. we believe this measure helps investors understand the impact of this recent law change on our reported results. the following table sets forth a reconciliation of adjusted net earnings to the comparable gaap component at december 31, 2107.
adjustment for tax law change(1)                160
(1)   adjustment to exclude the effects to provision for income taxes in the year ended december 31, 2017, resulting from the tax act.
we also present certain capital ratios including cet1 as calculated under the u.s. basel iii capital rules on a fully phased-in basis, which was not required by our regulators to be disclosed for the balance sheet dates presented and, as such, is considered to be a non-gaap measure. we believe that this capital ratio is a useful measure to investors because it is widely used by analysts and regulators to assess the capital position of financial services companies, although this ratio may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. the following table sets forth a reconciliation of the components of our cet1 capital ratio as calculated on a fully phased-in basis set forth above, to the comparable gaap components at december 31, 2017 and 2016.
adjustments related to capital components during transition(1)              (142        )              (263        )
risk-weighted assets - basel iii (transition)                        $80,669         $76,179
adjustments related to risk weighted assets during transition(2)        (143   )        (238   )
risk-weighted assets - basel iii (fully phased-in)                   $80,526         $75,941
(1)   adjustments related to capital components to determine cet1 (fully phased-in) include the phase-in of the intangible asset exclusion.
(2)   key differences between basel iii transition rules and fully phased-in basel iii rules relate to the calculation of risk-weighted assets including, but not limited to, adjustments for certain intangible assets and risk weighting of deferred tax assets.
off-balance sheet arrangements and unfunded lending commitments
we do not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantees of third-party obligations. guarantees are contracts or indemnification agreements that contingently require us to make a guaranteed payment or perform an obligation to a third-party based on certain trigger events. at december 31, 2017, we had not recorded any contingent liabilities in our consolidated statements of financial position related to any guarantees.
we extend credit, primarily arising from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on our credit cards, in the ordinary course of business. see note 4. loan receivables and allowance for loan losses to our consolidated financial statements for more information on our unfunded lending commitments.
in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that require future cash payments. our future cash payments associated with our contractual obligations at december 31, 2017 are summarized below.
operating leases                            258                  43                  77                    61                          77
(1)   savings accounts (including money market accounts), brokered network deposits sweeps, and non-interest-bearing deposits are assumed for purposes of this table to be due in 2018 because they may be withdrawn at any time without payment of any penalty.
(2)   deposits do not include interest payments because the amount and timing of these payments cannot be reasonably estimated as certain deposits have early withdrawal rights and also the option to roll interest payments into the balance. the average interest rate on our interest-bearing deposits for the year ended december 31, 2017 was 1.6%. see note 7. deposits to our consolidated financial statements.
(3)   these amounts shown exclude interest on floating rate securitized borrowings. the weighted average interest rate at december 31, 2017 was 2.08%. see note 8. borrowings to our consolidated financial statements.
(4)   the amounts shown exclude interest for the floating rate senior unsecured debt as payments of interest on these senior unsecured notes are based on floating rates.
(5)   purchase obligations at december 31, 2017 reflect the minimum purchase obligation under legally binding contracts with contract terms that are both fixed and determinable. these amounts exclude obligations for goods and services that already have been incurred and are reflected on our consolidated statement of financial position.
(6)   the table above does not include estimated payments of liabilities associated with uncertain income tax positions. the inherent complexity and uncertainty around the timing and amount of future outflows for uncertain tax positions do not permit a reasonably reliable estimate of payments, if any, to be made in connection with these liabilities. at december 31, 2017, we had gross unrecognized tax benefits of $255 million, excluding related interest and penalties. see note 14. income taxes to the consolidated financial statements.
(7)   the table above excludes our reimbursement obligations to ge for certain retiree benefits obligations of $201 million at december 31, 2017. see note 11. employee benefit plans to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we have identified certain accounting estimates and assumptions that we consider to be the most critical to an understanding of our financial statements because they involve significant judgments and uncertainties. the critical accounting estimates we have identified relate to allowance for loan losses, income taxes and fair value measurements. all of these estimates reflect our best judgment about current, and for some estimates future, economic and market conditions and their effects based on information available as of the date of these financial statements. if these conditions change from those expected, it is reasonably possible that these judgments and estimates could change, which may result in incremental losses on loan receivables, future impairments of investment securities, goodwill and intangible assets, and the establishment of valuation allowances on deferred tax assets and increases in our tax liabilities, among other effects. see note 2. basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements, which discusses the significant accounting policies related to these estimates.
allowance for loan losses losses on loan receivables are recognized when they are incurred, which requires us to make our best estimate of probable losses inherent in the portfolio. the method for calculating the best estimate of probable losses takes into account our historical experience, adjusted for current conditions with each product and customer type, and our judgment concerning the probable effects of relevant observable data, trends and market factors.
we evaluate each portfolio quarterly. for credit card receivables, our estimation process includes analysis of historical data, and there is a significant amount of judgment applied in selecting inputs and analyzing the results produced by the models to determine the allowance. our risk process includes standards and policies for reviewing major risk exposures and concentrations, and evaluates relevant data either for individual loans or on a portfolio basis, as appropriate. more specifically, we use a migration analysis to estimate the likelihood that a loan will progress through the various stages of delinquency. the migration analysis considers uncollectible principal, interest and fees reflected in the loan receivables. we use other analyses to estimate losses incurred on non-delinquent accounts. the considerations in these analyses include past performance, risk management techniques applied to various accounts, historical behavior of different account vintages, current economic conditions, recent trends in delinquencies, bankruptcy filings, account collection management, policy changes, account seasoning, loan volume and amounts, payment rates, forecasting uncertainties and a qualitative assessment of the adequacy of the allowance for losses, which compares this allowance for losses to projected net charge-offs over the next 12 months, in a manner consistent with regulatory guidance. we do not evaluate credit card loans for impairment on an individual basis, but instead estimate its allowance for credit card loan losses on a portfolio basis. further, experience is not available for new portfolios; therefore, while we are developing that experience, we set loss allowances based on our experience with the most closely analogous products in our portfolio. the underlying assumptions, estimates and assessments we use to provide for losses are updated periodically to reflect our view of current conditions and are subject to the regulatory examination process, which can result in changes to our assumptions. changes in such estimates can significantly affect the allowance and provision for losses. it is possible that we will experience credit losses that are different from our current estimates.
income taxes we are subject to income tax in the united states (federal, state and local) as well as other jurisdictions in which we operate. our provision for income tax expense is based on our income, the statutory tax rates and other provisions of the tax laws applicable to us in each of these various jurisdictions. these laws are complex and their application to our facts is at times open to interpretation. on december 22, 2017, the tax act was signed into law and significantly revised the u.s. income tax laws. the 2017 income tax provision includes the discrete tax impact of the tax act. the discrete impact of the tax act is based on management's interpretation of the legislation and is subject to change based on future guidance and clarification. the process of determining our consolidated income tax expense includes significant judgments and estimates, including judgments regarding the interpretation of those laws. our provision for income taxes and our deferred tax assets and liabilities incorporate those judgments and estimates and reflect management's best estimate of current and future income taxes to be paid. we review our tax positions quarterly and adjust the balances as new information becomes available.
deferred tax assets and liabilities relate to temporary differences between the financial reporting and income tax bases of our assets and liabilities, as well as the impact of tax loss carryforwards or carrybacks, and are measured using the enacted income tax laws and rates that will be in effect when such differences are expected to reverse. deferred tax assets are specific to the jurisdiction in which they arise and are recognized subject to management's judgment that realization of those assets is more likely than not. in making decisions regarding our ability to realize tax assets, we evaluate all positive and negative evidence, including projected future taxable income, taxable income in carryback periods, expected reversal of deferred tax liabilities and the implementation of available tax planning strategies. these decisions rely heavily on estimates. we use our historical experience and our short and long-range business forecasts to provide insight.
asc 740, income taxes, establishes the framework by which we determine the appropriate level of tax reserves to be maintained for uncertain income tax positions. applying this framework, we recognize the financial statement impact of uncertain income tax positions when we conclude that it is more likely than not, based on the technical merits of a position, that the position will be sustained upon examination. in certain situations, we establish a liability that represents the difference between a tax position taken (or expected to be taken) on an income tax return and the amount of taxes recognized in our financial statements.
fair value measurements assets and liabilities measured at fair value every reporting period include investments in debt and equity securities. assets that are not measured at fair value every reporting period, but that are subject to fair value measurements in certain circumstances primarily include acquired loans, loans that have been reduced to fair value when they are held for sale, impaired loans that have been reduced based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, cost method and equity method investments that are written down to fair value when they are impaired.
assets that are written down to fair value when impaired are not subsequently adjusted to fair value unless further impairment occurs. a fair value measurement is determined as the price that we would receive to sell an asset or pay to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. in the absence of active markets for the identical assets or liabilities, such measurements involve developing assumptions based on market observable data and, in the absence of such data, internal information that is consistent with what market participants would use in a hypothetical transaction that occurs at the measurement date. the determination of fair value often involves significant judgments about assumptions such as determining an appropriate discount rate that factors in both risk and liquidity premiums, identifying the similarities and differences in market transactions, weighting those differences accordingly and then making the appropriate adjustments to those market transactions to reflect the risks specific to our asset being valued.
in may 2014, the fasb issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. the new revenue recognition guidance will become effective january 1, 2018 for the company. the scope of asu 2014-09 excludes interest and fee income on loans and as a result, the majority of the company's revenue is not in scope of the standard. the new guidance does not impact the timing or measurement of the company's revenues, and as a result, the company will not present any restated prior period results when the standard becomes effective.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02, leases (topic 842). the asu requires lessees to recognize most leases on their balance sheet. leases which are identified as capital leases currently will generally be identified as financing leases under the new guidance but otherwise their accounting treatment will remain relatively unchanged. leases identified as operating leases currently will generally remain in that category under the new standard, but both a right-of-use asset and a liability for remaining lease payments will now be required to be recognized on the balance sheet. this guidance is effective for the company on january 1, 2019. management does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
in june 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-13, financial instruments-credit losses: measurement of credit losses on financial instruments. this asu replaces the existing incurred loss impairment guidance with a new impairment model known as the current expected credit loss ("cecl") model, which is based on expected credit losses. the cecl model requires, upon origination of a loan, the recognition of all expected credit losses over the life of the loan based on historical experience, current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. this standard is effective for annual and interim reporting periods for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2019, with early adoption permitted for annual and interim periods for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018. the amendments in this standard will be recognized through a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective. while we are evaluating the effect that asu 2016-13 will have on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, this standard is expected to result in an increase to the company's allowance for loan losses given the change to expected losses for the estimated life of the financial asset. the extent of the increase will depend on the asset quality of the portfolio, and economic conditions and forecasts at adoption.
in november 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-18, statement of cash flows (topic 230): restricted cash. the asu requires restricted cash and restricted cash equivalents to be included with cash and cash equivalents when reconciling the beginning-of-period and end-of-period total amounts shown on the statement of cash flows. this guidance is required to be applied retrospectively and will become effective january 1, 2018 for the company. management does not expect this guidance to have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.
on december 22, 2017, the securities exchange commission staff issued staff accounting bulletin no. 118 ("sab 118"), which provides guidance on accounting for the tax effects of the tax act. sab 118 provides for a measurement period that may not extend beyond one year from the tax act enactment date for companies to complete the required accounting under asc 740. in accordance with sab 118, a company must reflect, as of the end of the accounting period that includes the date of enactment of the tax act, only those income tax effects of the tax act for which the accounting under asc 740 is complete. to the extent that the company's accounting for certain income tax effects of the tax act is incomplete, but the company is able to determine a reasonable estimate, the company must record a provisional estimate in the financial statements. if the company cannot determine a provisional estimate, it must continue to apply asc 740 on the basis of the provisions of the tax law that were in effect immediately before the enactment of the tax act. at december 31, 2017, our accounting for the tax act is complete under sab 118. forthcoming guidance, such as regulations or technical corrections, could change how we interpreted provisions of the tax act.