item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview we invest in scientific innovation to create transformative medicines for serious diseases. our business is focused on developing and commercializing therapies for the treatment of cystic fibrosis, or cf, and advancing our research and development programs in other diseases. our marketed products are orkambi (lumacaftor in combination with ivacaftor), kalydeco (ivacaftor) and symdeko (tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor). our total net product revenues were $2.2 billion in 2017, an increase of 29% over net product revenues of $1.7 billion in 2016, due to increased orkambi and kalydeco net product revenues.
cystic fibrosis current medicines orkambi, kalydeco and symdeko are collectively approved to treat approximately 45% of the 75,000 cf patients in north america, europe and australia. orkambi is approved as a treatment for approximately 28,000 patients who have two copies of the f508del mutation, or f508del homozygous, in their cystic fibrosis transmembrane conductance regulator, or cftr, gene. kalydeco is approved for the treatment of approximately 6,000 cf patients who have the g551d mutation or other specified mutations in their cftr gene. symdeko was approved by the united states food and drug administration, or fda, in february 2018 for the treatment of patients with cf twelve years of age and older who are f508del homozygous or who have at least one mutation that is responsive to tezacaftor/ivacaftor, and provides an additional treatment option to cf patients who were already eligible for either orkambi or kalydeco. we are currently seeking approval from the european medicines agency for tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor.
next-generation cftr corrector compounds in the first quarter of 2018, we selected two next-generation corrector compounds, vx-659 and vx-445, to advance into phase 3 clinical development as part of separate triple combination regimens. each of vx-659 and vx-445 have the potential to be combined with both (i) tezacaftor and ivacaftor and (ii) tezacaftor and vx-561, a deuterated version of ivacaftor. we expect to initiate the phase 3 development program for vx-659 in combination with tezacaftor and ivacaftor in the first half of 2018. in mid-2018, we expect to initiate the phase 3 development of a once-daily combination of vx-445, tezacaftor and vx-561. our decision to advance vx-659 and vx-445 was based on available clinical and nonclinical data, including data from an ongoing phase 2 clinical program, and regulatory discussions are ongoing to finalize the design of the phase 3 development programs for vx-659 and vx-445.
we believe the triple combination regimens we are evaluating could potentially provide benefits to all cf patients who have at least one f508del mutation in their cftr gene (approximately 90% of all cf patients). this would include (i) the first treatment option that treats the underlying cause of cf for patients who have one copy of the f508del mutation in their cftr gene and a second mutation in their cftr gene that results in minimal cftr function, who we refer to as f508del/min patients, and (ii) an additional treatment option for patients with cf who are eligible for orkambi, kalydeco and/or symdeko.
research and development we have a number of ongoing research and development programs in other diseases that we are conducting independently or in collaboration with third parties. we are developing vx-150 and vx-128 as treatments for pain, co-developing ctx001, an investigational gene editing treatment, for the treatment of beta-thalassemia and sickle cell disease, with crispr therapeutics ag, or crispr, and developing vx-210 as a treatment for acute spinal cord injury. we plan to continue investing in our research programs and fostering scientific innovation in order to identify and develop transformative medicines for people with serious diseases. in addition to continuing our research in cystic fibrosis, pain and hemoglobinopathies, our current internal research programs include programs targeting adrenoleukodystrophy, alpha-1 antritrypsin deficiency and polycystic kidney disease. to supplement our internal research programs, we seek to collaborate with biopharmaceutical and technology companies, leading academic research institutions, government laboratories, foundations and other organizations as needed to advance research in our areas of therapeutic interest and to access technologies needed to execute on our strategy. we believe that pursuing research in diverse areas allows us to balance the risks inherent in drug development and may provide drug candidates that will form our pipeline in future years.
drug discovery and development discovery and development of a new pharmaceutical product is a difficult and lengthy process that requires significant financial resources along with extensive technical and regulatory expertise and can take 10 to 15 years or more. potential drug candidates are subjected to rigorous evaluations, driven in part by stringent regulatory considerations, designed to generate information concerning efficacy, side-effects, proper dosage levels and a variety of other physical and chemical characteristics that are important in determining whether a drug candidate should be approved for marketing as a pharmaceutical product. most chemical compounds that are investigated as potential drug candidates never progress into development, and most drug candidates that do advance into development never receive marketing approval. because our investments in drug candidates are subject to considerable risks, we closely monitor the results of our discovery, research, clinical trials and nonclinical studies and frequently evaluate our drug development programs in light of new data and scientific, business and commercial insights, with the objective of balancing risk and potential. this process can result in abrupt changes in focus and priorities as new information becomes available and as we gain additional understanding of our ongoing programs and potential new programs, as well as those of our competitors.
if we believe that data from a completed registration program support approval of a drug candidate, we submit an nda to the fda requesting approval to market the drug candidate in the united states and seek analogous approvals from comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions. to obtain approval, we must, among other things, demonstrate with evidence gathered in nonclinical studies and well-controlled clinical trials that the drug candidate is safe and effective for the disease it is intended to treat and that the manufacturing facilities, processes and controls for the manufacture of the drug candidate are adequate. the fda and foreign regulatory authorities have substantial discretion in deciding whether or not a drug candidate should be granted approval based on the benefits and risks of the drug candidate in the treatment of a particular disease, and could delay, limit or deny regulatory approval. if regulatory delays are significant or regulatory approval is limited or denied altogether, our financial results and the commercial prospects for the drug candidate involved will be harmed.
regulatory compliance our marketing of pharmaceutical products is subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations. we have a corporate compliance program designed to actively identify, prevent and mitigate risk through the implementation of compliance policies and systems, and through the promotion of a culture of compliance. among other laws, regulations and standards, we are subject to various u.s. federal and state laws, and comparable foreign laws, pertaining to health care fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback and false claims laws, and laws prohibiting the promotion of drugs for unapproved or off-label uses. anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to solicit, offer, receive or pay any remuneration to induce the referral of business, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug that is reimbursed by a state or federal program. false claims laws prohibit anyone from knowingly or willfully presenting for payment to third-party payors, including medicare and medicaid, claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. we are subject to laws and regulations that regulate the sales and marketing practices of pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act that govern our international business practices with respect to payments to government officials. we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to maintain, administer and expand these compliance programs globally.
reimbursement sales of our products depend, to a large degree, on the extent to which our products are covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed health care organizations. we dedicate substantial management and other resources in order to obtain and maintain appropriate levels of reimbursement for our products from third-party payors, including governmental organizations in the united states and ex-u.s. markets. in the united states, we continue to engage in discussions with numerous commercial insurers and managed health care organizations, along with government health programs that are typically managed by authorities in the individual states. in europe and other ex-u.s. markets, we work to obtain government reimbursement for orkambi on a country-by-country basis, because in many foreign countries patients are unable to access prescription pharmaceutical products that are not reimbursed by their governments.
in the united states, we worked successfully with third party payors in order to promptly obtain appropriate levels of reimbursement for kalydeco and orkambi and are beginning that process for symdeko. we also successfully obtained reimbursement for kalydeco in each significant ex-u.s. market within two years of approval. since we obtained approval for orkambi in 2015, we have experienced significant challenges in obtaining reimbursement for orkambi in ex-u.s. markets, to date, having reached a pricing and reimbursement agreement for orkambi in several european countries, including germany, ireland and italy, but remaining in negotiations with a number of other european countries,
including the united kingdom and france, which represent significant potential markets for orkambi. while we have innovative reimbursement arrangements in place in certain ex-u.s. jurisdiction such as ireland that will allow rapid access to tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, if approved, and orkambi for younger patients, in most significant markets we will need to obtain country-by-country reimbursement for each new medicine and each label expansions for a current medicine.
collaboration arrangements we have entered into collaborations with biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies in order to acquire rights or to license drug candidates or technologies that enhance our pipeline and/or our research capabilities. over the last several years, we entered into collaboration agreements with:
•   crispr, pursuant to which we are collaborating on the discovery and development of potential new treatments aimed at the underlying genetic causes of human diseases using crispr-cas9 gene editing technology;
•   moderna therapeutics, inc., or moderna, pursuant to which we are seeking to identify and develop messenger ribonucleic acid, or mrna, therapeutics for the treatment of cf;
•   parion sciences, inc., or parion, pursuant to which we are developing epithelial sodium channel, or enac, inhibitors for the treatment of pulmonary diseases.
generally, when we in-license a technology or drug candidate, we make upfront payments to the collaborator, assume the costs of the program and agree to make contingent payments, which could consist of milestone, royalty and option payments. depending on many factors, including the structure of the collaboration, the significance of the drug candidate that we license to the collaborator's operations and the other activities in which our collaborators are engaged, the accounting for these transactions can vary significantly. for example, the upfront payments and expenses incurred in connection with our crispr and moderna collaborations are being expensed as research expenses because the collaboration represents a small portion of these collaborators overall business. crispr and moderna's activities unrelated to our collaborations have no effect on our consolidated financial statements. parion and bioaxone have historically been accounted for as variable interest entities, or vies, and historically have been included in our consolidated financial statements due to (i) the significance of the respective licensed programs to parion and bioaxone as a whole, (ii) our power to control the significant activities under each collaboration and (iii) our obligation to absorb losses and right to receive benefits that potentially could be significant. as of september 30, 2017, we determined that the above conditions were no longer satisfied with respect to parion following the results of a phase 2 clinical trial of vx-371 that did not meet its primary efficacy endpoint. as a result, we no longer account for parion as a vie and have deconsolidated parion from our consolidated financial statements as of september 30, 2017. bioaxone continues to be accounted for as a vie and remains included in our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2017.
collaborators we account for as a vie may engage in activities unrelated to our collaboration. the revenues and expenses unrelated to the programs we in-license from our vies have historically been immaterial to our consolidated financial statements. with respect to each of parion, prior to its deconsolidation as of september 30, 2017, and bioaxone, the activities unrelated to our collaborations with these entities have represented approximately 2% or less of our total revenues and total expenses on an annual basis. as a result of the deconsolidation of parion, we expect these amounts to decrease in future periods. for any consolidated vies, we evaluate the fair value of the contingent payments payable by us on a quarterly basis. changes in the fair value of these contingent future payments affect net income attributable to vertex on a dollar-for-dollar basis, with increases in the fair value of contingent payments payable by us to a vie resulting in a decrease in net income attributable to vertex (or an increase in net loss attributable to vertex) and decreases in the fair value of contingent payments payable by us to a vie resulting in an increase in net income attributable to vertex (or decrease in net loss attributable to vertex). for additional information regarding our vies see note b "collaborative arrangements and acquisitions" and our critical accounting policies "collaborations; variable interest entities."
we also have outlicensed internally-developed programs to collaborators who are leading the development of these programs. these outlicense arrangements include our collaboration agreements with:
•   merck kgaa, darmstadt, germany, or merck kgaa, pursuant to which merck kgaa obtained rights to four oncology research and development programs; and
•   janssen pharmaceuticals, inc., or janssen, inc., which is evaluating jnj-63623872 (formerly vx-787) for the treatment of influenza in a phase 3 clinical development program.
pursuant to these outlicensing arrangements, our collaborators are responsible for the research, development and commercialization costs associated with these programs, and we are entitled to receive contingent milestone and/or royalty payments. as a result, we do not expect to incur significant expenses in connection with these programs and have the potential for future collaborative and/or royalty revenues resulting from these programs.
results of operations
operating costs and expenses                                                         2,365,409               1,692,241               1,499,215           673,168                40   %              193,026                13     %
net income (loss) attributable to vertex comparison of net income (loss) attributable to vertex 2017 vs. 2016
net income attributable to vertex was $263.5 million in 2017 as compared to a net loss attributable to vertex of $(112.1) million in 2016. our revenues increased significantly in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily due to increased orkambi and kalydeco net product revenues and $230.0 million in one-time collaborative revenues related to the strategic collaboration and license agreement we established with merck kgaa in the first quarter of 2017. our operating costs and expenses increased in 2017 as compared to 2016 primarily due to increases in our cost of product revenues related to our increased net product revenues, increases in our research and development expenses, which included $160.0 million in development expenses incurred in connection with the acquisition of vx-561 from concert, increases in our sales and administrative expenses and a $255.3 million intangible asset impairment charge related to parion's pulmonary enac platform.
other items, net in 2017 primarily reflect a benefit from income taxes and certain other benefits associated with the impairment of parion's pulmonary enac platform, for which there were no comparable benefits in 2016, and a decrease in interest expense, net to $57.6 million. other items, net in 2016 primary reflects interest expense, net of $81.4 million, a provision for income taxes of $16.7 million and net income attributable to noncontrolling interest of $28.0 million.
comparison of net loss attributable to vertex 2016 vs. 2015
net loss attributable to vertex was $(112.1) million in 2016 as compared to a net loss attributable to vertex of $(556.3) million in 2015. our revenues increased significantly in 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to an increase in orkambi net product revenues, which we began recognizing in mid-2015, and an increase in kalydeco net product revenues, partially offset by decreases in our royalty revenues and collaborative revenues. our operating costs and expenses increased in 2016 as compared to 2015 primarily due to increases in cost of product revenues, research and development expenses, sales, general and administrative expenses.
the change in our other items, net between 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to a $54.9 million increase in the fair value of contingent payments related to our consolidated vies in 2016, which resulted in an increase in net loss attributable to vertex.
earnings per share in 2017, 2016 and 2015, net income (loss) attributable to vertex was $1.04, $(0.46) and $(2.31), respectively, per diluted share. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, the number of diluted shares used to calculate net income (loss) per common share was 253.2 million, 244.7 million and 241.3 million, respectively. the increase in diluted shares was primarily due to our issuance of shares of common stock pursuant to our employee equity programs.
collaborative revenues         315,184                   1,945                   8,053           313,239               n/a                   (6,108     )         (76    )%
in 2017, orkambi net product revenues were $1.32 billion, including $167.6 million of net product revenues from ex-u.s. markets, compared to orkambi net product revenues of $979.6 million in 2016, including $76.4 million of net product revenues from ex-u.s. markets. orkambi sales commenced in mid-2015 and net product revenues were $350.7 million during 2015, including $1.6 million of net product revenues from ex-u.s. markets. symdeko was approved by the fda in february 2018 and we expect that a portion of the patients currently receiving orkambi will switch to symdeko following its approval. our consolidated balance sheet includes $232.4 million collected as of december 31, 2017 in france related to orkambi supplied under early access programs at the invoiced price. pursuant to the revenue recognition guidance applicable through december 31, 2017, we have not recognized any net product revenues to date on sales of orkambi in france because the price was not fixed or determinable. please refer to critical accounting policies - revenue recognition below for a discussion of our early access program for orkambi in france and the application of the new revenue recognition guidance that becomes effective on january 1, 2018.
in 2017, kalydeco net product revenues were $844.6 million, including $334.2 million of net product revenues from ex-u.s. markets, compared to kalydeco net product revenues of $703.4 million in 2016, including $303.9 million of net product revenues from ex-u.s. markets. in 2015, kalydeco net product revenues were $631.7 million, including $266.1 million of net product revenues from ex-u.s. markets. the increases year-over-year were primarily due to additional patients being treated with kalydeco as we completed reimbursement discussions in various ex-u.s. jurisdictions and to the increased number of patients eligible to receive kalydeco through label expansions.
in 2018, we believe that our total cf net product revenues will increase as compared to 2017 and will be dependent on our ability to successfully commercialize symdeko in the united states and on our ability to continue to expand the number of patients eligible for our medicines and to obtain approval and reimbursement for our medicines, including tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, in ex-u.s. markets.
royalty revenues our royalty revenues were $8.0 million, $16.6 million and $24.0 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. our royalty revenues primarily consist of revenues related to a cash payment we received in 2008 when we sold our rights to certain hiv royalties. pursuant to the new revenue recognition guidance that became applicable on january 1, 2018, we do not expect to recognize royalty revenues in future periods related to the 2008 cash payment because the remaining $6.9 million that was deferred as of december 31, 2017 will be recorded as a cumulative effect adjustment to our accumulated deficit, net of deferred costs, in the first quarter of 2018. our future royalty revenues will be dependent on if, and when, our collaborators, including janssen, inc. and merck kgaa, are able to successfully develop drug candidates that we have outlicensed to them.
collaborative revenues our collaborative revenues were $315.2 million, $1.9 million and $8.1 million in 2017, 2016 and 2015, respectively. in 2017, our collaborative revenues included (i) $230.0 million in revenues related to the one-time upfront payment earned in the first quarter of 2017 from merck kgaa and (ii) a $25.0 million milestone related to our license agreement with janssen, inc. for the treatment of influenza. our 2017 collaborative revenues also included $40.0 million in revenues related to upfront and milestone payments earned by parion in the second and third quarter of 2017 pursuant to a license agreement parion entered into with a third party. we are not a party to the parion license agreement and have no economic interest in either the license or these milestone payments. these revenues were included in our consolidated financial statements because during these periods we were consolidating parion as a vie. parion was deconsolidated as a vie as of september 30, 2017 and any future payments received by parion pursuant to this license agreement will no longer be recognized by us as collaborative revenue. our collaborative revenues have historically fluctuated significantly from one period to another and may continue to fluctuate in the future.
operating costs and expenses
cost of product revenues                          $272,675                $206,811                $117,151           $65,864                32     %            $89,660                77     %
research and development expenses                1,324,625               1,047,690                 995,922           276,935                26     %             51,768                 5     %
intangible asset impairment charge                 255,340                       -                       -           255,340               n/a                        -               n/a total costs and expenses                        $2,365,409              $1,692,241              $1,499,215          $673,168                40     %           $193,026                13     %
cost of product revenues our cost of product revenues includes the cost of producing inventories that corresponded to product revenues for the reporting period, plus the third-party royalties payable on our net sales of our products. pursuant to our agreement with cystic fibrosis foundation therapeutics incorporated, or cfft, our tiered third-party royalties on sales of kalydeco, orkambi and symdeko, calculated as a percentage of net sales, range from the single digits to the sub-teens. as a result of the tiered royalty rate, which resets annually, our cost of product revenues as a percentage of cf product revenues is lower at the beginning of each calendar year.
our cost of product revenues have been increasing due primarily to increased net product revenues. in each of 2016 and 2015, our cost of product revenues included a $13.9 million commercial milestone that was earned by cfft and was related to sales of orkambi. there are no further commercial milestones payable to cfft. in 2018, we expect our cost of product revenues as a percentage of total cf product revenues to be similar to the cost of product revenues as a percentage of total cf product revenues in 2017.
royalty expenses royalty expenses primarily consist of expenses related to a subroyalty payable to a third party on net sales of an hiv protease inhibitor sold by glaxosmithkline. royalty expenses do not include royalties we pay to cfft on sales of kalydeco and orkambi, which instead are included in cost of product revenues.
research and development expenses
development expenses                          1,013,419                 733,088               658,125       280,331             38            %        74,963              11            %
total research and development expenses      $1,324,625              $1,047,690              $995,922       $276,935            26            %        $51,768             5             %
our research and development expenses include internal and external costs incurred for research and development of our drugs and drug candidates. we do not assign our internal costs, such as salary and benefits, stock-based compensation expense, laboratory supplies and other direct expenses and infrastructure costs, to individual drugs or drug candidates, because the employees within our research and development groups typically are deployed across multiple research and development programs. these internal costs are significantly greater than our external costs, such as the costs of services provided to us by clinical research organizations and other outsourced research, which we allocate by individual program. all research and development costs for our drugs and drug candidates are expensed as incurred.
over the past three years, we have incurred $3.4 billion in research and development expenses associated with drug discovery and development. the successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain and subject to a number of risks. in addition, the duration of clinical trials may vary substantially according to the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidate and the disease indication being targeted. the fda and comparable agencies in foreign countries impose substantial requirements on the introduction of therapeutic pharmaceutical products, typically requiring lengthy and detailed laboratory and clinical testing procedures, sampling activities and other costly and time-consuming procedures. data obtained from nonclinical and clinical activities at any step in the testing process may be adverse and lead to discontinuation or redirection of development activities. data obtained from these activities also are susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. the duration and cost of discovery, nonclinical studies and clinical trials may vary significantly over the life of a project and are difficult to predict. therefore, accurate and meaningful estimates of the ultimate costs to bring our drug candidates to market are not available.
in 2015, 2016 and 2017, costs related to our cf programs represented the largest portion of our development costs. any estimates regarding development and regulatory timelines for our drug candidates are highly subjective and subject to change. we expect the ema to complete its review of our maa for tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor in the second half of 2018. we cannot make a meaningful estimate when, if ever, our other clinical development programs will generate revenues and cash flows.
salary and benefits                                 $81,229               $80,845               $81,752            $384               &lt;1%                    $(907     )          (1   )%
outsourced services                                  39,497                33,682                24,210           5,815                   17   %                9,472                39   %
collaboration and asset acquisition payments          8,425                33,000                75,000         (24,575     )            (74   )%             (42,000     )         (56   )%
over the past three years we have maintained a substantial and consistent investment in our internal research activities. our total research expenses have been affected by research expenses associated with our business development activities, which are reflected in collaboration and asset acquisition payments. collaboration and asset acquisition payments in 2016 included a $20.0 million upfront payment to moderna and approximately $10.0 million in expenses related to the acquisition of early-stage research assets. collaboration and asset acquisition payments in 2015 consisted of a $75.0 million upfront payment we made to crispr. we expect to continue to invest in our research programs with a focus on identifying drug candidates with the goal of creating transformative medicines.
development expenses
development expenses:
salary and benefits                                  $208,769              $177,399              $164,466           $31,370                18     %          $12,933                 8     %
outsourced services                                   337,901               282,137               248,506            55,764                20     %           33,631                14     %
collaboration and asset acquisition payments          160,250                     -                     -           160,250               n/a                      -               n/a drug supply costs                                      13,660                12,510                 9,799             1,150                 9     %            2,711                28     %
total development expenses                         $1,013,419              $733,088              $658,125          $280,331                38     %          $74,963                11     %
our development expenses increased by $280.3 million, or 38%, in 2017 as compared to 2016 and increased by $75.0 million, or 11%, in 2016 as compared to 2015. the increase in 2017 as compared to 2016 was primarily due to the $160.0 million payment to concert in connection with the acquisition of vx-561 in the third quarter of 2017 and to increased outsourced services expenses related to ongoing clinical trials, including trials involving our next-generation cftr corrector compounds that we are evaluating as part of triple combination treatment regimens. we expect our development expenses, excluding collaboration and asset acquisition payments, to increase in 2018 as compared to 2017 due to expenses related to the advancement of our triple combination regimens into phase 3 development.
the increased development expenses in 2016 as compared to 2015 were primarily due to an increase in outsourced services related to clinical trials, including our phase 3 development program for tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor and increases in salary and benefits, laboratory supplies and other direct expenses and infrastructure costs.
sales, general and administrative expenses increased by 15% in 2017 as compared to 2016, and by 15% in 2016 as compared to 2015. these increases were primarily due to increased global support for kalydeco and orkambi and costs incurred to prepare for the launch of symdeko in the united states.
restructuring expenses in 2017, 2016 and 2015, we recorded restructuring expenses of $14.2 million, $1.3 million and $2.2 million, respectively. our restructuring expenses in 2017 were primarily related to our decision to consolidate our research activities into our boston, milton park and san diego locations and to close our research site in canada.
intangible asset impairment charge in 2017, we recorded a $255.3 million impairment charge related to parion's pulmonary enac platform that we licensed from parion in 2015 and a benefit from income taxes of $97.7 million related to this impairment charge attributable to parion. there were no corresponding intangible asset impairment charges in 2016 or 2015.
other items, net interest expense, net our interest expense, net relates primarily to interest expenses associated with our real estate leases and interest on our outstanding debt. in 2017, 2016 and 2015, interest expense, net was $57.6 million, $81.4 million and $84.2 million, respectively. the decrease in interest expense, net in 2017 as compared to 2016 was primarily due to the repayment of the $300.0 million outstanding under our revolving credit facility in february 2017. in 2018, we expect that we will incur approximately $66 million in interest expenses related to our real estate leases and that our interest expense related to outstanding debt will be dependent on whether, and to what extent, we reborrow amounts under our credit facility.
other (expense) income, net in 2017, other (expense) income, net was an expense of $81.4 million primarily related to the deconsolidation of parion. in 2016, we recorded net other income of $4.1 million primarily related to foreign exchange gains. in 2015, we recorded net other expense of $6.7 million primarily related to foreign exchange losses.
income taxes in 2017, we recorded a benefit from income taxes of $107.3 million, related to a benefit from income taxes of $114.1 million attributable to noncontrolling interest primarily as a result of our impairment of parion's pulmonary enac platform and decrease in the fair value of the contingent payments payable by us to parion in the third quarter of 2017, partially offset by a provision for income taxes of $6.8 million related primarily to u.s. state and foreign taxes. as discussed below in critical accounting policies - income taxes, we continue to maintain a valuation allowance on the majority of our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets and are in the process of determining the impact that h.r.1., known as the tax cuts and jobs act of 2017, will have on our provision for (benefit from) income taxes in the future.
in 2016, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $16.7 million, principally due to income taxes payable by our vies. in 2015, we recorded a provision for income taxes of $30.4 million, principally due to the consolidation of parion as a vie into our consolidated financial statements.
the net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (vies) recorded on our consolidated statements of operations reflects parion (through september 30, 2017) and bioaxone's net (income) loss for the reporting period, adjusted for any changes in the noncontrolling interest holders' claim to net assets, including contingent milestone, royalty and option payments. a summary of net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest related to our vies for the three years ended december 31, 2017 is as follows:
loss attributable to noncontrolling interest before (benefit from) provision for income taxes and changes in fair value of contingent payments      $223,379               $10,086              $6,646
(benefit from) provision for income taxes                                                                                                           (114,090   )            16,743              29,731
decrease (increase) in fair value of contingent payments                                                                                              62,560               (54,850   )          (4,530   )
the net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in the year ended december 31, 2017 was primarily related to the $255.3 million impairment charge related to parion's pulmonary enac platform, a decrease in fair value of the contingent payments payable by us to parion of $69.6 million and benefit from income taxes of $126.2 million related to these charges. the net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in 2016 and the net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest in 2015 were primarily related to an increase in the fair value of contingent payments based on a phase 2 clinical trial of vx-371
achieving its primary safety endpoint and a provision for income taxes related to our $80.0 million upfront payment to parion, respectively. as of september 30, 2017, we have deconsolidated parion.
liquidity and capital resources the following table summarizes the components of our financial condition as of december 31, 2017 and 2016:
cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities      $2,088,666                $1,434,557                $654,109                46     %
working capital total current assets                                  $2,648,963                $1,831,540                $817,423                45     %
total working capital                                 $1,841,703                $1,039,003                $802,700                77     %
as of december 31, 2017, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $2.1 billion, which represented an increase of $654.1 million from approximately $1.4 billion as of december 31, 2016. the increase in our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities balance in 2017 was primarily due to increased cash receipts from product sales, cash received from issuances of common stock under our employee benefit plans and $193.6 million of the $230.0 million upfront payment received from our collaboration with merck kgaa, partially offset by cash expenditures in 2017, related to among other things research and development expenses and sales, general and administrative expenses, the $300.0 million repayment of our revolving credit facility and the $160.0 million payment to concert in connection with the acquisition of vx-561. we expect that our future cash flows will be substantially dependent on our cf product sales.
as of december 31, 2017, total working capital was $1.8 billion, which represented an increase of $802.7 million from approximately $1.0 billion as of december 31, 2016. the most significant items that increased total working capital in 2017 were $844.9 million cash provided by operations and $344.8 million cash received from issuances of common stock under our employee benefit plans, partially offset by the $300.0 million repayment of our revolving credit facility.
sources of liquidity we intend to rely on our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities together with cash flows from product sales as our primary source of liquidity. we are receiving cash flows from sales of orkambi and kalydeco from the united states and ex-u.s. markets and will begin receiving cash flows from sales of symdeko in the united states in 2018. we submitted an maa to the ema for tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor and expect the ema to complete its review in the second half of 2018. future net product revenues for orkambi and, if approved, tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, from ex-u.s. markets will be dependent on, among other things, the timing of and ability to complete reimbursement discussions in european countries.
in february 2017, we repaid the $300.0 million we had borrowed under our $500.0 million revolving credit facility. we may repay and reborrow amounts under the revolving credit agreement without penalty. subject to certain conditions, we may request that the borrowing capacity under this credit agreement be increased by an additional $300.0 million.
in 2015 and 2017, we also received significant proceeds from the issuance of common stock under our employee benefit plans and more limited proceeds from employee benefit plans in 2016. the amount and timing of future proceeds from employee benefits plans is uncertain. other possible sources of liquidity include strategic collaborative agreements that include research and/or development funding, commercial debt, public and private offerings of our equity and debt securities, development milestones and royalties on sales of products, software and equipment leases, strategic sales of assets or businesses and financial transactions. negative covenants in our credit agreement may prohibit or limit our ability to access these sources of liquidity.
future capital requirements we incur substantial operating expenses to conduct research and development activities and to operate our organization. under the terms of our credit agreement entered into in october 2016, we are required to repay all outstanding principal amounts in 2021. we also have substantial facility and capital lease obligations, including leases for two buildings in boston,
massachusetts that continue through 2028 and capital expenditures for our building under construction in san diego, california. as of december 31, 2017, we have collected approximately $232.4 million from orkambi early access programs in france for which the price is not fixed or determinable. we expect we will be required to repay a portion of the collected amounts to the french government based on the difference between the invoiced price of orkambi and the final price for orkambi in france once we conclude our ongoing pricing discussions with the french government.
in addition, we have entered into certain collaboration agreements with third parties that include the funding of certain research, development and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental and regulatory targets and/or commercial targets and we may enter into additional business development transactions that require additional capital. our board of directors has also authorized a share repurchase program pursuant to which we may use up to $500.0 million to repurchase shares of our common stock through december 31, 2019.
we expect that cash flows from orkambi, kalydeco and symdeko, together with our current cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least the next twelve months. the adequacy of our available funds to meet our future operating and capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the amounts of future revenues generated by orkambi, kalydeco and symdeko, and the potential introduction of one or more of our other drug candidates to the market, the level of our business development activities and the number, breadth, cost and prospects of our research and development programs.
financing strategy we have a $500.0 million revolving credit facility that we entered into in october 2016. we may repay and reborrow amounts under the revolving credit agreement without penalty. in addition, subject to certain conditions, we may request that the borrowing capacity under this credit agreement be increased by an additional $300.0 million. we may raise additional capital through public offerings or private placements of our securities or securing new collaborative agreements or other methods of financing. we will continue to manage our capital structure and will consider all financing opportunities, whenever they may occur, that could strengthen our long-term liquidity profile. there can be no assurance that any such financing opportunities will be available on acceptable terms, if at all.
contractual commitments and obligations the following table sets forth our commitments and obligations as of december 31, 2017:
capital lease obligations                            24,004                15,686                   5,382         387                                 45,459
research, development and drug supply costs          34,878                     -                       -                       -                     34,878
in december 2015, we entered into a lease agreement, pursuant to which we agreed to lease approximately 170,000 square feet of office and laboratory space in a building under construction in san diego, california. we expect to commence base rent payments in the second quarter of 2019 and the lease has a term of 16 years. the future minimum rental payments that we are obligated to pay after taking occupancy are included in "facility leases, excluding fan pier leases."
the table also reflects leases of equipment and leasehold improvements that are accounted for as capital leases.
research, development and drug supply costs the amounts reflected in "research, development and drug supply costs", do not include certain payments we are obligated to make to clinical research organizations, or cros, because these contracts are cancelable, at our option, with notice. however, we historically have not cancelled such contracts. as of december 31, 2017, we had accrued $35.8 million related to these contracts for costs incurred for services provided through december 31, 2017, and we have approximately $148.5 million in cancelable future commitments based on existing contracts as of december 31, 2017. these amounts reflect planned expenditures based on existing contracts and do not reflect any future modifications to, or terminations of, existing contracts or anticipated or potential new contracts.
collaborative arrangements and asset acquisitions we have entered into certain research and development collaboration agreements with third parties and acquired certain assets that include the funding of certain development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts with the potential for future milestone and royalty payments by us upon the achievement of pre-established developmental, regulatory and/or commercial targets. our obligation to fund these efforts is contingent upon continued involvement in the programs and/or the lack of any adverse events that could cause the discontinuance of the programs. our payment obligations under these collaboration agreements include the following:
•   cfft: cfft has the right to tiered royalties ranging from single digits to sub-teens on any approved drugs first synthesized and/or tested during a research term on or before february 28, 2014, including kalydeco, orkambi, lumacaftor, ivacaftor and tezacaftor and royalties ranging from low single digits to mid-single digits on potential sales of certain compounds first synthesized and/or tested between march 1, 2014 and august 31, 2016, including vx-659 and vx-445. for combination products, such as orkambi and symdeko, sales are allocated equally to each of the active pharmaceutical ingredients in the combination product.
•   crispr: crispr has the potential to receive milestone and royalty payments, including up to $420.0 million in development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments for each of up to six targets pursuant to the collaboration.
•   moderna: moderna has the potential to receive milestone and royalty payments, including up to $275.0 million in development and regulatory milestones.
•   bioaxone: bioaxone has the potential to receive milestone and royalty payments, including up to $90.0 million in development and regulatory milestone payments (including a license continuation fee).
•   parion: parion has the potential to receive milestone and royalty payments, including up to $485.0 million in development and regulatory milestone payments for the development of vx-371 and/or vx-551 to treat cf.
in addition to the above collaborations, in 2017 we acquired certain cf assets including vx-561 from concert pursuant to an asset purchase agreement. under the asset purchase agreement, concert has the potential to receive milestone payments, including up to $90.0 million in milestones based on regulatory approval in the u.s. and reimbursement in the u.k., germany or france.
contingent payments under these agreements become due and payable only upon achievement of certain milestones and are not included in the contractual obligations table above.
tax-related obligations we exclude liabilities pertaining to uncertain tax positions from our summary of contractual obligations as we cannot make a reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. as of december 31, 2017, we did not have any liabilities associated with uncertain tax positions. as of december 31, 2017, we cannot reasonably estimate the amount we expect to pay within the next twelve months in connection with any such settlements.
other funding commitments our table detailing contractual commitments and obligations does not include severance payment obligations to certain of our executive officers in the event of a not-for-cause employment termination under existing employment contracts. we provide information regarding these obligations annually in our proxy statement for our annual meeting of shareholders.
critical accounting policies and estimates our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reported periods. these items are monitored and analyzed by management for changes in facts and circumstances, and material changes in these estimates could occur in the future. changes in estimates are reflected in reported results for the period in which the change occurs. we base our estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. actual results may differ from our estimates if past experience or other assumptions do not turn out to be substantially accurate.
we believe that our application of the following accounting policies, each of which requires significant judgments and estimates on the part of management, are the most critical to aid in fully understanding and evaluating our reported financial results:
•   revenue recognition;
•   collaborations; variable interest entities;
•   research and development accruals;
our accounting policies, including the ones discussed below, are more fully described in the notes to our consolidated financial statements, including note a, "nature of business and accounting policies," included in this annual report on form 10-k.
revenue recognition product revenues, net we generate product revenues from sales in the united states and in international markets. we sell our products principally to a limited number of specialty pharmacy providers in north america as well as government-owned and supported customers in international markets, collectively, our customers. our customers in north america subsequently resell our products to patients and health care providers. we contract with government agencies so that our products will be eligible for purchase by, or partial or full reimbursement from, such third-party payors. we recognize net product revenues from sales of our products upon delivery to our customers as long as:
•   there is persuasive evidence that an arrangement exists between us and our customer;
in order to conclude that the price is fixed or determinable, we must be able to calculate our gross product revenues from our customers and reasonably estimate our net product revenues upon delivery to our customers' locations. our gross product revenues are based on the fixed price for our products that we charge our customers. we estimate our net product revenues by deducting from our gross product revenues (i) trade allowances, such as invoice discounts for prompt payment and customer fees, (ii) estimated government and private payor rebates, chargebacks and discounts, (iii) estimated reserves for expected product returns and (iv) estimated costs of co-pay assistance programs for patients, as well as other incentives for certain indirect customers. we make significant estimates and judgments that materially affect our recognition of net product revenues. changes in our estimates of net product revenues could have a material effect on net product revenues recorded in the period in which we determine that change occurs.
the value of the rebates, chargebacks and discounts provided to third-party payors per course of treatment vary significantly and are based on government-mandated discounts and our arrangements with other third-party payors. in order to estimate our total rebates, chargebacks and discounts, we estimate the percentage of prescriptions that will be covered by each third-party payor, which is referred to as the payor mix. we track available information regarding changes, if any, to the payor mix for our products, to our contractual terms with third-party payors and to applicable governmental programs and regulations and levels of our products in the distribution channel. we adjust our estimated rebates, chargebacks and discounts based on new information, including information regarding actual rebates, chargebacks and discounts for our products, as it becomes available. claims by third-party payors for rebates, chargebacks and discounts are submitted to us significantly after the related sales, potentially resulting in adjustments in the period in which the new information becomes known.
our customers generally have the right to return unopened unprescribed packages subject to contractual limitations. to date, returns have been minimal and, based on inventory levels held by our customers and our distribution model, we believe that returns of products will continue to be minimal. we track actual returns by individual production lots and will continue to monitor inventory levels in the distribution channel. if necessary, we will adjust our estimated product returns based on new information as it becomes available.
in certain instances, we may be unable to reasonably conclude that the price is fixed or determinable at the time of delivery, in which case we defer the recognition of revenues. once we are able to determine that the price is fixed or determinable, we recognize the revenues associated with the units in which revenue recognition was deferred. for example, we began distributing orkambi in france in 2015 through early access programs but have not recognized any revenues from product sales through december 31, 2017 because the price is not fixed or determinable due to the ongoing pricing discussions regarding the reimbursement rate for orkambi in france. our consolidated balance sheets included $232.4 million and $73.4 million collected as of december 31, 2017 and 2016, respectively, in france related to orkambi that are classified as "customer deposits". we expect that the difference between the amounts collected based on the invoiced price and the final price for orkambi in france will be returned to the french government.
because we concluded that the price is not fixed or determinable as of december 31, 2017, the amounts classified as customer deposits related to shipments of orkambi under early access programs will be subject to the new guidance applicable to revenue recognition that became effective january 1, 2018. pursuant to the new guidance, we will record a cumulative effect adjustment to our accumulated deficit in the first quarter of 2018. the amount of the adjustment to accumulated deficit will be determined based upon (i) the status of pricing discussions in france upon adoption and (ii) our estimate of the amount of consideration we expect to retain related to the french orkambi sales that occurred on or prior to december 31, 2017 that will not be subject to a significant reversal in amounts recognized. for orkambi sales in france that occur after december 31, 2017 under the early access programs, we will recognize product revenues based on our estimate of consideration we expect to retain that will not be subject to a significant reversal in amounts recognized. in periods after the first quarter of 2018, if our estimates regarding the amounts we will receive for orkambi supplied pursuant to these programs change, the effect of the change in estimates, which may be significant, would be reflected in net product revenues in the period in which the change in estimate occurred. for more information regarding the new guidance please see note a, "nature of business and accounting policies."
collaborative revenues we recognize revenues generated through collaborative research, development and/or commercialization agreements. the terms of these agreements typically include payment to us of one or more of the following: nonrefundable, up-front license fees; development and commercial milestone payments; funding of research and/or development activities; and royalties on net sales of licensed products. each of these types of payments that result in collaborative revenues, except for revenues from royalties on net sales of licensed products, which are classified as royalty revenues.
for each collaborative research, development and/or commercialization agreement that results in revenues, we determine (i) whether multiple deliverables exist, (ii) whether the undelivered elements have value to the customer on a stand-alone basis, (iii) how the deliverables should be separated and (iv) how the consideration should be allocated to the deliverables. we allocate consideration in an arrangement using the relative selling price method based on our best estimate of selling price of deliverables if we do not have vendor-specific objective evidence or third-party evidence. as part of the accounting for these agreements, we must develop assumptions that require judgment to determine the best estimate of selling price. we utilize key assumptions to determine the best estimate of selling price, which may include patient enrollment requirements from regulatory authorities, development timelines, reimbursement rates for personnel costs, discount rates, and estimated third-party development costs.
intangible assets we maintain an indefinite-lived in-process research and development asset on our consolidated balance sheet until either the research and development project underlying it is completed or the asset becomes impaired. when we determine that an asset has become impaired or we abandon a project, we write down the carrying value of the related intangible asset to its fair value and take an impairment charge in the period in which the impairment occurs.
we assess the fair value of assets, including intangible assets such as in-process research and development assets, using a variety of methods, including present-value models that are based upon multiple probability-weighted scenarios involving the development and potential commercialization of the underlying drug candidates. the present-value models require us to make significant assumptions regarding the estimates that market participants would make in evaluating a drug candidate, including the probability of successfully completing clinical trials and obtaining regulatory approval to market the drug candidate, the timing of and the expected costs to complete in-process research and development projects, future net cash flows from potential drug sales, which are based on estimates of the sales price of the drug, the number of patients who will be diagnosed and treated and our competitive position in the marketplace, and appropriate discount and tax rates.
we test our intangible assets for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1, and more frequently if indicators are present or changes in circumstance suggest that impairment may exist. events that could result in an impairment, or trigger an interim impairment assessment, include the receipt of additional clinical or nonclinical data regarding our drug candidate or a potentially competitive drug candidate, changes in the clinical development program for a drug candidate or new information regarding potential sales for the drug. in connection with each annual impairment assessment and any interim impairment assessment, we compare the fair value of the asset as of the date of the assessment with the carrying value of the asset on our consolidated balance sheet.
as of december 31, 2017, we had $29.0 million as an indefinite-lived intangible asset recorded on our consolidated balance sheet related to bioaxone, our variable interest entity (vie) that we consolidated as of december 31, 2017. in the third quarter of 2017, a full intangible asset impairment charge of $255.3 million related to parion's pulmonary enac platform was recorded. we had recorded the indefinite-lived intangible asset for parion on our consolidated balance sheet based on our estimate of the fair value of parion's pulmonary enac platform in june 2015 and made significant estimates regarding: (i) the probability of obtaining regulatory approval for an enac drug candidate; (ii) the timing and expected costs to develop and commercialize an enac drug candidate; (iii) future cash flows from potential product sales with respect to an enac drug candidate and (iv) appropriate discount and tax rates. the timing of this impairment charge was based on changes in our estimates regarding the potential to develop this asset, which were reflected in our reported results in the period in which they became known.
collaborations; variable interest entities our collaborations require us to apply accounting policies that involve significant judgments and that have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. we review each collaboration agreement pursuant to which we license assets owned by a collaborator in order to determine whether we have a variable interest via the license agreement with the collaborator and if the variable interest is a variable interest in the collaborator as a whole. in connection with this assessment, we consider and make judgments regarding the following, among other factors: (1) whether the collaborator is a business; (2) the purpose and design of the collaborator; (3) the value of the licensed asset(s) as compared to the value of the collaborator as a whole; and (4) which party has the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the collaborator's economic performance. for example, in connection with the parion collaboration, we consolidated parion's financial statements into our financial statements from june 2015 through september 2017. to reach this conclusion we determined that (a) parion was a business; (b) the purpose and redesign of parion was to advance the development and commercialization of the licensed assets with a company that is able to effectively develop and commercialize products for the treatment of cystic fibrosis and other pulmonary diseases; (c) the licensed assets represented significantly more than half the value of parion; and (d) through the joint steering committee, we had the power to direct the development and commercialization of parion's enac inhibitors, which were the activities that most significantly affected the economic performance of parion during this period of time. similarly, we have determined that bioaxone is a vie that we have consolidated into our financial statements since 2014.
we evaluate on a quarterly basis if we continue to have a variable interest in each vie and are the primary beneficiary of the vie, and if we later determine that we no longer have a variable interest or are no longer the primary beneficiary, we deconsolidate the applicable vie. this evaluation involves an assessment of the activities being conducted pursuant to our collaboration agreement with the collaborator, the collaborator's financial statements, discussions with the collaborator's management regarding its other activities, including any new collaborations, financing activities, clinical data and the collaborator's other programs.
after evaluating the results from a phase 2 clinical trial of vx-371 that did not meet its primary efficacy endpoint, we determined, based on among other things, the significance of the enac development activities and the decrease in the fair value of parion's pulmonary enac platform relative to parion's other activities, that we were no longer the primary beneficiary of parion as we no longer had the power to direct the significant activities of parion. accordingly, we deconsolidated parion as of september 30, 2017.
we believe that the following effects of the consolidation and deconsolidation of vies on our consolidated financial statements are the most significant:
•   in each period, we record net income (loss) attributable to our vies noncontrolling interest. this net income (loss) reflects our vies net income (loss) for the period as adjusted for gains and losses in the fair value of the contingent payments, which consist of milestone, royalty and option payments, payable by us to our vies. determining the fair value of the contingent payments payable by us to our vies requires us to make significant estimates regarding the probability and potential timing of achieving each of the milestones pursuant to the agreement, future potential net sales of licensed products and appropriate discount rates. we expect that the net income (loss) attributed to noncontrolling interest will continue to be affected by changes in the fair value of the contingent payments. in 2017, the fair value of contingent payments payable by us decreased by $62.6 million primarily due to the phase 2 clinical trial of vx-371 not meeting its primary efficacy endpoint. in 2016 and 2015, the fair value of contingent payments payable by us increased by $54.9 million and $4.5 million, respectively. the increase in fair value of the contingent payments in 2016 primarily related to a separate phase 2 clinical trial of vx-371 achieving its primary safety endpoint. the changes in the fair value of contingent payments decrease or increase our net loss attributable to vertex on a dollar-for-dollar basis.
•   we recorded $255.3 million and $29.0 million, respectively, of intangible assets on our consolidated balance sheet based on our estimate of the fair value of parion's and bioaxone's in-process research and development assets as of the applicable transaction date and made significant estimates regarding: (i) the probability of obtaining regulatory approval for the applicable licensed drug candidate(s); (ii) the timing and expected costs to develop and commercialize the applicable licensed drug candidate(s); (iii) future cash flows from potential product sales with respect to the applicable licensed drug candidate(s) and (iv) appropriate discount and tax rates. if we are successful in developing a drug candidate, we will amortize the carrying value of the relevant intangible asset. we test these in-process research and development assets for impairment on an annual basis as of october 1, and more frequently if indicators are present or changes in circumstances suggest that impairment may exist. in september 2017, we determined that the intangible assets associated with parion's enac program has been impaired primarily due to the phase 2 clinical trial of vx-371 not meeting its primary efficacy endpoint. if the fair value of any other licensed program becomes impaired as the result of safety or efficacy data from any ongoing or future clinical trial conducted by us or our competitors or because of any other information regarding the prospects of successfully developing or commercializing the applicable licensed drug candidate(s), we could incur significant charges in the period in which the impairment occurs.
•   the revenues, research and development expenses and sales, general and administrative expenses of our vies that are unrelated to the programs that we in-license from our vies and that are consolidated into our financial statements are set forth in the table below and represent approximately 2% or less of our revenues, research and development expenses and sales, general and administrative expenses in each period:
research and development expenses                                                                                                      (7,729   )            (6,762   )          (3,642   )
loss attributable to noncontrolling interest before provision for income taxes and changes in fair value of contingent payments     $(223,379   )          $(10,086   )         $(6,646   )
to the extent that bioaxone pursues other programs, expenses related to those activities would be reflected in our research and development expenses and our sales, general and administrative expenses as a result of the financial statement consolidation. we would not be entitled to any benefits from those activities. in future periods, bioaxone could increase their operating expenses related to other activities and any such increases would affect our operating expenses as presented in our consolidated financial statements.
•   we reflect all of our vies' cash and cash equivalents under the heading "restricted cash and cash equivalents (vie)" on our consolidated balance sheets. we do not have any rights to our vies cash or cash equivalents, these resources are not available to fund research and development programs pursuant to the collaborations and these amounts do not provide us with any additional liquidity. our vies have control over the restricted cash and cash equivalents (vie), including the ability to distribute the restricted cash and cash equivalents to their equity holders, and as a result, these assets, although carried on our consolidated balance sheets, are not included in the discussion of our liquidity and should be disregarded when evaluating our financial condition.
in order to account for the fair value of the intangible assets and contingent payments related to collaborations with our vies under gaap, we use present-value models based on assumptions regarding the probability of achieving the relevant milestones, estimates regarding the timing of achieving the milestones, estimates of future product sales and the appropriate discount rates. we base our estimates of the probability of achieving the relevant milestones on industry data for similar assets and our own experience. the discount rates used in the valuation model represent a measure of credit risk and market risk associated with settling the liabilities. significant judgment is used in determining the appropriateness of these assumptions during each reporting period. changes in these assumptions could have a material effect on the fair value of the contingent payments and affect the analysis of whether or not an intangible asset is impaired.
research and development accruals research and development expenses, including amounts funded through research and development collaborations, are expensed as incurred. when third-party service providers' billing terms do not coincide with our period-end, we are required to make estimates of our obligations to those third parties, including clinical trial and pharmaceutical development costs, contractual services costs, costs for drug supply, marketing expenses and infrastructure expenses incurred in a given accounting period and record accruals at the end of the period. we base our estimates on our knowledge of the research and development programs, services performed for the period, experience with related activities and the expected duration of the third-party service contract, where applicable.
commercial supplies and inventories we began capitalizing the costs of our tezacaftor inventories in the first quarter of 2017. tezacaftor in combination with ivacaftor, or symdeko, is a combination therapy that was approved by the fda in february 2018. we capitalize inventories produced in preparation for initiating sales of a drug candidate when the related drug candidate is considered to have a high likelihood of regulatory approval and the related costs are expected to be recoverable through sale of the inventories. in determining whether or not to capitalize such inventories, we evaluate, among other factors, information regarding the drug candidate's safety and efficacy, the status of regulatory submissions and communications with regulatory authorities and the outlook for commercial sales, including the existence of current or anticipated competitive drugs and the timing and availability of reimbursement. in addition, we evaluate risks associated with manufacturing the drug candidate and the remaining shelf life of the inventories.
after we begin capitalizing inventories, we perform an assessment of the recoverability of capitalized inventory during each reporting period, and write down any excess and obsolete inventories to their net realizable value in the period in which the impairment is first identified. periodic assessments of the recoverability of capitalized costs involve significant estimates and judgments on the part of management, including the outlook for commercial sales, which can be effected by the existence of current or anticipated competitive medicines, including additional medicines that we develop that are alternative treatments to our previously approved medicines and the timing and availability of reimbursement. as of december 31, 2017, all of our inventories are related to cf products. our inventory write offs for 2017 were $15.3 million and we had no write offs in 2016 and 2015. the write offs in 2017 were primarily due to delays in securing reimbursement in certain markets.
income taxes we utilize the asset and liability method of accounting for income taxes. under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement carrying amounts and tax basis of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for years in which the temporary differences are expected to reverse. if our estimate of the tax effect of reversing temporary differences is (i) not reflective of actual outcomes, (ii) modified to reflect new developments or interpretations of the tax law, or (iii) revised to incorporate new accounting principles, or changes in the expected timing or manner of the reversal, our results of operations could be materially impacted. we provide a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets will not be realized. we recognize the benefit of an uncertain tax position that has been taken or we expect to take on income tax returns if such tax position is more likely than not to be sustained.
we maintain a valuation allowance on the majority of our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets. accordingly, we have not reported any tax benefit relating to the remaining net operating loss carryforwards and income tax credit carryforwards that are available for utilization in future periods. our u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards totaled approximately $3.6 billion as of december 31, 2017. on a periodic basis, we reassess the valuation allowance on our deferred income tax assets, weighing positive and negative evidence to assess the recoverability of the deferred tax assets. in 2017, we reassessed the valuation allowance and considered negative evidence, including our cumulative losses over the three years ended december 31, 2017, and positive evidence, including our income during the year ended december 31, 2017 and our projections of future income. after assessing both the negative evidence and the positive evidence, we concluded that we should continue to maintain the valuation allowance on the majority of our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2017 given the significance of the weight of the negative evidence. based on our recent financial performance and our future projections, we could record a reversal of all, or a portion of the valuation allowance associated with u.s. deferred tax assets in future periods.  however, any such change is subject to actual performance and other considerations that may present positive or negative evidence at the time of the assessment. our total deferred tax asset balance subject to the valuation allowance was approximately $1.6 billion at december 31, 2017.
significant judgment is required in making these assessments to maintain or reverse our valuation allowances and, to the extent our future expectations change we would have to assess the recoverability of these deferred tax assets at that time. if we determine that these deferred tax assets are not realizable in a future period, we would record material changes to income tax expense in that period.
on december 22, 2017, h.r.1, known as the tax cuts and jobs act, was signed into law. the new law did not have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2017 because we maintain a valuation allowance on the majority of our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets.  we are in the process of determining the impact that the new law will have on our consolidated financial statements in 2018 and beyond; however, we do not expect it to have a material impact as long as we maintain a valuation allowance on the majority of our net operating losses and other deferred tax assets.
leases in 2011, we entered into two leases for our corporate headquarters. our corporate headquarters were built during the period from 2011 through december 2013. we lease our corporate headquarters pursuant to leases that expire in 2028, subject to our right to extend the leases for an additional 10 years. because we were involved in the construction project, we were deemed for accounting purposes to be the owner of the buildings during the construction period. accordingly, we recorded project construction costs incurred by the landlord as an asset and a related financing obligation in "property and equipment, net" and "construction financing lease obligation," respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
upon completion of the construction of the corporate headquarters buildings, we evaluated the leases and determined that the leases did not meet the criteria for "sale-leaseback" treatment. accordingly, we depreciate the asset and incur interest expense related to the financing obligation recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. we bifurcate our lease payments pursuant to the leases into (i) a portion that is allocated to the buildings and (ii) a portion that is allocated to the land on which the buildings were constructed. we incurred $60.1 million in interest expense, $13.3 million in depreciation expense and $6.5 million in operating expense in 2017 related to these leases. in 2018, we expect interest expense, depreciation expense and operating expenses related to the leases for our corporate headquarters to be approximately consistent with that from 2017.
in 2015, we entered into a lease agreement for a research and development facility under construction in san diego. because we are involved in the construction project, we are deemed for accounting purposes to be the owner of the building during the construction period and are recording project construction costs incurred by the landlord. as of december 31, 2017, we have recorded $94.6 million and $87.4 million in "property and equipment, net" and "construction financing lease obligation", respectively, on our consolidated balance sheet. we will need to evaluate this lease based on "sale-leaseback" criteria upon completion of the construction, which is anticipated to be in the first half of 2018. we currently expect this lease will not meet the criteria and will be accounted for in the same manner as we have accounted for the leases for our corporate headquarters.
stock-based compensation expense stock-based compensation expense is determined based on the fair value of the equity award at the grant date and is adjusted each period to reflect actual forfeitures and the outcomes of certain performance conditions. for awards with performance conditions that accelerate vesting of the award, we estimate the likelihood of satisfaction of the performance conditions, which affects the period over which the expense is recognized, and recognize the expense using the accelerated
attribution model. for awards with performance conditions in which the award does not vest unless the performance condition is met, we recognize expense only if we estimate that achievement of the performance condition is probable. if we conclude that vesting is probable, we recognize expense from the date that we reach this conclusion through the estimated vesting date. starting in 2016, we also granted awards with a variable number of shares issuable pursuant to such awards. half of the psus contain financial goals and the other half contain non-financial goals. a target number of shares is established for each award, however the actual number of shares that will be issued when an award vests may range from zero to 200% of the target amount depending on the level of achievement of the applicable performance metric. we also provide to employees who have rendered a certain number of years of service and meet certain age requirements, partial or full acceleration of vesting of their equity awards, subject to certain conditions including a notification period, upon a termination of employment other than for cause. if our estimates regarding the employees who will be eligible for partial or full acceleration of their equity awards, if the likelihood of achievement of a performance conditions changes or if any of our other assumptions or estimates prove incorrect, our stock-based compensation expense, or the period over which our stock-based compensation is recognized, could be materially affected.
recent accounting pronouncements refer to note a, "nature of business and accounting policies," in the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements and new accounting pronouncements adopted during 2017.