The company's financial condition and operating results depend substantially on its ability to continually improve its products and services to maintain their functional and design advantages. The company's ability to compete successfully depends heavily on its ability to ensure a continuing and timely introduction of innovative new products, services, and technologies to the marketplace. The company believes that focused investments in research and development are critical to its future growth and competitive position in the marketplace, and to the development of new and updated products and services that are central to the company's core business strategy. The company must successfully manage frequent introductions and transitions of products and services to remain competitive and stimulate customer demand. The success of new product and service introductions depends on timely and successful development, market acceptance, and the company's ability to manage the risks associated with new product production ramp-up issues. The company's business and reputation may be impacted by information technology system failures or network disruptions, which can adversely impact the company's business by preventing access to online services, interfering with customer transactions, or impeding the manufacturing and shipping of products. The company is exposed to information technology system failures or network disruptions caused by various events, and system redundancy and other continuity measures may be ineffective or inadequate. The company devotes significant resources to network and data security, including through the use of encryption and other security measures intended to protect its systems and data, but these measures cannot provide absolute security. The company's business requires it to use and store confidential information, including personally identifiable information, and losses or unauthorized access to or releases of confidential information could materially adversely affect the company's reputation, financial condition, and operating results. The company's reliance on third-party software developers is critical, as decisions by customers to purchase its hardware products depend in part on the availability of third-party software applications and services. The company believes the availability of third-party software applications and services for its products depends on developers' perceptions of the relative benefits of developing, maintaining, and upgrading such software for the company's products compared to competitors' platforms. The company also relies on access to third-party digital content, which may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, and the licensing or distribution arrangements with these third parties are for relatively short terms. The company's future performance depends in part on the continued availability and development of compelling and innovative software applications for its products. The company is subject to complex and changing laws and regulations worldwide, which exposes it to potential liabilities, increased costs, and other adverse effects on its business. The company's operations are also subject to the risks of industrial accidents at its suppliers and contract manufacturers, and while the company maintains insurance coverage for certain types of losses, such coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses that may arise.