AEP's operations are subject to risks associated with information technology failure that impairs AEP's information technology infrastructure or disrupts normal business operations. Information technology failure that affects AEP's ability to access customer information or causes loss of confidential or proprietary data materially and adversely affects AEP's reputation or exposes AEP to legal claims. AEP and its regulated utility businesses face physical security and cybersecurity risks as the owner-operators of generation, transmission, and distribution facilities. The operation of these facilities is dependent on information technology systems, and the computer systems that run these facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. A security breach of AEP or its regulated utility businesses' physical assets or information systems could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or subject AEP and its regulated utility businesses to financial harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including sensitive customer, vendor, employee, trading, or other confidential data. A successful cyber attack on the systems that control generation, transmission, distribution, or other assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing service to customers or collection of revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the ability to correctly record, process, and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny, and damage to AEP's reputation. AEP's financial performance may be adversely affected if AEP is unable to successfully operate facilities or perform certain corporate functions, which involves risks including operator error and breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, compliance with mandatory reliability standards, and information technology failure. The ability to recover costs associated with operations is contingent upon regulatory approvals, and changes in technology and regulatory policies may lower the value of electric utility facilities and franchises. AEP's management believes that its experience with transmission facilities construction and operation gives AEP an advantage over other competitors in securing authorization to install, construct, and operate new transmission lines and facilities. However, there can be no assurance that AEP will secure necessary approvals or that technological changes will not impact its competitive position. The reliance on electric transmission facilities that AEP does not own or control exposes AEP to risks, including inadequate transmission capacity, which may limit AEP's ability to deliver wholesale electric power. AEP's business plan for the construction of new projects involves risks, including construction delays and increases in costs, which could impact the overall operational efficiency and financial performance of the company. The ability to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce is critical, as failure to do so could harm results of operations. AEP's operational flexibility and strategic resource allocation are essential in navigating the competitive landscape and ensuring compliance with evolving regulatory requirements.