The company's success depends in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support its business processes in a cost-efficient manner. The company is in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing its business systems; however, these changes tend to challenge the company's complex integrated environment. The company's business depends significantly on its technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and the company's business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. The company expects that it will need to continue making substantial investments in its technology and information systems to compete effectively and to stay current with technological changes. The company faces the potential of competition from existing or new companies that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry, but some of which have greater financial, marketing, and management resources than the company does. The company believes that its market-leading position, powerful brand recognition, and diverse distribution in Japan and the U.S. will provide support toward its objectives. The company anticipates that the shift in earned premium from first sector savings products to third sector cancer and medical products and first sector protection products will continue to result in moderately lower benefit ratios in the Japan segment. The company also expects this shift in business mix, plus continued investment in IT and digital advancements, to result in moderately higher expense ratios for Aflac Japan. The company recognizes that maintaining the company's stature as a trustworthy insurer and responsible corporate citizen is critical to the company's reputation and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect the company's brand value, financial condition, and results of operations. The company's operations may be adversely affected by catastrophic events to the extent they disrupt the company's physical infrastructure, human resources, or systems that support its businesses and customers. The company has made significant investments in the Aflac brand over a long period of time, and the perception of unfavorable business practices or financial weakness could create doubt regarding the company's ability to honor commitments to its policyholders. The company relies on third parties, including subcontractors, to provide information technology and data services, and it also relies on various parties in its distribution channels to provide services to prospective and existing customers. The company has adopted an information security policy directing management to establish and operate a global information security program with the goals of monitoring existing and emerging threats and ensuring that the company's information assets and data, and the data of its customers, are appropriately protected from loss or theft. The company's global information security program includes a cybersecurity incident response plan designed to provide a management framework across company functions for a coordinated assessment and response to potential security incidents. The company has been, and will likely continue to be, the target of unauthorized access, social engineering, phishing, cyber-attacks, and other computer-related penetrations. The company's ability to effectively compete to retain or acquire new business may be impaired, and its business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected if it fails to meet evolving customer demands through innovative product development, effective distribution channels, and continuous investment in technology.