Many risks may affect more than one category and are included where the impact is most significant. The highly competitive industry is impacted by new and changing technologies, and operating model effectiveness in light of changing customer preferences is crucial. Technological advancements and innovation are occurring in distribution, underwriting, claims, and operations at a rapid pace that may continue to accelerate. Innovations must be implemented in compliance with applicable insurance regulations and may require extensive modifications to systems and processes and extensive coordination with and reliance on the systems of third parties. If the company is unable to adapt to or bring such advancements and innovations to market, the quality of products, relationships with customers and agents, competitive position, and business prospects may be materially affected. Changes in technology related to the collection and analysis of data regarding customers could expose the company to regulatory or legal actions and may have a material adverse effect on business, reputation, results of operations, and financial condition. The company depends heavily on computer systems, mathematical algorithms, and data to perform necessary business functions. The failure in cyber or other information security controls could result in a loss or disclosure of confidential information, damage to reputation, additional costs, and impair the ability to conduct business effectively. The company collects, uses, stores, or transmits a large amount of confidential, proprietary, and other information in connection with the operation of its business. The increased use of third-party services can make it more difficult to identify and respond to cyberattacks. The company’s ability to adequately and effectively price products and services is affected by the evolving nature of consumer needs and preferences, market dynamics, and broader use of telematics-based rate segmentation. The transformative growth plan is intended to accelerate profitable growth by expanding customer access, improving customer value, increasing marketing and technology investments, and reducing operating expenses. The company manages risks through an enterprise risk and return management framework on an integrated basis following risk and return principles. The management of the underlying portfolios is significantly influenced by the nature of each respective business and its corresponding liability profile. The company utilizes a dynamic capital allocation framework and focuses on tax efficiency to enhance investment portfolio returns. The investment strategy includes a market-based strategy that seeks to deliver predictable earnings aligned to business needs and a performance-based strategy that seeks to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns. The company’s investment portfolios are held for property-liability, service businesses, allstate life, allstate benefits, allstate annuities, and corporate and other operations. The company’s investment decisions and objectives are informed by the underlying risks and product profiles. The asset-liability management policies define the overall framework for managing market and investment risks and are approved by the subsidiaries' respective boards of directors. The company employs significant judgment in developing fair values of financial assets, which may differ from the amounts actually received to sell an asset in an orderly transaction. The establishment of appropriate reserves requires regular reevaluation and refinement of estimates to determine the ultimate loss estimate. The estimation of claims and claims expense reserves for catastrophe losses also comprises estimates of losses from reported claims and ibnr, primarily for damage to property. The company believes its net claims and claims expense reserves are appropriately established based on available methodologies, facts, technology, laws, regulations, and assessments of other pertinent factors.