We rely on information technology systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, including sensitive data such as confidential business information and personally identifiable data relating to employees, customers, other business partners and patients, and to manage or support a variety of critical business processes and activities. Our information technology systems have been subject to computer viruses, malicious codes, unauthorized access and other cyber-attacks, and we expect the sophistication and frequency of such attacks to continue to increase. Any of the attacks, breaches or other disruptions or damage could interrupt our operations or the operations of our customers and partners, delay production and shipments, result in theft of intellectual property and trade secrets, damage customer and business partner relationships and our reputation or result in defective products or services, legal claims and proceedings, liability and penalties under privacy laws and increased costs for security and remediation. Our growth strategy includes strategic acquisitions, and our ability to successfully effectuate acquisitions will be dependent upon a number of factors, including successfully integrating acquired businesses, including integrating the management, technological and operational processes, procedures and controls of the acquired businesses with those of our existing operations. We believe that our future success depends, in part, on our ability to develop, on a timely basis, technologically advanced products that meet or exceed appropriate industry standards. Maintaining our existing technological advantages will require us to continue investing in research and development and sales and marketing. Our technology is important to our success, and our failure to protect this technology could put us at a competitive disadvantage. The process of integrating acquired businesses into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require additional financial resources and attention from management that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of our existing operations. Our business and financial performance could be adversely impacted by a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems. We cannot assure you that our internal controls and compliance systems will always protect us from acts committed by employees, agents or business partners that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws. We are subject to numerous governmental regulations, which may be burdensome or lead to significant costs, including compliance with various import, export, export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers, business partners and other persons. Our success is partly dependent upon properly executing and realizing cost savings or other benefits from our ongoing production and procurement initiatives. These initiatives are primarily designed to make the company more efficient, which is necessary in the company's highly competitive industries. Our ability to meet the financial covenants or requirements in our debt facilities may be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not be able to satisfy such covenants and requirements. The company's strategic initiatives under Ametek's four key strategies: operational excellence, strategic acquisitions, global & market expansion and new products, have helped to mitigate the potential adverse impact of any unfavorable developments in any one industry or the economy of any single country on its consolidated operating results. Our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the U.S., and actions to enforce our rights may result in substantial costs and diversion of resources.