Our business, and that of our tenants, is subject to laws, regulations and administrative and judicial decisions, and changes thereto, that could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do or impact our competitive landscape. We rely on information technology and other computing resources as part of our normal business activities and in our innovation or managed networks businesses. Our computer systems, network operation centers or power systems, or those of our cloud or internet-based providers, could fail on their own accord and are subject to interruption or damage from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, usage errors, catastrophic events such as natural disasters and other events beyond our control. Although we and our vendors have disaster recovery programs and security measures in place, if our computer systems and our backup systems are compromised, degraded, damaged, breached or otherwise cease to function properly, we could suffer interruptions in our operations, including our ability to correctly record, process and report financial information, our tenants' network availability may be impacted or we could unintentionally allow misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, which could result in a loss of revenue, damage our reputation, litigation, penalties under existing or future data privacy laws and require us to incur significant costs to remediate or otherwise resolve these issues. Our ongoing contractual revenues and our future results may be negatively impacted if a significant number of these leases are terminated or not renewed. The development and implementation of new technologies designed to enhance the efficiency of wireless networks or changes in a tenant's business model could reduce the need for tower-based wireless services, decrease demand for tower space or reduce previously obtainable lease rates. Our failure to innovate in response to the development and implementation of these or other new technologies or changes in a tenant's business model could have a material adverse effect on the growth of our business, results of operations or financial condition. We may invest significant capital in technologies, innovation projects or new additions to our core business that may not provide expected returns or profitability, which could divert management attention and have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We expect that a number of key industry trends will result in incremental revenue opportunities for us, including the deployment of advanced mobile technology, such as 4G and 5G, across existing wireless networks, which will provide higher speed data services and further enable fixed broadband substitution. Wireless service providers continue to acquire additional spectrum, and as a result are expected to add additional sites and equipment to their networks as they seek to optimize their network configuration and utilize additional spectrum. We believe that consistent carrier network investments across our international markets will, over the long term, position us to generate meaningful organic revenue growth going forward. Our ability to lease additional space on our sites is primarily a function of the rate at which wireless carriers and other tenants deploy capital to improve and expand their wireless networks. This rate, in turn, is influenced by the growth of wireless services, the penetration of advanced wireless devices, the level of emphasis on network quality and capacity in carrier competition, the financial performance of our tenants and their access to capital and general economic conditions. We also face risks associated with changes in foreign currency exchange rates, including those arising from our operations, investments and financing transactions related to our international business. The emergence of alternative technologies could reduce the need for tower-based broadcast services transmission and reception.