The company is dependent on the communications industry, including information technology and data communications, wireless communications and broadband communications. Approximately 44% of the company's 2019 net sales came from sales to the communications industry, including information technology and data communication, wireless communications and broadband communications, with 13% of the company's 2019 net sales coming from sales to the mobile devices market. Demand for these products is subject to rapid technological change. The company's operations and performance depend significantly on global, regional and U.S. economic and geopolitical conditions. The company believes that its global presence is an important competitive advantage as it allows the company to provide quality products on a timely and worldwide basis to its multinational customers. The company competes primarily on the basis of technology innovation, product quality and performance, price, customer service and delivery time. There has been a trend on the part of customers to consolidate their lists of qualified suppliers to companies that have the ability to meet certain technical, quality, delivery and other standards while maintaining competitive prices. The company's strategy is to provide its customers with comprehensive design capabilities, a broad selection of products and a high level of service on a worldwide basis while maintaining continuing programs of productivity improvement and cost control. The company focuses its research and development efforts through close collaboration with its customers to develop highly-engineered products that meet customer needs and have the potential for broad market applications and significant sales within a one- to three-year period. The company has established policies and procedures designed to assist in complying with applicable U.S. and international laws and regulations. Cybersecurity incidents on the company's information technology systems could disrupt business operations, resulting in adverse impacts to the company's reputation and operating results and potentially leading to litigation and/or governmental investigations. Cybersecurity threats continue to expand and evolve globally, making it difficult to detect and prevent such threats from impacting the company. The company has been a target of various cybersecurity attacks, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, but the impact of such attacks has not been material. Cybersecurity threats to the company could lead to unauthorized access to the company's information technology systems, products, customers, suppliers and third-party service providers. The regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with frequent imposition of new and changing requirements. The potential for fines and other related costs in the event of a breach of or non-compliance with existing or proposed information security or privacy laws and requirements may have an adverse effect on the company's financial results. The company is also focused on controlling costs. The company does this by investing in modern manufacturing technologies, controlling purchasing processes and expanding into lower-cost areas. The company has significant flexibility to meet its financial commitments and uses debt financing to lower the overall cost of capital and increase return on stockholders' equity. The company utilizes certain non-GAAP financial measures as part of its internal reviews for purposes of monitoring, evaluating and forecasting the company's financial performance, communicating operating results to the company's board of directors and assessing related employee compensation measures. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures may be helpful to investors in assessing the company's overall financial performance, trends and year-over-year comparative results.