We are devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our cloud-based productivity and communication software-as-a-service ("SaaS") solutions, which we intend to broadly deploy to a large number of customers. Customer requirements for these products are complex and varied. If we are unable to develop scalable solutions that can consistently be configured for customers with minimal effort, or if we are unable to build out a professional services team that can consistently configure our products to meet the requirements of large numbers of customers in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to broadly scale our cloud-based productivity and communication SaaS solutions could be negatively impacted, and our deployment costs could negatively impact our operating results. Our focus on our SaaS platform also presents complex development issues. Significant delays in new product or service releases or significant problems in creating new products or services could adversely affect our business, financial results, and competitive position. We face risks associated with rapid technological change and new competing products. The technology associated with law enforcement devices is receiving significant attention and is rapidly evolving. While we have some patent protection in certain key areas of our CED, Axon device, and SaaS technology, it is possible that new technology may result in competing products that operate outside our patents and could present significant competition for our products, which could adversely affect our business, financial results, and competitive position. Our reliance on third-party suppliers creates risks related to our potential inability to obtain an adequate supply of components or sub-assemblies and reduced control over pricing and timing of delivery of components and sub-assemblies. Our distribution strategy is to pursue sales through multiple channels with an emphasis on independent distributors and direct sales. Our inability to establish relationships with and retain law enforcement equipment distributors, who we believe can successfully sell our products, would adversely affect our sales. Our customers may have strong working relationships with distributors and we may face resistance to this change. If we do not overcome this resistance and effectively build a direct relationship with our customers, sales may be adversely affected. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, including privacy, data protection, and personal information, rights of publicity, content, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, consumer protection, telecommunications, product liability, taxation, labor and employment, economic or other trade prohibitions or sanctions, securities law compliance, and online payment services. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. We continue to invest in the growth of the software and sensors segment, and this expected growth may result in a higher percentage of total revenues being comprised of software and sensors products and services. Our SaaS service revenue is generally recognized ratably over the terms of the contracts, which generally range from one to five years. Consequently, current positive or negative trends in this portion of our business may not be fully reflected in our revenue results for several periods. Our focus on our SaaS platform also presents complex development issues. We expect R&D expense to continue to increase in absolute dollars as we focus on growing the software and sensors segment as we add headcount and additional resources to develop new products and services to further advance our scalable cloud-connected device platform. We believe that these investments will result in an increase in our subscription revenue base, which over time will result in revenue increasing faster than the increase in SG&A expenses and R&D costs, as we reach economies of scale.