Difficult conditions in the business and economic environment, as well as political conditions, may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our results of operations are materially affected by economic, market, political, and social conditions in the United States and abroad. We are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for payment and financing products. Our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters, and other conditions. Geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, and health pandemics can have a material adverse effect on our business. Our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers, may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, internet outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyberattacks, and vulnerabilities in hardware or software. Service disruptions or degradations could prevent access to our online services and account information, impede transaction processing and financial reporting, and lead to regulatory investigations and fines. We rely on third-party providers for acquiring and servicing customers, technology, platforms, and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. If a service provider or other third party ceases to provide the data quality or communications capacity we expect, the failure could interrupt or compromise the quality of our services to customers or impact our ability to grow our business. We have implemented an information security program and operating model designed to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification, or destruction. Our information security program is based on the National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity common standards framework, which consists of controls designed to identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover from information and cyber security incidents. We develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing information and cyber security incidents and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance, and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change. Our ability to develop, acquire, or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties may assert. We may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures, and investment activity. Our success is dependent on maintaining a culture of integrity and respect as well as upon our executive officers and other key personnel, and misconduct by or loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business. We face intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Our business is subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to comprehensive government regulation and supervision in jurisdictions around the world, which significantly affects our business and requires continual enhancement of our compliance efforts. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. We have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor, and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, operational risk, compliance risk, and reputational risk.