We rely heavily on our information technology systems for our key business processes. Our systems and the third-party systems we rely on are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, malicious cyber-attacks, catastrophic events, and design or usage errors by our autozoners, contractors, or third-party service providers. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process transactions, which could result in lost sales, inability to process purchase orders, and/or a potential loss of customer loyalty. We have invested in information-technology risk management and disaster recovery plans. Although these plans are in place, we must provide ongoing monitoring and consistently revise our plans as technologies change rapidly and our efforts to overcome security risks continue to become increasingly more complex and concentrated. We consider information security to be a top priority and undertake cyber-security planning and activities throughout the company. Senior management and the board of directors are actively engaged in cyber-security risk management. We believe that our preventative actions provide adequate measures of protection against security breaches and generally reduce our cyber-security risks. However, our business or our third-party providers, with which we share sensitive information, may not discover a security breach or loss of information for a significant period after the security breach occurs. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We have made significant investments in our supply chain to improve our ability to provide the best parts at the right price and to meet consumer product needs. Our continued growth and success will depend in part on our ability to open and operate new locations and expand and remodel existing locations to meet customers' needs on a timely and profitable basis. We have also invested significantly in technology to enhance our operational efficiency and improve customer service. Our business strategy is based on offering superior levels of customer service to complement the products we offer, which also puts pressure on our margins. We believe that we compete effectively on the basis of merchandise availability as a result of investments in inventory available for immediate sale, the development of a robust hub and mega hub distribution network providing efficient access to obtain products required on-demand, options to order products online or by telephone and pick them up in stores, and options for special orders directly from our vendors. Our ability to grow depends in part on new location openings, existing location remodels, and effective utilization of our existing supply chain and hub network. We must regularly assess and adjust our efforts to address changes in the competitive marketplace. The increasing use of technology also poses a risk as customers are able to quickly compare products and prices and use social media to provide feedback in a manner that is rapidly and broadly dispersed. We believe that our continued strong sales growth is driven in significant part by our brand name. The value in our brand name and its continued effectiveness in driving our sales growth are dependent to a significant degree on our ability to maintain our reputation for safety, high product quality, friendliness, service, trustworthy advice, integrity, and business ethics.