We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. Our strategy is centered on successful execution in healthy core businesses, supplemented and supported by Boeing Capital. We continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements, and optimizing how we manage inventory. The commercial aircraft market is predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic, and demand for our commercial aircraft is further influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, technological advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, terrorism, epidemics, and environmental regulations. The introduction of new aircraft programs involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing, production, and certification schedules. Our ability to deliver aircraft on time, satisfy regulatory and customer requirements, and achieve or maintain program profitability is subject to significant risks. We must minimize disruption caused by production changes and achieve productivity improvements in order to meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S. and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-skilled labor from thousands of employees and other partners, and stringent regulatory requirements and performance and reliability standards. We are also focused on taking actions to ensure that Boeing is not harmed by unfair subsidization of competitors. We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines, and fleet decisions, airline consolidations, or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could significantly reduce our revenues and limit our opportunity to generate profits from those customers. The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and one or more of our competitors may have more extensive or more specialized engineering, manufacturing, and marketing capabilities than we do in some areas. We are facing increased international competition and cross-border consolidation of competition. Our commercial airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards. We have made significant estimates with respect to the 737 program regarding the number of units to be produced, the period during which those units are likely to be produced, and the units' expected sales prices, production costs, program tooling and other non-recurring costs, and routine warranty costs. We have also experienced claims and assertions from customers in connection with the grounding, and we recorded an earnings charge in connection with an estimate of potential concessions and other considerations to customers for disruptions related to the grounding and associated delivery delays. Our business may be impacted by disruptions including threats to physical security, information technology or cyber-attacks or failures, damaging weather or other acts of nature, and pandemics or other public health crises. We maintain an extensive network of technical security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, monitoring systems, and management oversight in order to address these threats. We face certain security threats, including threats to the confidentiality, availability, and integrity of our data and systems. Unauthorized access to our or our customers' information and systems could negatively impact our business.