We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations, including sensitive personal information and proprietary or confidential information. Our information technology systems have been subjected to attack via malicious code execution, and cyber- or phishing-attacks, and we have experienced instances of unauthorized access to our systems in the past and expect to be subject to similar attacks in the future. Cyber-attacks could result in our intellectual property and other confidential information being accessed or stolen, which could adversely affect our competitive position in the market. Likewise, we could suffer disruption of our operations and other significant negative consequences, including increased costs for security measures or remediation, diversion of management attention, litigation, and damage to our relationships with vendors, business partners, and customers. Unauthorized tampering, adulteration, or interference with our products may also create issues with product functionality that could result in a loss of data, risk to patient safety, and product recalls or field actions. Cyber-attacks could result in unauthorized access to our systems and products which could also impact our compliance with privacy and other laws and regulations, and result in actions by regulatory bodies or civil litigation. While we will continue to dedicate significant resources to protect against unauthorized access to our systems and products, and work with government authorities and third-party providers to detect and reduce the risk of future cyber incidents, cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated, frequent, and adaptive. We have previously experienced delays in collecting government receivables in certain countries due to economic conditions, and we may experience similar delays in the future in these and other countries or regions experiencing financial problems. The medical technology industry is very competitive, and our ability to compete is also impacted by changing customer preferences and requirements, such as increased demand for more environmentally-friendly products and for products incorporating digital capabilities. Our ability to remain competitive will depend on how well we meet these changing market demands in terms of our product offerings and marketing approaches. The development of new or improved products, processes, or technologies by other companies that provide better features, pricing, clinical outcomes, or economic value may render our products or proposed products obsolete or less competitive. In addition, health care systems and other providers are consolidating, resulting in greater purchasing power for these companies. As a result, competition among medical device suppliers to provide goods and services has increased. We face competition across all our product lines and in each market in which our products are sold on the basis of product features, clinical or economic outcomes, product quality, availability, price, services, and other factors. Our future growth is dependent in part upon the development of new products, and there can be no assurance that such products will be developed. A significant element of our strategy is to increase revenue growth by focusing on innovation and new product development. New product development requires significant investment in research and development, clinical trials, and regulatory approvals. The results of our product development efforts may be affected by a number of factors, including our ability to anticipate customer needs, innovate and develop new products and technologies, successfully complete clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals and reimbursement in the United States and abroad, manufacture products in a cost-effective manner, obtain appropriate intellectual property protection for our products, and gain and maintain market acceptance of our products.