We believe that our future success depends in large part on our ability to continue to profitably grow our brands worldwide, and, over time, to offer other travel and travel-related services. Our strategy involves continued expansion throughout the world, and we are increasing the collaboration, cooperation, and interdependency among our brands in our efforts to provide consumers with the best and most comprehensive services. We also seek to maximize the benefits of our scale by sharing resources and technological innovations, co-developing new services, and coordinating activities in key markets among our brands. Our growth has primarily been generated by the worldwide accommodation reservation business of booking.com, which is our most significant brand, and has been due, in part, to the availability of a large number of properties through booking.com. We are constantly innovating to grow our business by providing a best-in-class user experience with intuitive, easy-to-use online platforms to ensure that we are meeting the needs of online consumers while aiming to exceed their expectations. Our strategy to provide more payment options to consumers and travel service providers includes processing transactions on a merchant basis, which allows us to process transactions for travel service providers and to increase our ability to offer secure and flexible transaction terms to consumers. We have invested considerable money and resources in the establishment and maintenance of our brands, and we will continue to invest resources in brand marketing and other brand-building efforts to preserve and enhance consumer awareness of our brands. We rely on performance marketing channels to generate a significant amount of traffic to our websites, and our performance marketing expense growth rate has been impacted by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and slowing growth in performance marketing channels. Our information technology expenses consist primarily of software license and system maintenance fees, outsourced data center and cloud computing costs, and payments to contractors. The implementation of new information technology, payment, enterprise resource planning, or other systems could be disruptive and/or costly, or we may experience difficulty successfully integrating new systems into existing systems or migrating to new systems from existing systems, any of which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have experienced significant increases in our cancellation rates, which negatively affected our marketing efficiency and results of operations. We believe that many factors influence cancellation rates, and it is uncertain whether future cancellation rates will continue to decrease, stabilize, or return to their prior trend of generally increasing over time. We face exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates as the financial results of our international businesses are translated from local currency into U.S. dollars. Significant fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can affect consumer travel behavior. Our international businesses include our Netherlands-based OTC brand booking.com, our Asia-based OTC brand agoda, and, to a lesser extent, kayak's international meta-search services and opentable's international restaurant reservation business. We may not be able to keep up with rapid technological or other market changes, and the markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, consolidation, frequent new service announcements, introductions and enhancements, and changing consumer demands and preferences. Our ability to achieve our long-term strategy to build the connected trip depends on successfully integrating and developing new and evolving technologies, which is likely to require increased financial and personnel investments that could have an adverse impact on our results of operations until we achieve the expected return on these investments.