BlackRock's investment management revenue is primarily comprised of fees based on a percentage of the value of assets under management (AUM) and, in some cases, performance fees which are normally expressed as a percentage of returns to the client. The sophisticated risk analytics, portfolio management, trade execution, and investment operations that BlackRock provides via its technology platform to support investment advisory and Aladdin clients are important elements of BlackRock's competitive success. The company leverages its world-class risk management, analytics, and technology capabilities, including the Aladdin platform, on behalf of clients. BlackRock's highly diversified multi-product platform was created to meet client needs in all market environments. The introduction of new technologies, as well as regulatory changes, have altered the competitive landscape for investment managers, which may lead to additional fee compression or require BlackRock to spend more to modify or adapt its product offerings to attract and retain customers and remain competitive with products and services offered by other financial institutions, technology companies, trading, advisory, or asset management firms. BlackRock continues to invest in technology services offerings, which enhance the ability to manage portfolios and risk, effectively serve clients, and operate efficiently. The company completed the acquisition of eFront, a leading end-to-end alternative investment management software and solutions provider, which expands Aladdin's illiquid alternative capabilities and enables BlackRock to provide individual alternative or whole-portfolio technology solutions to clients. Continuing enhancements to Aladdin's capabilities, as well as the expansion of the Aladdin platform into new markets and geographies, have led to significant growth in Aladdin's processing scale, which may expose BlackRock to reputational harm, increased regulatory scrutiny, and heightened operational, data management, cyber-, and information-security risks. BlackRock's infrastructure, including its technological capacity, data centers, and office space, is vital to the competitiveness of its business. A failure in, or disruption to, BlackRock's operational systems or infrastructure, including business continuity plans, could adversely affect operations, damage the company's reputation, and cause BlackRock's AUM, revenue, and earnings to decline. The company is dependent on the effectiveness of the information and cybersecurity policies, procedures, and capabilities it maintains to protect its computer and telecommunications systems and the data that resides on or is transmitted through them. BlackRock's growing exposure to the public internet, as well as reliance on mobile or cloud technology or any failure by mobile technology and cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks, could disrupt BlackRock's operations and result in misappropriation, corruption, or loss of personal, confidential, or proprietary information. The company collaborates with clients, vendors, and other third parties to develop secure transmission capabilities and protect against cyber-attacks. BlackRock's decision to provide support to particular products from time to time, or the inability to provide support, may cause AUM, revenue, and earnings to decline. The company must maintain effective infrastructure, including a robust and secure technological framework, in order to maximize the benefit of the Aladdin platform. Any failure by third parties to maintain infrastructure that is commensurate with Aladdin's size and growth, or provide the data or information required to support its varying capabilities, could compromise Aladdin's resilience, result in operational difficulties, cause reputational harm, and adversely impact BlackRock's ability to provide services to its investment advisory and Aladdin clients.