Our products and services are designed to give our customers a competitive edge in their development of electronic devices and systems, SOCs, ICs, and increasingly sophisticated manufactured products. We enable our customers to develop complex and innovative electronic products, so demand for our technology is driven by our customers' investment in new designs and products. Our strategy, which we call intelligent system design, is to provide the technologies necessary for our electronic system and semiconductor customers to develop electronic products across a variety of vertical markets including mobile, consumer, automotive, aerospace and defense, industrial, and medical segments. The industries we serve are experiencing changes in the design and manufacturing of ICs, including migration to advanced-process nodes and three-dimensional transistors, which present major challenges to the semiconductor industry. Our intelligent system design strategy requires the development or acquisition of products and expertise in new areas of technology. Our strategy is meant to increase our business among electronic systems companies, which are now designing their own ICs and other electronic subsystems. Our future revenue growth and expansion of our business is dependent on our successful integration of our acquisitions and our ability to address the needs of new categories of electronic systems, including hyperscale computing and infrastructure, edge computing, machine learning, 5G networks, augmented reality, virtual reality, IoT, aerospace and defense, and autonomous vehicle subsystems. We must develop, acquire or license new products and improve our existing products and processes on a schedule that keeps pace with technological developments and the requirements for products addressing a broad spectrum of designers and designer expertise in our industries. Our failure to respond quickly to technological developments or customers' increasing technological requirements could make our products uncompetitive and obsolete. We must provide frequent and relevant updates to our software products in order to provide substantial benefit to the customer throughout the license periods because of the rapid changes in our customers' industries. The ability to design SOCs increases the complexity of managing a design that, at the lowest level, is represented by billions of shapes on fabrication masks. Increased technological capability of the FPGA creates an alternative to IC implementation for some electronics companies, which could reduce demand for our IC implementation products and services. The adoption of cloud computing technologies with accompanying new business models for an increasing number of software categories is also a significant trend. Our intelligent system design strategy requires us to address the needs of our customers in a rapidly evolving technological landscape, and we must continue to invest a significant amount of time and resources in our research and development efforts and technical sales support to maintain and improve our competitive position. Our operating results are affected by the mix of products and services sold in a given period and the timing of revenue recognition, particularly for our emulation and prototyping hardware and IP products. Our future business and financial results, including demand for our products and services, are subject to considerable uncertainty that could impact our stock price. The highly competitive markets in which we do business can put pressure on us to reduce the prices of our software, emulation and prototyping hardware, and IP. If we are unable to respond quickly and successfully to these trends, we may lose our competitive position, and our products or technologies may become obsolete.