We operate in a very competitive business environment, which affects our ability to attract and retain customers and can adversely affect our business, operations, and financial results. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to new technologies and changes in consumer expectations and behavior could significantly adversely affect our competitive position. Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt, upgrade, and exploit new and existing technologies to address consumers' changing demands and distinguish our services from those of our competitors. The ability of some of our competitors to introduce new technologies, products, and services more quickly than we do may adversely affect our competitive position. Furthermore, advances in technology, decreases in the cost of existing technologies, or changes in competitors' product and service offerings may require us in the future to make additional research and development expenditures or to offer certain products and services at no additional charge or at a lower price. We depend on interconnection and related services provided by certain third parties for the growth of our commercial business. Our ability to implement changes as the services grow may be limited. If we are unable to meet service level requirements or expectations, our commercial business could be adversely affected. We expect advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace and the regulatory and legislative environment. Consequently, we are unable to predict the effect that ongoing or future developments in these areas might have on our commercial businesses and operations. Our network and information systems are critical to our operating activities, both for our internal uses and for supplying services to our customers. Network or information system shutdowns or other service disruptions caused by events such as computer hacking, phishing, and cyber attacks pose increasing risks. The development and maintenance of systems seeking to prevent security breaches is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating. Our network and information systems are also vulnerable to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, accidents, and natural disasters. Any significant service disruption could result in damage to our reputation and credibility, customer dissatisfaction, and ultimately a loss of customers or revenue. We process, store, and transmit large amounts of data, including the personal information of our customers. Ongoing increases in the potential for misuse of personal information and the public's awareness of the importance of safeguarding personal information have resulted in increases to our information-related risks. We could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation and have a negative impact on our revenue. We rely on patent, copyright, trademark, and trade secret laws and licenses to establish and maintain our intellectual property rights in technology and the products and services used in our operations. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot continue to license or enforce the intellectual property rights on which our business depends. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations that could adversely affect our business, including those covering customer privacy and data security. Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our business. Our ability to respond to technological developments and meet customer demand for new products and services could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.