As a large global health service company operating in a complex industry, we encounter a variety of risks and uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, financial condition, or the trading price of our securities. Future performance of our business will depend in large part on our ability to effectively implement and execute our strategic and operational initiatives, which includes our ability to integrate our operations, ensure consistency throughout the organization, and promote a global mindset along with a focus on individual customers and clients. The health service industry continues to be dynamic and rapidly evolving, and our failure to adapt to changes in the industry could negatively impact our competitive position and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to compete effectively in our markets, set prices appropriately in highly competitive markets, and differentiate our business offerings by innovating and delivering products and services that provide enhanced value to our customers. We must continue to invest in long-term solutions that will enable us to anticipate customer needs and expectations, enhance the customer experience, act as a differentiator in the market, and protect against cybersecurity risks and threats. Our information technology strategy and execution are critical to our continued success, and we must maintain the effectiveness of existing technology systems while continuing to deliver and enhance technology systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient manner. Our business is highly dependent on maintaining effective information systems as well as the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our customers and health care providers. If our data were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other error, or if we or any of the third-party service providers we engage were to fail to maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience operational disruptions that may impact our clients, customers, and health care providers. We face significant challenges in managing our information technology infrastructure, particularly in light of increasing regulatory and legislative changes that place additional demands on our systems. Our ability to effectively invest in, implement improvements to, and properly maintain the uninterrupted operation and data integrity of our information technology and other business systems is essential to our operational efficiency and overall business performance. Cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving, and our exposure to unintended disclosures, data security, and related cybersecurity risks increases as we increase the amount of personal information that we store and share digitally. Our business depends on our ability to perform necessary business functions efficiently and uninterrupted, and any failure or disruption of our performance of key business functions, including through unavailability or cyberattack of our information technology systems, could cause slower response times, decreased levels of service satisfaction, and harm to our reputation. We must also develop new systems to meet current market standards and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory standards, and customer needs. Failure to do so may present compliance challenges and impede our ability to deliver services in a competitive manner.