Our technology, our people and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to cyber security threats, which could result in wrongful use of our information or our customers' information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in substantial liabilities. We regard the secure storage and transmission of confidential information and the ability to continuously transact and clear on our electronic trading platforms as critical elements of our operations. The success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces, for a wide range of products, that have the required functionality, performance, capacity, security and speed to attract and retain customers. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. Our business is highly dependent on our ability to process, execute and monitor, in an efficient and uninterrupted manner, a large number of transactions which occur at high volumes and frequencies across multiple systems and our ability to access key business data, financial information, order processing and invoicing. We are heavily reliant on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology and communications and other business systems and software supporting our operations. Our systems, or those of our third-party providers, including cloud providers, may fail or be shut down or, due to capacity constraints, may operate slowly, causing unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers, slower response times and delays in our customers' trade execution and processing, failed settlement of trades, incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades, financial losses, security breaches, litigation or other customer claims, loss of customers, or regulatory sanctions. We cannot assure that we will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of god, war or terrorism, human error on our part or on the part of our vendors, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, cyber attacks, acts of vandalism or similar occurrences. Our strategic business plan is to operate an efficient and transparent vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business for our futures and options business. We face intense competition from other companies. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business, financial condition and operating results will be materially harmed. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and we expect competition to continue to intensify. We encounter competition in all aspects of our business, including from entities having substantially greater capital and resources, offering a wide range of products and services and in some cases operating under a different and possibly less stringent regulatory regime. Our clearing house seeks to offer customers, intermediaries and clearing firms universal access in order to maximize the efficient use of capital, exercise appropriate oversight of value at risk and maintain operating leverage from clearing activities on our exchanges. Our success also depends on our ability to offer competitive prices and services in an increasingly price-sensitive business. We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platforms and other technology offerings to remain competitive. We cannot guarantee that we will not experience any client attrition and to the extent any such client attrition is significant, it could have an impact on our revenues. We depend on a number of suppliers, such as banking, clearing and settlement organizations, telephone companies, on-line service providers, data processors, cloud hosting providers, data center providers, and software and hardware vendors, for elements of our trading, clearing and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses could be adversely affected.