Information technology system failures or interruptions could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and/or result in the loss of guests or employees. We rely heavily on information technology systems, including the point-of-sale and payment processing system in our restaurants, technologies supporting our digital and delivery businesses, technologies that facilitate e-commerce, marketing programs, employee engagement and payroll processing, management of our supply chain, and various other processes and transactions. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the procurement, production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the availability, reliability, security and capacity of these systems. Despite the implementation of protective measures, these technology systems and solutions could become vulnerable to damage, disability or failures due to theft, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. We also are in the process of implementing a new enterprise resource planning (ERP) system, which will significantly impact our financial reporting control environment. If we fail to successfully implement the new system and effectively train our employees and update our processes, we could experience disruptions or delays in processing financial and business information. Our increasing reliance on systems operated by third parties, including delivery aggregators and payment processors, also present the risks faced by the third-party's business, including the operational, security and credit risks of those parties. If those systems were to become unreliable, unavailable, compromised or otherwise fail, and we were unable to recover in a timely manner, we could experience an interruption in our operations that could have a material adverse impact on our profitability. Cyber security breaches or other privacy or data security incidents that expose confidential guest, personal employee and other material, confidential information may adversely affect our business. A cyber incident that compromises the information of our guests or employees could result in widespread negative publicity, damage to our reputation, a loss of guests, disruption of our business and legal liabilities. We continuously monitor and develop our information technology networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of unauthorized access, misuse, malware and other events that could have a security impact; however, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We segment our card data environment and employ a cyber security protection program that is based on proven industry frameworks. This program includes but is not limited to cyber security techniques, tactics and procedures, including the deployment of a robust set of security controls, continuous monitoring and detection programs, network protections, vendor selection criteria, secure software development programs and ongoing employee training, awareness and incident response preparedness. However, there are no assurances that such programs will prevent or detect cyber security breaches. Our digital business, which has become an increasingly significant part of our business, is subject to risks. In 2019, 18% of our revenue was derived from digital orders, which includes delivery and customer pickup. We have implemented technology, targeted advertising and promotions and remodeled our restaurants, including adding chipotlanes, to accommodate the growth of our digital business. If we do not continue to grow our digital business, it may be difficult for us to achieve our planned sales growth. We rely on third-party delivery services to fulfill delivery orders, and the ordering and payment platforms used by these third-parties, or our mobile app or online ordering system, could be interrupted by technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks or other factors, which could adversely impact sales through these channels and negatively impact our reputation. The third-party restaurant delivery business is intensely competitive, with a number of players competing for market share, online traffic capital, and delivery drivers. If the third-party delivery services that we utilize cease or curtail operations, increase their fees, or give greater priority or promotions on their platforms to our competitors, our delivery business and our sales may be negatively impacted.