Our information technology systems and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology systems and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. We also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these systems and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. As we implement new systems, they may not perform as expected. We face the challenge of supporting our older systems and implementing necessary upgrades. In addition, some of these systems are managed by third party service providers and are not under our direct control. If we experience a problem with an important information technology system, including during system upgrades and/or new system implementations, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. The data handled by our information technology systems is vulnerable to security threats. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. While we continually work to safeguard our systems and mitigate potential risks, there is no assurance that these actions will be sufficient to prevent information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, computer viruses and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. These threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. In addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex systems that control various processes and these systems are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. The impact of a significant information technology event on either of our information technology systems or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand. Accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity have been, and will continue to be, important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets. Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory levels, production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reduced sales of our products and can result in price reductions in certain products and/or markets. Our manufacturing and supply chain abilities may be adversely impacted by an extended shutdown of our operations in China due to the recent coronavirus outbreak. We are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, hydrogen generation and fuel cells, for planned introduction into certain existing and new markets. The development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services. The increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains.