Our ability to develop, operate, and adapt our technology and organizational infrastructure in a rapidly changing environment is critical to retaining and attracting customers. Digital technology, data, and software development are deeply embedded into our business model and how we work. We are heavily dependent on the security, capability, and continuous availability of the technology systems that we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, monitor risk and compliance with regulatory requirements, provide services to our customers, develop and offer new products, and communicate with stakeholders. The extensive use of models and data is integral to our operations, including determining the pricing of various products, grading loans, and extending credit. Our risk reporting and management depend on the effectiveness of our models and our policies, programs, processes, and practices governing how data is acquired, validated, stored, protected, processed, and analyzed. Our operational, technological, and organizational infrastructure must be maintained to support our business, including the security of that infrastructure, as any failure could materially adversely affect our business and reputation. We have migrated substantially all of our core information technology systems and customer-facing applications to third-party cloud infrastructure platforms. If we do not complete the transition or fail to administer these new environments effectively, we may experience unplanned service disruption or unforeseen costs, which could result in material harm to our business and results of operations. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions, and establish scalable operations. We must successfully develop and maintain information, financial reporting, disclosure, data-protection, and other controls adapted to our reliance on outside platforms and providers. The cybersecurity incident has highlighted the importance of maintaining robust security measures and the risks associated with our reliance on third-party service providers. We continue to assess the impact of the cybersecurity incident and the potential for future unauthorized access or cyber incidents. Our success depends on our ability to maintain compliance with existing and new laws and regulations, which may affect our operations and require significant investment in technology and compliance-related systems. The legislative and regulatory environment is beyond our control and may change rapidly, influencing our revenue, costs, earnings, growth, liquidity, and capital levels. We face intense competition in all of our markets, which is primarily driven by changes in technology and product delivery systems. Our ability to keep pace with innovation and effectively market our products and services is critical to our business performance. We also rely on our partners to effectively promote our co-brand and private label products and integrate the use of our credit cards into their retail operations. The loss of any key business partners could negatively impact our results of operations. Our operational risk management program establishes practices for assessing the operational risk profile and executing key control processes for operational risks, including technology risk and data management. We recognize that managing operational risk is essential for delivering high-quality customer experiences and achieving business objectives.