Information technology (IT) capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. We focus on information management capability—that is, the ability to provide data and information to users with the appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access and the ability to tailor these in response to changing business needs and directions. At its core, the notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. IT capability, broadly defined as the IT function’s competence to effectively support business needs, has become a key in transforming a firm into a competitive force. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Our business strategy anticipates prices will remain volatile and is designed to be resilient in lower price environments, while retaining upside during periods of higher prices. Portfolio diversification and optimization, a strong balance sheet, and disciplined capital investment have positioned our company to navigate through volatile energy cycles. We believe our commitment to our value proposition positions us for success in an environment of price uncertainty and ongoing volatility. We achieved production growth of five percent on a total BOE basis compared with the prior year, with higher value oil volumes growing eight percent. Cash provided by operating activities exceeded capital expenditures and investments. Our commitment to disciplined execution of funding requirements includes cash investment strategies that position us for success in an environment of short-term price volatility as well as extended downturns in commodity prices. We leverage our knowledge and technology to create value and safely deliver on our plans. Technical strength is part of our heritage and allows us to economically convert additional resources to reserves, achieve greater operating efficiencies, and reduce our environmental impact. We have embraced the digital transformation and are using digital innovations to work and operate more efficiently. Predictive analytics have been adopted in our operations and planning process. Artificial intelligence, machine learning, and deep learning are being used for seismic advancements. Our exploration focus is on onshore unconventional plays, which included the delaware in the permian basin and the eagle ford in south texas. We have a companywide, comprehensive, SEC-compliant internal policy that governs the determination and reporting of proved reserves. This policy is applied by the geoscientists and reservoir engineers in our business units around the world. As part of our internal control process, each business unit's reserves processes and controls are reviewed annually by an internal team which is independent of business unit line management and is responsible for reporting its findings to senior management. The team is responsible for communicating our reserves policy and procedures and is available for internal peer reviews and consultation on major projects or technical issues throughout the year.