The company relies on the security, stability and availability of its technology systems to operate its business. The performance and reliability of the company's technology systems are critical to its ability to operate and compete safely and effectively. A cybersecurity attack, which is a deliberate theft of data or impairment of information technology systems, or other significant disruption or failure, could result in a service interruption, train accident, misappropriation of confidential information, process failure, security breach or other operational difficulties. Such an event could result in decreased revenues and increased capital, insurance or operating costs, including increased security costs to protect the company's infrastructure. A disruption or compromise of the company's information technology systems, even for short periods of time, could have a material adverse effect. The company faces competition from other transportation providers. The company experiences competition in pricing, service, reliability and other factors from various transportation providers including railroads and motor carriers that operate similar routes across its service area. Any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation such as through the use of automation, autonomy or electrification, or legislation providing for less stringent size or weight restrictions on trucks, could negatively impact the company's competitive position. The company is committed to continuous safety improvement and remains focused on reducing risk and enhancing the overall safety of its employees, customers and the communities in which the company operates. Continued capital investment in the company's assets, including track, bridges, signals, equipment and detection technology also supports safety performance. The operational plan remains focused on delivering further service gains, improving transit times and driving asset utilization while controlling costs. The company also uses cash for scheduled payments of debt and leases, share repurchases and to pay dividends to shareholders. The company is continually evaluating market and regulatory conditions that could affect the company's ability to generate sufficient returns on capital investments. The company may revise its future estimates for capital spending as a result of changes in business conditions, tax legislation or the enactment of new laws or regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's operations and financial performance in the future. The company relies on information technology in all aspects of its business. The company recognizes that information management capability is essential for providing data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access. The company’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding and human resources to further organizational goals. The company’s ability to mobilize and deploy IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities has become a key factor in transforming the firm into a competitive force. The company’s IT systems may be targets or indirect casualties of acts of terror or war, which could cause significant business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased revenues. The company emphasizes the importance of IT governance and the need for effective management of its technology resources to enhance operational efficiency and support strategic objectives.