Cintas relies extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information, and manage its businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to the implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact its ability to service customers and adversely affect sales, results of operations, and reputation. The company has an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, its computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events, and usage errors by employees. Although Cintas believes it has adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to its technology and operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, it could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, and interruptions in its ability to provide products and services to customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of its computer systems could adversely affect sales and may require significant investment to fix or replace them, thereby adversely affecting consolidated results of operations. Cybersecurity attacks are evolving and include malicious software and attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, which could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential information, and corruption of data. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms, and monitoring systems to address these threats fails, compromising confidential information or causing security breaches could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business, or potential liability and damage to reputation. The company’s ability to achieve and maintain effective internal controls is necessary for providing reliable financial reports. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations, and even those determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance regarding the preparation and presentation of consolidated financial statements. Cintas continues to evaluate its internal controls, but cannot be certain that these measures will ensure the implementation and maintenance of adequate controls over financial processes and reporting in the future. Failure to maintain the adequacy of internal controls or the discovery of material weaknesses could cause the company to be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, which may lead to a loss of investor confidence in reported financial information and adversely affect stock price. The company is subject to various litigation claims and legal proceedings arising from the ordinary course of its business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental, and employment claims. The reliance on technology and the management of information systems are critical to Cintas' operational efficiency and overall business performance, as they directly influence the company's ability to respond to market dynamics and competitive pressures.