Chevron's risk management systems are designed to assess potential physical and other risks to its operations and assets and to plan for their resiliency. Cyberattacks targeting Chevron's process control networks or other digital infrastructure could have a material adverse impact on the company's business and results of operations. There are numerous and evolving risks to Chevron's cybersecurity and privacy from cyber threat actors, including criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and employee malfeasance. These cyber threat actors, whether internal or external to Chevron, are becoming more sophisticated and coordinated in their attempts to access the company's information technology (IT) systems and data, including the IT systems of cloud providers and other third parties with whom the company conducts business. Although Chevron devotes significant resources to prevent unwanted intrusions and to protect its systems and data, the company has experienced and will continue to experience cyber incidents of varying degrees in the conduct of its business. Cyber threat actors could compromise the company's process control networks or other critical systems and infrastructure, resulting in disruptions to its business operations, injury to people, harm to the environment or its assets, disruptions in access to its financial reporting systems, or loss, misuse, or corruption of its critical data and proprietary information, including without limitation its intellectual property and business information and that of its employees, customers, partners, and other third parties. Cyber events could result in significant financial losses, legal or regulatory violations, reputational harm, and legal liability and could ultimately have a material adverse effect on the company's business and results of operations. The company has limited control and visibility over such third-party IT systems. Furthermore, the ultimate impact of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions-related agreements, legislation, and measures on the company's financial performance is highly uncertain because the company is unable to predict with certainty the outcome of political decision-making processes and the variables and tradeoffs that inevitably occur in connection with such processes. Increasing attention to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters may impact the business, with increasing societal expectations on companies to address climate change potentially resulting in increased costs, reduced demand for products, reduced profits, and negative impacts on stock price and access to capital markets. The company assesses carbon pricing risks by considering carbon costs in long-range supply, demand, and energy price forecasts. The actual level of expenditure required to comply with new or potential climate change-related laws and regulations and the amount of additional investments in new or existing technology or facilities is difficult to predict with certainty and is expected to vary depending on the actual laws and regulations enacted in a jurisdiction, the company's activities, and market conditions. The company relies on existing liquidity, financial resources, and borrowing capacity to meet short-term obligations that would arise from significant incidents or unforeseen liabilities. The company's operations are subject to disruption from natural or human causes beyond its control, including physical risks from hurricanes, severe storms, floods, and other forms of severe weather, war, accidents, civil unrest, political events, fires, earthquakes, system failures, cyber threats, and epidemic or pandemic diseases. The company seeks to minimize these operational risks by carefully designing and building its facilities and conducting its operations in a safe and reliable manner. However, failure to manage these risks effectively could impair the ability to operate and result in unexpected incidents.