The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets depend upon the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's continuation of clearly identified market rules. The companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the companies to monetary penalties. The companies' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results, and are often beyond their control. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from various governmental agencies. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. Changes in demand for the companies' services, including industrial, commercial, and residential growth or decline in the companies' service areas, changes in supplies of natural gas delivered to the companies' pipeline systems, and failure to maintain or replace customer contracts on favorable terms could adversely impact the companies' business activities. The companies' operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns. The companies are also subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash, which could result in significant compliance costs. The companies' operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs. The companies may not complete facility construction, pipeline, conversion, or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms, costs, or timing than initially estimated. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. The companies' businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies. The companies' financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and related services. The companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations. The companies' operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals, and certificates from various governmental agencies. The companies' financial performance and condition can be affected by changes in the weather, including the effects of global climate change. The companies' operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions, and personnel issues which could negatively affect the companies.