John Deere relies upon information technology networks and systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments from dealers or other purchasers of John Deere equipment and from customers of John Deere's financial services operations. The secure operation of these information technology networks and the processing and maintenance of this information is critical to John Deere's business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, John Deere's information technology networks and infrastructure may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to attacks by cyber criminals or breaches due to employee or supplier error or malfeasance or other disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing computer software or hardware, power outages, computer viruses, telecommunication or utility failures, terrorist acts, natural disasters or other catastrophic events. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise John Deere's networks, and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability or regulatory penalties under laws protecting the privacy of personal information, disrupt operations, and damage John Deere's reputation, which could adversely affect John Deere's business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, as security threats continue to evolve and increase in frequency and sophistication, John Deere may need to invest additional resources to protect the security of its systems. John Deere is subject to governmental laws, regulations and other legal obligations related to privacy and data protection. The legislative and regulatory framework for privacy and data protection issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. John Deere collects personally identifiable information and other data as integral parts of its business processes and activities. This data is subject to a variety of U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including oversight by various regulatory or other governmental bodies. Any inability, or perceived inability, to adequately address privacy and data protection concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable laws, regulations, policies, industry standards, contractual obligations, or other legal obligations could result in additional cost and liability to John Deere or company officials, damage its reputation, inhibit sales, and otherwise adversely affect its business. John Deere's ability to execute its strategy is dependent upon the ability to attract, train and retain qualified personnel. John Deere's continued success depends, in part, on its ability to identify, attract, motivate, train and retain qualified personnel in key functions. Failure to attract, train and retain qualified personnel could impair John Deere's ability to execute its business strategy and could adversely affect its business. John Deere's operations, including those outside of the United States, may also be affected by non-U.S. regulatory reforms being implemented to further regulate non-U.S. financial institutions and markets. Changes in government banking, monetary and fiscal policies could have a negative effect on John Deere. The financial services segment provides financing for a significant portion of John Deere's sales worldwide. John Deere's operations and financial results could be impacted materially should negative economic conditions affect the financial industry. The financial services segment's liquidity and ongoing profitability depend largely on timely access to capital in order to meet future cash flow requirements and to fund operations and costs associated with engaging in diversified funding activities.