Our business activities are funded primarily through consumer deposits, securitization of loan receivables, and the issuance of unsecured debt. We continue to invest in technological capabilities, which is reflected in the increase in information processing and communications expenses due to continued investment in infrastructure and analytic capabilities. The competitive landscape in the credit card market is influenced by technological capabilities and innovations, where we face competition from other consumer financial services providers, including financial technology firms. Our ability to deliver services to our customers and run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be affected by the functionality of our technology systems. We rely on third-party service providers for software and systems development, and any failure to meet contractual requirements could negatively impact our business. The evolving regulatory environment also influences our strategies and operational processes, requiring us to invest more management time and resources in compliance efforts. We must effectively empower, integrate, and deploy our management and operational resources, incorporating global and local business, regulatory, and consumer perspectives into our decisions and processes. Our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return, utilizing a variety of models to manage and inform decision-making with respect to customers. The increasing focus on data security and data breach incident response requirements impacts our operational capabilities and necessitates ongoing investment in information security defenses. We face challenges in maintaining our international network business and achieving meaningful global card acceptance, which is critical for our competitive positioning. Our ability to manage credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance and legal risk, and strategic risk is essential for sustaining our business performance. The implementation of technology changes, as well as patches and upgrades to maintain current and integrated systems, may result in compliance issues and could disrupt our business operations. We are subject to various laws concerning consumer privacy and data use and security, which could affect the competitiveness of our products and increase our costs. The success of our business strategy depends on our ability to develop and implement innovative and efficient technology solutions while effectively managing legal, regulatory, compliance, security, operational, and other risks. Our ongoing investments in infrastructure are necessary to maintain a competitive business and establish scalable operations, which could lead to increased costs. The impact of technological changes on our business is both rapid and unpredictable, and we depend on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. Our ability to introduce new products or services may be hindered by operational, capital, and regulatory constraints. We continually seek to improve our assumptions and models for managing credit risk, and our ability to manage credit risk may be adversely affected by economic conditions. Our liquidity management framework outlines the strategies, objectives, and principles we utilize to manage liquidity risk across our business, ensuring we maintain sufficient liquidity to meet current and projected needs.