Our business depends upon the demand for data centers, and we are in the business of owning, acquiring, developing, and operating data centers. A reduction in the demand for data center space, power, or connectivity would have a greater adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Our substantial development activities make us particularly susceptible to general economic slowdowns as well as adverse developments in the data center, internet, and data communications and broader technology industries. Any such slowdown or adverse development could lead to reduced corporate IT spending or reduced demand for data center space. We face significant competition, which may adversely affect the occupancy and rental rates of our data centers. We compete with numerous data center providers, many of whom have significant advantages over us, including greater name recognition, longer operating histories, and more ready access to capital. If our competitors offer space that our customers perceive to be superior to ours based on factors such as available power, security, location, or connectivity, we may lose customers or potential customers or be required to incur costs to improve our data centers or reduce our rental rates. Our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any or all of these factors. Our business depends on providing customers with highly reliable services, including with respect to power supply, physical security, and maintenance of environmental conditions. Any failure of our physical infrastructure or services could lead to significant costs and disruptions that could harm our business reputation and adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. We may be vulnerable to breaches or unauthorized access to our physical and information security infrastructure and systems, which could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Security breaches or disruptions of our or our customers' physical or information technology infrastructure could result in unauthorized access to our facilities, a breach of our networks and information technology infrastructure, the misappropriation of proprietary or confidential information, and interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Our ability to attract customers to our data centers will depend on a variety of factors, including our product offerings, the presence of carriers, and our ability to effectively market our product offerings. Our inability to develop, provide, or effectively execute any of these factors may hinder the development, growth, and retention of a diverse and balanced customer base and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have made significant investments to update and improve our information technology systems and expect such investments to continue in order to meet our business needs, including for ongoing improvements for our customer experience. Transitioning to new or upgraded systems can create difficulties, including potential disruptions to current processes and security complexities. Difficulties in implementing new or upgraded information technology systems or significant system failures could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our ability to adapt to changing technologies and customer requirements is critical, as the technology industry is characterized by rapidly changing technology and customer demands. We may not be able to adapt to changing technologies or meet customer demands for new processes or technologies in a timely and cost-effective manner, which would adversely impact our ability to sustain and grow our business.