Duke Energy's operations are dependent upon the proper functioning of its internal systems, including the information technology systems that support its underlying business processes. Any significant failure or malfunction of such information technology systems may result in disruptions of operations. Duke Energy believes the digital transformation of its business is key to driving internal efficiencies as well as providing additional capabilities to customers. The company continues to leverage new technology, digital tools, and data analytics across the business in response to a transforming landscape. In 2019, Duke Energy created a team dedicated to developing applications and other solutions to deliver productivity gains and improvements to the customer experience. The modernization of the electric grid, including smart meters, storm hardening, self-healing, and targeted undergrounding, helps ensure the system is better prepared for severe weather, improves reliability and flexibility, and provides better information and services for customers. Duke Energy's information technology systems are critical to cost-effective, reliable daily operations and its ability to effectively serve customers. The company expects customers to continue to demand more sophisticated technology-driven solutions and must enhance or replace its information technology systems in response. This involves significant development and implementation costs to keep pace with changing technologies and customer demand. If Duke Energy fails to successfully implement critical technology, or if it does not provide the anticipated benefits or meet customer demands, such failure could materially adversely affect its business strategy as well as impact results of operations, financial position, and cash flows. Cybersecurity risks have increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication, magnitude, and frequency of cyberattacks and data security breaches. Duke Energy relies on the continued operation of sophisticated digital information technology systems and network infrastructure, which are part of an interconnected regional grid. The company faces a heightened risk of cyberattack from foreign or domestic sources and has been subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to information and/or information systems or to disrupt utility operations. In the event of a significant cybersecurity breach, Duke Energy could experience business operations disruption, theft of confidential information, and substantial loss of revenues. The company maintains insurance relating to cybersecurity events, although such insurance may be insufficient to offset any losses. Duke Energy's operations are also influenced by the regulatory environment, which affects its ability to take fundamental business management actions, determine the terms and rates of transmission and distribution services, and engage in transactions with other subsidiaries and affiliates. The company’s strategy includes transforming the customer experience, modernizing the energy grid, generating cleaner energy, and working to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. The ability to implement this strategy successfully is subject to business, economic, and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond its control. The digital transformation initiatives and the modernization of its infrastructure are integral to Duke Energy's long-term growth and operational efficiency.