Our results depend upon the continued vitality of the markets we serve. We continue to execute key business initiatives, including restructurings and investments to develop business systems, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns. In particular, we are undertaking the accelerate 2020 plan to simplify and automate processes and tasks, reduce complexity and management layers, consolidate facilities and focus on key long-term growth areas by leveraging technology and structural improvements. Additionally, we are continuing our implementation of our ERP system upgrades, which are expected to improve the efficiency of certain financial and related transactional processes. We rely to a large extent upon information technology systems and infrastructure to operate our business. The size and complexity of our information technology systems make them potentially vulnerable to failure, malicious intrusion and random attack. Acquisitions have resulted in further decentralization of systems and additional complexity in our systems infrastructure. While we have invested in protection of data and information technology, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent failures, cybersecurity attacks or breaches in our systems that could cause reputational damage, business disruption or legal and regulatory costs. Certain of our customer offerings include digital components, such as remote monitoring of certain customer operations. A breach of those remote monitoring systems could expose customer data giving rise to potential third-party claims and reputational damage. We are pursuing a plan to separate and combine our upstream energy business with Apergy Corporation in a tax-efficient reverse Morris Trust transaction. Our growth depends upon our ability to successfully compete with respect to value, innovation and customer support. We must also continue to identify, develop and commercialize innovative, profitable and high value-added products for niche applications and commercial digital applications. We have made significant investments in commercial digital product offerings, and our culture and expertise must continue to evolve to develop, support and profitably deploy commercial digital offerings. Our ability to compete depends in part on providing high quality and high value-added products, technology and service. If we fail to introduce new technologies or commercialize our digital offerings on a timely and profitable basis, we may lose market share and our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. We are also making changes to our system in order to support our separation of the ChampionX business. If the projects in which we are investing or the initiatives which we are pursuing are not successfully executed, our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could materially and adversely be affected. We may be subject to information technology system failures, network disruptions and breaches in data security. We have invested in protection of data and information technology, but there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent failures, cybersecurity attacks or breaches in our systems. The implementation of our ERP system upgrades involves complex business process design and a failure of certain of these processes could result in business disruption. We continue to execute key business initiatives, including restructurings and investments to develop business systems, as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns.