The failure to effectively maintain and upgrade our information systems could adversely affect our business. Our business depends significantly on effective information systems, and we have many different information systems for our various businesses. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain and enhance existing systems and develop new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry and regulatory standards including public exchanges and other aspects of the ACA, compliance with legal requirements, private insurance exchanges and changing customer preferences. Failure to adequately implement and maintain effective and efficient information systems with sufficiently advanced technological capabilities, or our failure to efficiently and effectively consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in competitive and cost disadvantages to us compared to our competitors, a diversion of management's time and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We have security technologies, processes and procedures in place to protect against cybersecurity risks and security breaches. However, hardware, software or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design, manufacturer defects or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. Cybersecurity and the continued development and enhancement of our controls, processes and practices designed to protect our systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage and unauthorized access remain a priority for us. We also use third-party technology, systems and services for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions that in some cases involve processing, storing and transmitting large amounts of data for our business. Our profitability depends in large part on accurately predicting and pricing healthcare costs and on our ability to manage future healthcare costs through medical management, product design, negotiation of favorable provider contracts and underwriting criteria. The integration into our business of entities that we acquire, or the expansion of our business into new areas, may affect the way in which existing laws and rules apply to us, including by subjecting us to laws and rules that did not previously apply to us. We expect ingeniorx to provide our members with more cost-effective solutions and improve our ability to integrate pharmacy benefits within our medical and specialty platform. We strive to price our healthcare benefit products consistent with anticipated underlying medical trends. We frequently make adjustments to respond to legislative and regulatory changes as well as pricing and other actions taken by existing competitors and new market entrants. Our strategy has been, and will continue to be, to only participate in rating regions where we have an appropriate level of confidence that these markets are on a path toward sustainability, including, but not limited to, factors such as expected financial performance, regulatory environment, and underlying market characteristics. We believe geographic and product diversity reduces our exposure to local or regional regulatory, economic and competitive pressures and provides us with increased opportunities for growth. In addition, we are subject to significant state and federal regulation associated with many aspects of our business, including, but not limited to, licensing, premiums, marketing activities, provider contracting, access and payment standards, and corporate governance and financial reporting matters.