We rely extensively on information technology systems, including internally developed software, data hosting platforms, real-time data acquisition systems, third-party software, cloud services and other internally or externally hosted hardware and software platforms, to process and analyze all stages of our business operations, including exploration, drilling, completions, production, transportation, pipelines and other related activities. Although we have implemented and invested in controls, procedures and protections designed to protect our systems, identify and remediate vulnerabilities in our systems and related infrastructure, and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threats, such measures cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats. Our systems and networks, and those of our business associates, may become the target of cybersecurity attacks, including denial-of-service attacks, malicious software, data privacy breaches by employees, insiders or others with authorized access, cyber or phishing-attacks, ransomware, and attempts to gain unauthorized access to our data and systems. If any of these security breaches were to occur, we could suffer disruptions to our normal operations, including our drilling, completion, production and corporate functions, which could materially and adversely affect us in various ways, including unauthorized access to, and release of, our business data, reserves information, strategic information or other sensitive or proprietary information, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for oil and gas resources. The potential for security threats has subjected our operations to increased risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business. We continue to evolve and modify our business continuity plans as well as our cyber threat detection and mitigation systems; however, there can be no assurance that they will be effective in avoiding disruption and business impacts. The continuing and evolving threat of cybersecurity attacks has resulted in evolving legal and compliance matters, including increased regulatory focus on prevention, which could require us to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. Our ability to sell and deliver our crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production could be materially and adversely affected if adequate gathering, processing, compression, storage and transportation facilities and equipment are unavailable. The sale of our crude oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability, proximity and capacity of, and costs associated with, gathering, processing, compression, storage and transportation facilities and equipment owned by third parties. We face various security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to, or control of, our sensitive information or to render our data or systems corrupted or unusable. We have implemented and invested in controls, procedures and protections designed to protect our systems, identify and remediate vulnerabilities, and monitor and mitigate the risk of data loss and other cybersecurity threats, but such measures cannot entirely eliminate cybersecurity threats. The occurrence of any security breaches could materially and adversely affect our business, including disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, and a loss of counterparty trust. Our management team plays a significant role in the successful implementation of our strategies and handling of issues integral to our future success, with the loss of any member potentially having a material adverse effect on our business. We monitor and assess any proposed or new policies, legislation, regulations and treaties in the areas where we operate to determine the impact on our operations and take appropriate actions, where necessary.