Our operations depend on our information technology systems, which are essential for effectively managing sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, customer service, and technical support functions. We contract with third parties for important services related to infrastructure and information technology. Failure to protect our information technology infrastructure against cyber-based attacks, network security breaches, service interruptions, or data corruption could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and operating results. Our information technology systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption from various risks, including natural disasters and cyber-based attacks, which can lead to significant operational disruptions. We rely on a combination of patents and trade secrets to protect our proprietary intellectual property, and our success and competitive position are dependent in part upon our proprietary intellectual property. Our intellectual property, other proprietary technology, and other sensitive company information are dependent on sophisticated information technology systems and are potentially vulnerable to cyber-attacks, loss, damage, or destruction from system malfunction. We have invested to protect our intellectual property and other information and continue to upgrade and enhance our systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology. Our competitive position can also be adversely affected by product problems, reflecting the importance of quality in the medical technology industry. The introduction of new and differentiated products is critical to maintaining our competitive advantage, and our ability to compete will depend largely on our ability to develop and acquire new or differentiated products and technologies. We devote significant financial and other resources to our research and development activities, which are essential for the transformation of our business and the enhancement of our operational efficiency. The regulatory approval process for new products requires extensive clinical trials and procedures, and unfavorable or inconsistent clinical data could adversely affect our ability to obtain necessary approvals. Our sales, technical, and other key personnel play an integral role in the development, marketing, and selling of new and existing products, and if we are unable to recruit, hire, develop, and retain a talented workforce, our ability to compete may be adversely affected. We face intense competition in the cardiovascular medical technology industry, and our customers consider many factors when selecting a product, including product reliability and clinical outcomes. Our ability to market new products could be limited by regulatory clearance, restrictions imposed on approved indications, and barriers in the patients' path to treatment. We are committed to developing new technologies and providing innovative patient care, and we are dedicated to generating robust clinical, economic, and quality of life evidence expected by patients, clinicians, and payors in the current healthcare environment. Our information technology systems are crucial for managing various operational aspects, and any disruptions could lead to decreased sales, liability claims, or regulatory penalties, adversely affecting our reputation and financial condition.