Our future success depends in part on our ability to develop new products and technologies and maintain a qualified workforce to meet the needs of our customers. Many of the products and services we provide involve sophisticated technologies and engineering, with related complex manufacturing and system-integration processes. Accordingly, our future performance depends in part on our ability to continue to develop, manufacture and provide innovative products and services and bring those offerings to market quickly at cost-effective prices. We have made and expect to continue to make investments, including acquisitions and joint ventures, that involve risks and uncertainties. When evaluating potential acquisitions and joint ventures, we make judgments regarding the value of business opportunities, technologies, and other assets and the risks and costs of potential liabilities based on information available to us at the time of the transaction. These factors could materially adversely affect our financial results. Our business could be negatively impacted by cybersecurity events and other disruptions. We face various cybersecurity threats, including threats to our information technology (IT) infrastructure and attempts to gain access to our proprietary or classified information, denial-of-service attacks, as well as threats to the physical security of our facilities and employees, and threats from terrorist acts. We also design and manage IT systems and products that contain IT systems for various customers. Accordingly, we maintain information security staff, policies and procedures for managing risk to our information systems, and conduct employee training on cybersecurity to mitigate persistent and continuously evolving cybersecurity threats. However, there can be no assurance that any such actions will be sufficient to prevent cybersecurity breaches, disruptions, unauthorized release of sensitive information or corruption of data. We have experienced cybersecurity threats such as viruses and attacks targeting our IT systems. Such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. However, future threats could, among other things, cause harm to our business and our reputation; disrupt our operations; expose us to potential liability, regulatory actions and loss of business; challenge our eligibility for future work on sensitive or classified systems for government customers; and impact our results of operations materially. The information technology segment's backlog consists of thousands of contracts and task orders, and approximately 15-20% of its portfolio is recompeted each year. The segment's total backlog was $9.1 billion at the end of 2019, up 14.7% from $8 billion at year-end 2018. This amount does not include $19 billion of estimated potential contract value associated with its anticipated share of indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity (IDIQ) contracts and unexercised options on December 31, 2019, an increase of 11.4% from year-end 2018. Funding from IDIQ contracts and exercised options added $5.7 billion to the segment's backlog in 2019, approximately 60% of the segment's orders. In 2019, the segment achieved a book-to-bill ratio of 1-to-1 or higher for the fifth consecutive year driven by several significant contract awards during the year. Our ability to perform our obligations may be materially adversely affected if one or more of these suppliers is unable to provide the agreed-upon materials, perform the agreed-upon services in a timely and cost-effective manner, or engages in misconduct or other improper activities. We manage our supplier base carefully to avoid or minimize customer issues. We depend on these subcontractors and vendors to meet our contractual obligations in full compliance with customer requirements and applicable law. The termination of multiple or large programs could have a material adverse effect on our future revenue and earnings.