We believe that the automotive industry will continue to experience significant change in the coming years. Industry participants are disrupting the historic business model of our industry through the introduction of new technologies, products, services, and methods of travel and vehicle ownership. It is strategically significant that we succeed in leading the technological disruption occurring in our industry, including consumer adoption of electric vehicles and commercialization of autonomous vehicles in a rideshare environment. The process of designing and developing new technology, products, and services is complex, costly, and uncertain and requires extensive capital investment and the ability to retain and recruit talent. If we do not adequately prepare for and respond to new kinds of technological innovations, market developments, and changing customer needs, our sales, profitability, and long-term competitiveness may be harmed. Our ability to maintain profitability is dependent upon our ability to timely fund and introduce new and improved vehicle models that are able to attract a sufficient number of consumers. Our electric vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to reduce the cost of manufacturing electric vehicles, as well as increased consumer adoption. We anticipate that the production and profitable sale of electric vehicles will become increasingly important to our business. Our autonomous vehicle strategy is dependent upon our ability to successfully mitigate unique technological, operational, and regulatory risks. In recent years, we announced significant investments in autonomous vehicle technologies, including in GM Cruise Holdings LLC, our majority-owned subsidiary that is responsible for the development and commercialization of autonomous vehicle technology. Our autonomous vehicle operations are capital intensive and subject to a variety of risks inherent with the development of new technologies, including our ability to continue to develop self-driving software and hardware, access to sufficient capital, and significant competition from both established automotive companies and technology companies. We face risks related to the commercial deployment of autonomous vehicles on our targeted timeline or at all, including consumer acceptance, achievement of adequate safety and other performance standards, and compliance with uncertain, evolving, and potentially conflicting federal and state or provincial regulations. Security breaches and other disruptions to information technology systems and networked products, including connected vehicles, could interfere with our operations and compromise the confidentiality of private customer data or our proprietary information. We rely upon information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, activities, and products. The secure operation of these systems is critical to our business operations and strategy. Despite security measures and business continuity plans, these systems may be vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns caused by attacks by hackers, computer viruses, malware, or breaches due to errors or malfeasance by employees. The occurrence of any of these events could compromise the confidentiality, operational integrity, and accessibility of these systems and the data that resides therein. Our enterprise data practices, including the collection, use, sharing, and security of personal identifiable information, are subject to increasingly complex regulations. The failure to maintain compliant data practices could result in consumer complaints and regulatory inquiry, resulting in civil or criminal penalties, as well as brand impact or other harm to our business.