Our ongoing investment in new businesses, products, services, and technologies is inherently risky and could disrupt our current operations and harm our financial condition and operating results. We are also devoting significant resources to develop and deploy our enterprise-ready cloud services, including Google Cloud Platform and G Suite. We are incurring costs to build and maintain infrastructure to support cloud computing services and hire talent, particularly to support and scale the cloud salesforce. The availability of our products and services and fulfillment of our customer contracts depend on the continuing operation of our information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage, interference, or interruption from terrorist attacks, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, ransomware attacks, and other attempts to harm or access our systems. We rely extensively on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the process of a multi-year implementation of a new ERP system, which will replace much of our existing core financial systems. The ERP system is designed to accurately maintain our financial records, enhance the flow of financial information, improve data management, and provide timely information to our management team. Failure to successfully design and implement the new ERP system as planned could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the ERP system as planned or the ERP system does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting could be negatively affected. Our intellectual property rights are valuable, and any inability to protect them could reduce the value of our products, services, and brand as well as affect our ability to compete. Our strong brands have significantly contributed to the success of our business. Maintaining and enhancing the brands within Google and other bets increases our ability to enter new categories and launch new and innovative products that better serve the needs of our users, advertisers, customers, content providers, and other partners. We face a number of manufacturing and supply chain risks that, if not properly managed, could harm our financial condition, operating results, and prospects. We rely on other companies to manufacture many of our assemblies and finished products, to design certain of our components and parts, and to participate in the distribution of our products and services. Our business could be negatively affected if we are not able to engage these companies with the necessary capabilities or capacity on reasonable terms. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time, and we anticipate downward pressure on our operating margin in the future. Our revenue growth rate could decline over time as a result of a number of factors, including increasing competition and the continued expansion of our business into a variety of new fields. We continue to make significant R&D investments in areas of strategic focus such as advertising, cloud, machine learning, and search, as well as in new products and services. We expect to continue to invest significant resources in research and development, including through acquisitions, in order to enhance our technology and new and existing products and services. Our ongoing investments in safety, security, and content review will likely continue to identify abuse of our platforms and misuse of user data. We experience cyber attacks and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to our systems on a regular basis. We may experience future security issues, whether due to employee error or malfeasance or system errors.