The proper functioning of Grainger's information systems is critical to the successful operation of its business. Grainger continues to invest in software, hardware, and network infrastructures in order to effectively manage its information systems. Interruptions in the proper functioning of information systems could disrupt operations and cause unanticipated increases in costs and/or decreases in revenues. Grainger's ability to operate its e-commerce platforms, process orders, maintain proper levels of inventories, collect accounts receivable, disburse funds, manage its supply chain, monitor results of operations, and process and store employee or customer data, among other functions, could be adversely affected if critical information systems fail or otherwise become unavailable. Grainger's ability to effectively compete requires Grainger to respond and adapt to new industry trends and developments, including technological advancements and the increased use of e-commerce solutions. Implementing new technology and innovations may result in unexpected costs and interruptions to operations, may take longer than expected, and may not provide all anticipated benefits. Grainger's competitive strengths include product selection and availability, which are supported by its IT capabilities. The company must be willing and able to respond to market pressures, including downward pressure on sales prices and changes in the volume of orders. Grainger's operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing, and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to its business, customers, suppliers, and employees, and other sensitive matters. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving, and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Any breach of Grainger's security measures or any breach, error, or malfeasance of those of its third-party service providers could cause Grainger to incur significant costs to protect any customers, suppliers, employees, and other parties whose personal data is compromised and to make changes to its information systems and administrative processes to address security issues. Grainger has instituted safeguards for the protection of such information; however, it may be unable to anticipate techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems. The company's ability to adequately protect its intellectual property or successfully defend against infringement claims by others may have an adverse impact on operations. Grainger's business relies on the use, validity, and continued protection of certain proprietary information and intellectual property, which includes current and future patents, trade secrets, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, and confidentiality agreements. Grainger's strategic priority is to expand its leadership position in the MRO space by being the go-to partner for people who build and run safe, sustainable, and productive operations. To achieve this, Grainger is focused on continuously improving cost structures, investing in digital marketing, technology, and supply chain infrastructure to ultimately deliver long-term returns for shareholders. The company expects to continue to invest in its business and return excess cash to shareholders through cash dividends and share repurchases, which it plans to fund through total available liquidity and cash flows generated from operations.