Our substantial leverage could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of our variable rate debt and prevent us from meeting our obligations. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may not be able to refinance our indebtedness on favorable terms. Our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which are subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. Our operations are dependent on the efforts, abilities and experience of our management and medical support personnel, such as nurses, pharmacists and lab technicians, as well as our physicians. We compete with other health care providers in recruiting and retaining qualified management and support personnel responsible for the daily operations of each of our hospitals, including nurses and other nonphysician health care professionals. We may also be adversely affected by the growth in patient responsibility accounts as a result of increases in the adoption of health plan structures that shift greater responsibility for care to individuals through greater exclusions and copayment and deductible amounts. A cybersecurity incident could result in the compromise of our facilities, confidential data or critical data systems. We have made significant investments in technology to adopt and meaningfully use electronic health records and in the use of medical devices that store sensitive data and are integral to the provision of patient care. The secure maintenance of this information and technology is critical to our business operations. We have implemented multiple layers of security measures to protect the confidentiality, integrity and availability of this data and the systems and devices that store and transmit such data. Despite these efforts, threats from malicious persons and groups, new vulnerabilities and advanced new attacks against information systems and devices against us or our third-party vendors create risk of cybersecurity incidents, including ransomware, malware and phishing incidents. Our information systems are essential to a number of critical areas of our operations, including accounting and financial reporting, billing and collecting accounts, coding and compliance, clinical systems and medical devices, medical records and document storage, inventory management, negotiating, pricing and administering managed care contracts and supply contracts, and monitoring quality of care and collecting data on quality measures necessary for full Medicare payment updates. We have taken precautionary measures to prevent unanticipated problems that could affect our information systems. Nevertheless, we or our third-party vendors that we rely upon may experience system failures. The occurrence of any system failure could result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data and cessations or interruptions in the availability of systems, all of which could have a material, adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. Our performance depends on our ability to recruit and retain quality physicians. The success of our hospitals depends in part on the number and quality of the physicians on the medical staffs of our hospitals, the admitting and utilization practices of those physicians, maintaining good relations with those physicians and controlling costs related to the employment of physicians. If we are unable to provide adequate support personnel or technologically advanced equipment and hospital facilities that meet the needs of those physicians and their patients, they may be discouraged from referring patients to our facilities, admissions may decrease and our operating performance may decline.