Our ability to be competitive on delivery times and delivery costs depends on many factors, including the success of our investments in one supply chain, and our failure to successfully manage these factors and offer competitive delivery options could negatively impact the demand for our products and our profit margins. The implementation of our store, interconnected retail, supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail. We have been substantially increasing our investments to create the one home depot experience, including significant investments over several years to build one supply chain. These initiatives are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers; simplify customer interactions; provide our customers with a more interconnected retail experience; and create the fastest, most efficient delivery network for home improvement products. The one supply chain initiative also involves significant real estate projects as we expand our distribution network. If we are unable to effectively manage the volume, nature and cost of these investments, projects and changes, our business operations and financial results could be materially and adversely affected. We rely extensively on information technology systems to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. Our information technology systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving data protection and cybersecurity risks. We have implemented and regularly review and update our systems, processes, and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of data and to prevent data loss. However, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes and overall security environment. We are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure, in certain cases with the assistance of strategic partners and other third-party service providers. These investments involve replacing existing systems with successor systems; outsourcing certain technology to third-party service providers; making changes to existing systems, including the migration of applications to the cloud; or designing or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. Disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences. Through our information technology systems, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and interconnected retail experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from a variety of electronic devices and digital platforms. The retail industry is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to new developments and changing customer preferences with respect to an interconnected experience. Our ability to collect and use customer data is important to our ability to effectively meet their expectations. Our ability to collect and use that data, however, is subject to a number of external factors, including the impact of legislation or regulations governing data privacy and security. We must also maintain a safe store environment for our customers and associates, as well as to protect against loss or theft of our inventory. A failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business. Our systems and the third-party systems with which we interact are subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches or data theft; cyber-attacks; and catastrophic events. We have an aging store base that requires maintenance, investment, and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping experience that our customers desire.