Our businesses are focused on driving profitable growth through delivering innovative products through research and development and technological excellence, and through continued enhancement of our footprint in high growth regions. We are committed to a strategy to become one of the world's leading software industrial companies. Our technology investments allow us to introduce new technology solutions in high growth businesses in broad-based, attractive industrial end markets. We continue to focus on commercial excellence and improvements in our manufacturing and operational processes, including our integrated supply chain and honeywell digital transformations, to drive higher sales at better margins. We seek to deploy comprehensive measures to deter, prevent, detect, respond to and mitigate cybersecurity threats, including identity and access controls, data protection, vulnerability assessments, continuous monitoring of our IT networks and systems, and maintenance of backup and protective systems. We employ information technology systems and networks to support the business and rely on them to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities. Disruptions to our information technology infrastructure from system failures, shutdowns, power outages, telecommunication or utility failures, cybersecurity incidents, and other events could interfere with our operations, interrupt production and shipments, damage customer and business partner relationships, and negatively impact our reputation. Our customers, including the U.S. government, are increasingly requiring cybersecurity protections and mandating cybersecurity standards in our products, and we may incur additional costs to comply with such demands. We have developed product software designs which we believe are less susceptible to cyber-attacks, but if our products and services that include IoT solutions do not work as intended or are compromised, the possible consequences include financial loss, reputational damage, exposure to legal claims or enforcement actions, theft of intellectual property, and diminution in the value of our investment in research, development and engineering. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers' inability to scale production and adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. We regularly review our portfolio of businesses and pursue growth through acquisitions and seek to divest non-core businesses. Our future growth is largely dependent upon our ability to develop new technologies and introduce new products that achieve market acceptance in increasingly competitive markets with acceptable margins. We are careful not to allow the attainment of short-term financial results to imperil the creation of long-term, sustainable shareholder value. Our future growth rate depends upon a number of factors, including our ability to identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in our target end-markets, develop and maintain competitive products, and enhance our products by adding innovative features that differentiate our products from those of our competitors. Our profitability and margin growth are dependent upon our ability to drive sustainable improvements. We expect to pay these environmental matters from operating cash flows. The timing of these payments depends on several factors, including the timing of litigation and settlements of remediation liability, personal injury and property damage claims, regulatory approval of cleanup projects, execution timeframe of projects, and agreement with other parties. We believe that cash balances and operating cash flow will continue to be our principal source of liquidity. We continuously assess the relative strength of each business in our portfolio as to strategic fit, market position, profit and cash flow contribution in order to identify target investment and acquisition opportunities in order to upgrade our combined portfolio.