Arconic relies on its information technology systems to manage and operate its business, process transactions, and summarize its operating results. Information technology system failures, cyber attacks, and security breaches may threaten the integrity of Arconic's intellectual property and other sensitive information, disrupt its business operations, and result in reputational harm and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. The company faces global cybersecurity threats, which may range from uncoordinated individual attempts to sophisticated and targeted measures directed at the company. Cyber attacks and security breaches may include attempts to access information, computer viruses, denial of service, and other electronic security breaches. Arconic has experienced cybersecurity attacks in the past, including breaches of its information technology systems in which information was taken, and may experience them in the future, potentially with more frequency or sophistication. The company employs a number of measures to protect and defend against cyber attacks, including technical security controls, data encryption, firewalls, intrusion prevention systems, anti-virus software, and frequent backups. Additionally, the company conducts regular periodic training of its employees regarding the protection of sensitive information, which includes training intended to prevent the success of phishing attacks. However, there is no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber attacks or security breaches that manipulate or improperly use its systems or networks, compromise confidential or otherwise protected information, destroy or corrupt data, or otherwise disrupt its operations. The occurrence of such events could negatively impact Arconic's reputation and its competitive position and could result in litigation with third parties, regulatory action, loss of business, potential liability, and increased remediation costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. The company may also face challenges in developing innovative new products or implementing technology initiatives successfully. Arconic's competitive position and future performance depend, in part, on the company's ability to identify and evolve with emerging technological and broader industry trends in its target end-markets, identify and successfully execute on a strategy to remain an essential and sustainable element of its customers' supply chains, fund, develop, manufacture, and bring innovative new products and services to market quickly and cost-effectively, monitor disruptive technologies, and understand customers' and competitors' abilities to deploy those disruptive technologies. The company is working on new developments for a number of strategic projects, including advanced alloy development, engineered finishes and product design, rolling technology, and other advanced manufacturing technologies. While Arconic intends to continue to develop innovative new products and services, it may not be able to successfully differentiate its products or services from those of its competitors or match the level of research and development spending of its competitors, including those developing technology to displace Arconic's current products. The company may not be able to adapt to evolving markets and technologies or achieve and maintain technological advantages.