The company seeks to drive greater agility, productivity, flexibility, and cost savings by continuously transforming with the use of automation, artificial intelligence, agile processes, and changes to the way the company works, while also enabling the scaling of resources, offerings, and investments through its globally integrated model across both emerging and more established markets. These various initiatives may not yield their intended gains in speed, quality, productivity, and enablement of rapid scaling, which may impact the company's competitiveness and its ability to meet its growth and productivity objectives. IBM has been moving into areas, including those that incorporate or utilize artificial intelligence, blockchain, IoT, quantum, and other disruptive technologies, in which it can differentiate itself through innovation, by leveraging its investments in R&D and attracting a successful developer ecosystem. If IBM is unable to continue its cutting-edge innovation in a highly competitive and rapidly evolving environment or is unable to commercialize such innovations, expand and scale them with sufficient speed and versatility, the company could fail in its ongoing efforts to maintain and increase its market share and profit margins. The company's ability to protect its intellectual property could also be impacted by changes to existing laws, legal principles, and regulations governing intellectual property, including the ownership and protection of patents. The company is at risk of security breaches not only of its own products, services, systems, and networks, but also those of customers, contractors, business partners, vendors, employees, and other third parties. Cyber threats are continually evolving, making it difficult to detect and defend against certain threats and vulnerabilities that can persist over extended periods of time. The company's products, services, systems, and networks may involve the storage, processing, and transmission of sensitive data, including valuable intellectual property, other proprietary or confidential data, regulated data, and personal information of employees, customers, and others. Successful cybersecurity attacks or other security incidents could result in unauthorized access to, disclosure, modification, misuse, loss, or destruction of company, customer, or other third-party data or systems, which could expose the company to liability, litigation, and regulatory or other government action. The company continuously takes significant steps to mitigate cybersecurity risk across a range of functions, but such measures can never eliminate the risk entirely or provide absolute security. The regulatory environment with regard to cybersecurity, privacy, and data protection issues is increasingly complex and will continue to impact the company's business, including through increased risk, increased costs, and expanded or otherwise altered compliance obligations. As the company's reliance on data grows, the potential impact of regulations on the company's business, risks, and reputation will grow accordingly. The enactment and expansion of data protection and privacy laws and regulations around the globe, the lack of harmonization of such laws and regulations, and the potential regulation of new and emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence will continue to result in increased compliance costs and risks. The company's financial performance could be impacted by changes in market liquidity conditions and by customer credit risk on receivables. The company's client base includes many worldwide enterprises, from small and medium businesses to the world's largest organizations and governments, with a significant portion of the company's revenue coming from global clients across many sectors. The company's use of accounting estimates involves judgment and could impact the company's financial results. The company depends on skilled employees, and much of its future success depends on the continued service, availability, and integrity of skilled employees, including technical, marketing, and staff resources. The company may face challenges in managing its relationships with critical suppliers, which could affect its ability to bring products to market.