We are a leading global operator of regulated exchanges, clearing houses and listings venues, and a provider of data services for commodity, financial, fixed income and equity markets. We operate regulated marketplaces for listing, trading and clearing a broad array of derivatives contracts and securities across major asset classes, including energy and agricultural commodities, metals, interest rates, equities, exchange-traded funds, credit derivatives, digital assets, bonds and currencies, and also offer mortgage and technology services. Our exchanges include derivative exchanges in the U.S., U.K., European Union, Canada and Singapore, and cash equities, equity options and bond trading venues in the U.S. We also operate over-the-counter markets for physical energy, fixed income and credit default swaps trade execution. Our business is conducted as two reportable business segments, our trading and clearing segment and our data and listings segment. We have invested, and continue to invest significant resources, in our proprietary ICE global network and cybersecurity protections to minimize the potential impact of a wide-scale cyber interruption, system outages or global regulatory drive to move critical infrastructure and/or sensitive financial transactions away from the public internet. We believe that our current and historic investments in this space position us well competitively to accommodate increased costs of compliance, assurance, or incident response; however, trends in nationalism and data privacy could result in requirements that necessitate increases in staffing or the introduction of local data collection, which could undermine our synergistic centralized service model. We continue to focus on our strategy to grow each of our revenue streams and prudently manage expenses to mitigate uncertainties and build on growth opportunities by leveraging our proprietary data, clearing and markets. Our trading and clearing revenues consist of fees collected from our derivatives, fixed income, cash equities and equity options trading and derivatives clearing. Rates per-contract are driven by the number of contracts or securities traded and the fees charged per contract, net of certain rebates. Our transaction and clearing revenues are presented net of rebates. We recorded rebates of $860 million and $844 million in 2019 and 2018, respectively. The increase in the rebates is due primarily to increased volumes in products with higher rates per contract, an increase in the number of rebate programs offered and an increase in the number of participants within our energy futures and options programs. Our data services revenues are primarily subscription-based and increased 5% in 2019 from 2018 primarily due to the strong retention rate of existing customers, the addition of new customers, increased purchases by existing customers and increases in pricing of our products. Our pricing and analytics revenues increased 4% in 2019 from 2018, driven by strength in our pricing and reference data and index businesses. The increase in revenue was partially offset by unfavorable fluctuations in the U.S. dollar as compared to the pound sterling and euro. Our exchange data and feeds revenues increased 5% in 2019 from 2018, largely due to strength in our futures exchange data. Our desktop and connectivity revenues increased 5% in 2019 from 2018, driven primarily by growth in our connectivity services including the ICE global network. We have diversified our business so that we are not dependent on volatility or trading activity in any one asset class. In addition, we have increased our portion of non-transaction and clearing revenues from 34% in 2014 to 51% in 2019.