Information technology capabilities have been evolving in scope to more comprehensively encompass the coordination of a firm’s assets and internal processes and their interfirm transactions and relationships. IT capability is a firm's ability to acquire, deploy, combine, and reconfigure IT resources in support and enhancement of business strategies and work processes. The notion of IT capability underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with, and leveraging the value of, other resources and capabilities. A firm’s IT capabilities represent the application of physical or intangible IT resources such as technology, knowledge, practices, relationships, management skills, business process understanding, and human resources to further organizational goals. Our data-centric businesses collectively grew faster than Intel as a whole at 11% CAGR over the last five years, and are approaching 50% of our revenue. The massive growth of data worldwide will increase demand to move, store, and process data and extract value from data. We expect these trends to continue to fuel demand in data-centric businesses in the long term. Our workload-optimized, broad portfolio strategy uniquely enables our customers to move, store, and process the world's data. We are at the forefront of developing new technologies and products as building blocks for an increasingly smart and connected world. These technologies and products are used as integrated solutions for a broad spectrum of markets. As we transform beyond a PC-centric company to address the needs of the new data-centric world, we have expanded our product offerings to provide end-to-end solutions, scaling from edge computing to the network, the cloud, and the emerging fields of AI and autonomous driving. Our customers are seeking to analyze data closer to the point of origin, giving rise to a data-centric edge environment across industries and providers. We facilitate our customers creating, storing, and processing data generated by connected devices to accelerate business transformations. We have expanded our data-centric TAM to approximately $230 billion with acquisitions and product innovations. Our broadened portfolio includes development of computer vision and machine learning-based applications, which creates better synergistic value for our customers. We are developing CPU, GPU, FPGA, and AI accelerator products to span inference and training AI workloads, while also pursuing ongoing software optimizations for AI. Our products provide end-to-end solutions and we are enhancing users' digital experiences through continued expansion of adjacent product offerings to store and move data more effectively. Our Internet of Things portfolio is comprised of our IoTG and Mobileye businesses, which develop high-performance compute for targeted verticals and embedded markets. We are using our architecture, accelerators, and software assets, combined with scale and partners, to develop a growing Internet of Things portfolio. Our Internet of Things Group achieved record revenue and operating income in 2019 on broad business strength and growing demand for edge computing and computer vision-based applications. We continue to provide updated solutions to accelerate market adoption of computer vision and AI applications, which includes advances in existing offerings and the release of Intel AI DevCloud for the edge.