The company relies on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection. If the company is unable to protect its information technology infrastructure against service interruptions, data corruption, cyber-based attacks or network security breaches, or if there is a violation of data privacy laws, there could be a negative impact on operating results or the company may suffer financial or reputational damage. The company's decentralized operating structure allows its individual businesses significant decision-making autonomy within the company's strategic framework and internal financial and compliance controls. The company cannot ensure that its internal controls will always protect against reckless or criminal acts committed by its employees, agents or business partners that might violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws. The company has engaged in various acquisitions in the past and could choose to acquire additional businesses in the future, which involve a number of risks and financial, accounting, managerial and operational challenges that could adversely affect the company's profitability and returns. The company's enterprise strategy may not yield the expected benefits, and the company's financial results could be adversely impacted if it fails to realize the expected benefits from its initiatives. The company focuses on high-quality businesses, ensuring it operates in markets with positive long-term macro fundamentals and with customers that have critical needs and value its differentiated products, services and solutions. The company has significant goodwill and other intangible assets, and future impairment of these assets could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial results. The company maintains a focused and simple organizational structure that, combined with outstanding execution, delivers best-in-class services and solutions adapted to each business' customers and end markets. The company’s ability to develop new products based on innovation can affect its competitive position and sometimes requires the investment of significant time and resources. The company's unique innovation approach is built on insight gathered from its operational processes. The company has recorded significant goodwill and other identifiable intangible assets on its balance sheet as a result of acquisitions, and the realization of any liabilities or deficiencies may increase the company's expenses, adversely affect its financial position or cause noncompliance with its financial reporting obligations. The company’s strategic sourcing initiative has established sourcing as a core strategic and operational capability, delivering an average of one percent reduction in spend each year from 2013 through 2019. The company’s business model is the core source of value creation and defines how it creates value for its shareholders. The company’s 80/20 front-to-back process is the operating system applied in every business, enabling consistent achievement of world-class operational excellence in product availability, quality, and innovation while generating superior financial performance. The company’s enterprise initiatives have contributed to improvements in operating margin and after-tax return on invested capital. The company’s ability to manage its cash flows effectively supports its strategic resource allocation and investment decisions, which are critical for sustaining competitive advantage and operational flexibility.