The company relies on both internal information technology (IT) systems and networks, and those of third parties and their vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual property, and personal data that may be subject to legal protection. The extensive information security and cybersecurity threats, which affect companies globally, pose a risk to the security and availability of these IT systems and networks, and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of the company's sensitive data. The company continually assesses these threats and makes investments to increase internal protection, detection, and response capabilities, as well as ensure the company's third-party providers have required capabilities and controls, to address this risk. The company has not experienced any material impact to the business or operations resulting from information or cybersecurity attacks; however, due to the frequently changing attack techniques, along with the increased volume and sophistication of the attacks, there is the potential for the company to be adversely impacted. This impact could result in reputational, competitive, operational or other business harm as well as financial costs and regulatory action. The company maintains cybersecurity insurance in the event of an information security or cyber incident, however, the coverage may not be sufficient to cover all financial losses. The executive committee of Johnson & Johnson is the principal management group responsible for the strategic operations and allocation of the resources of the company. This committee oversees and coordinates the activities of the consumer, pharmaceutical, and medical devices business segments. The competitive environment requires substantial investments in continuing research. The company is committed to creating value by developing accessible, high quality, innovative products and services. A critical driver of the company's success is the 132,200 diverse employees worldwide. Employees are empowered and inspired to lead with the company's credo and purpose as guides. This allows every employee to use the company's reach and size to advance the company's purpose, and to also lead with agility and urgency. Leveraging the extensive resources across the enterprise enables the company to innovate and execute with excellence. This ensures the company can remain focused on addressing the unmet needs of society every day and invest for an enduring impact, ultimately delivering value to its patients, consumers, and healthcare professionals, employees, communities, and shareholders. The company expects these actions to generate approximately $0.6 to $0.8 billion in annual pre-tax cost savings that will be substantially delivered by 2022. The company expects to record pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately $1.9 to $2.3 billion. The company monitors the global capital markets on an ongoing basis and from time to time may raise capital when market conditions are favorable. The company invests in both fixed rate and floating rate interest earning securities which carry a degree of interest rate risk. The fair market value of fixed rate securities may be adversely impacted due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than predicted if interest rates fall. The company uses financial instruments to manage the impact of foreign exchange rate changes on cash flows. The company enters into forward foreign exchange contracts to protect the value of certain foreign currency assets and liabilities and to hedge future foreign currency transactions primarily related to product costs.