JPMorgan Chase's businesses rely comprehensively on the ability of its financial, accounting, transaction execution, data processing, and other operational systems to process, record, monitor, and report a large number of transactions on a continuous basis, and to do so accurately, quickly, and securely. The effective functioning of JPMorgan Chase's operational systems depends on the quality of the information contained in those systems, as inaccurate, outdated, or corrupted data can significantly compromise the functionality or reliability of a particular system and other systems to which it transmits or from which it receives information. Additionally, JPMorgan Chase's operations depend on the competence and integrity of its employees and those of external parties, and its ability to operate its businesses efficiently and profitably is highly dependent on the competence and integrity of its employees, as well as employees of other parties on which JPMorgan Chase's operations rely, including vendors, custodians, and financial markets infrastructures. The ineffectiveness, failure, or other disruption of operational systems upon which JPMorgan Chase depends could result in unfavorable ripple effects in the financial markets and for JPMorgan Chase and its clients and customers, including delays or other disruptions in providing information, services, and liquidity to clients and customers. Furthermore, JPMorgan Chase's connections to external operational systems expose it to greater operational risks, as external operational systems can be sources of operational risk, and the widespread and expanding interconnectivity among financial institutions increases the risk that an operational failure at one institution may cause an industry-wide operational failure that could materially affect JPMorgan Chase's ability to conduct business. JPMorgan Chase's risk management framework may not be effective in identifying and mitigating every risk, and any inadequacy or lapse in its risk management framework could expose it to unexpected losses. The quality of JPMorgan Chase's data gathering and validation processes is critical to its risk management practices, and deficiencies in these processes could result in ineffective risk management practices and inaccurate risk reporting. In addition, JPMorgan Chase's businesses are subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny, and the results of regulatory investigations or examinations may lead to additional regulatory investigations or enforcement actions. The firm faces significant legal risks from private actions and formal and informal regulatory and government investigations, which could materially and adversely affect its business, financial condition, or results of operations. The competitive landscape in which JPMorgan Chase operates is rapidly evolving, with significant competition from other banks, financial institutions, trading firms, and technology companies. Technological advances and the growth of e-commerce have made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer products and services traditionally associated with banking. This environment requires JPMorgan Chase to adapt its products and services to attract and retain clients and customers, and to ensure compliance with laws and regulations that apply to the offering of products and services through new technologies. The firm must also continue to invest in its operational systems and infrastructure to maintain its competitive position and meet the changing expectations of clients and customers.