We use information technology and third-party service providers to support our global business processes and activities, including supporting critical business operations; communicating with our suppliers, customers, and employees; maintaining financial information and effective accounting processes and financial and disclosure controls; engaging in mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions; conducting research and development activities; meeting regulatory, legal, and tax requirements; and executing various digital marketing and consumer promotion activities. Our continuity of business applications and services has been, and may in the future be, disrupted by events such as infection by viruses or malware. Cybersecurity breaches of our or third-party systems may cause confidential information belonging to us or our employees, customers, consumers, partners, suppliers, or governmental or regulatory authorities to be misused or breached. We continue to devote focused resources to network security, backup and disaster recovery, upgrading systems and networks, enhanced training, and other security measures to protect our systems and data; however, security measures cannot provide absolute security or guarantee that we will be successful in preventing or responding to every breach or disruption on a timely basis. We depend on key information systems to accurately and efficiently transact our business, provide information to management, and prepare financial reports. We rely on third-party providers for a number of key information systems and business processing services, including hosting, collecting, storing, and transmitting our primary data center and processing various accounting and transactional services. If any of these third-party service providers or vendors do not perform effectively, or if we fail to adequately monitor their performance, we may have to incur additional costs to correct errors made by such service providers, our reputation could be harmed, or we could be subject to litigation, claims, legal or regulatory proceedings, inquiries, or investigations. The management of multiple third-party service providers increases operational complexity and decreases our control. Our information systems contain proprietary and other confidential information related to our business. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or telecommunications failures, processing errors, computer viruses, other security issues, or supplier defaults. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers, or other business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. We are also in the process of enhancing the monitoring and detection of threats in our environment. Our use of information technology and third-party service providers exposes us to cybersecurity breaches and other business disruptions that could adversely affect us. We depend on key information systems and third-party service providers for material aspects of our business. Our ability to manage and improve the performance of acquired businesses or brands and the success of our other investments and ventures will significantly impact our financial performance. If we do not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns, and other factors, our financial results could be negatively impacted. We may not effectively respond to changing consumer preferences, trends, health concerns, and other factors, which could impact our financial results.