Our business is dependent upon our operational systems to process a large amount of data and complex transactions. The various uses of these IT systems, networks, and services include, but are not limited to, controlling our pipelines and terminals with industrial control systems, collecting and storing information and data, processing transactions, and handling other processing necessary to manage our business. While we have implemented and maintain a cybersecurity program designed to protect our IT and data systems from such attacks, we can provide no assurance that our cybersecurity program will be effective. The risk of a disruption or breach of our operational systems, or the compromise of the data processed in connection with our operations, through an act of terrorism or cyber sabotage event has increased as attempted attacks have advanced in sophistication and number around the world. If any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. A significant failure, compromise, breach, or interruption in our systems, which may result from problems such as malware, computer viruses, hacking attempts, or third-party error or malfeasance, could result in a disruption of our operations, customer dissatisfaction, damage to our reputation, and a loss of customers or revenues. Efforts by us and our vendors to develop, implement, and maintain security measures, including malware and anti-virus software and controls, may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, and any network and information systems-related events could require us to expend significant resources to remedy such events. 

We face competition from other pipelines and terminals, as well as other forms of transportation and storage. Competition is a factor affecting our existing businesses and our ability to secure new project opportunities. Any current or future pipeline system or other form of transportation that delivers the products we handle into the areas that our pipelines serve could offer transportation services that are more desirable to shippers than those we provide because of price, location, facilities, or other factors. Likewise, competing terminals or other storage options may become more attractive to our customers. To the extent that competitors offer the markets we serve more desirable transportation or storage options, or customers opt to construct their own facilities for services previously provided by us, this could result in unused capacity on our pipelines and in our terminals. 

Our business, financial condition, and operating results may be affected adversely by increased costs of capital or a reduction in the availability of credit. Adverse changes to the availability, terms, and cost of capital, interest rates, or our credit ratings could cause our cost of doing business to increase by limiting our access to capital, including our ability to refinance maturities of existing indebtedness on similar terms, which could in turn reduce our cash flows and limit our ability to pursue acquisition or expansion opportunities. Our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial health and make us more vulnerable to adverse economic conditions. The acquisition of additional businesses and assets is part of our growth strategy. We may experience difficulties completing acquisitions or integrating new businesses and properties, and we may be unable to achieve the benefits we expect from any future acquisitions. 

We cannot predict the impact of future economic conditions, fuel conservation measures, alternative fuel requirements, governmental regulation, or technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices, all of which could reduce the production of and/or demand for the products we handle.