The digital evolution is changing consumers' behaviors, influencing the way consumers think, interact, and ultimately how they shop. We believe this evolution impacts every aspect of the Coca-Cola system and creates an opportunity to partner in different ways with our customers and re-engineer our supply chain and route-to-market. We rely on networks and information systems and other technology to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments, employee processes, consumer marketing, mergers and acquisitions, and research and development. Information systems are critical to many of the company's operating activities, and our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions, or security breaches. We continue to make investments in personnel, technologies, cyber insurance, and training of company personnel to address risks to our information systems. The company maintains an information risk management program which is supervised by information technology management and reviewed by a cross-functional committee. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales in the global market or in various local markets may be limited as a result of actions by competitors. Competitive pressures may cause us and our bottling partners to reduce prices we charge customers or may restrict our and our bottlers' ability to increase such prices in response to commodity and other cost increases. We must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other profitable categories in the nonalcoholic beverage segment of the commercial beverage industry. If we are unable to implement programs focused on economic opportunity and environmental sustainability to address agricultural challenges, our ability to source raw materials for use in our manufacturing processes could be negatively impacted. We have rigorous product safety and quality standards, which we expect our operations as well as our bottling partners to meet. However, despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality, we or our bottling partners may not always meet these standards, particularly as we expand our product offerings through innovation or acquisitions. We believe that our future success will depend in part on our ability to adapt to and thrive in the digital environment. Therefore, one of our top priorities is to digitize the Coca-Cola system by creating more relevant and personalized experiences wherever our system interacts with consumers, whether in a digital environment or through digital devices in an otherwise physical environment. If we are not successful in our efforts to digitize the Coca-Cola system, our ability to increase sales and reduce costs may be negatively affected. Our management has identified certain challenges and risks that demand attention, including the need to continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation in order to compete in a digital environment. We are committed to meeting evolving consumer preferences and generating new growth through our portfolio of more than 500 brands and more than 4,700 beverage products, including new product offerings, innovative and sustainable packaging, and ingredient education efforts. Our company faces strong competition from well-established global companies as well as numerous regional and local companies, and we must continuously strengthen our capabilities in marketing and innovation to maintain our brand loyalty and market share while we selectively expand into other profitable categories.