Our business is increasingly dependent on information technology systems that are complex and vital to continuing operations, resulting in an expansion of our technological presence and corresponding risk exposure. We must anticipate and meet evolving customer preferences and continue to implement technology, software, and processes to fulfill customer orders conveniently and cost-effectively. If we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant customer-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. Our continued investment in our information technology systems may not effectively insulate us from potential attacks, breaches, or disruptions to our business operations, which could result in a loss of customers or business information, negative publicity, damage to our reputation, and exposure to claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, and other persons. Cyber-attackers may attempt to access information stored in our or our vendors' systems in order to misappropriate confidential customer or business information. Although we have implemented procedures to protect our information, we cannot be certain that our security systems will successfully defend against rapidly evolving, increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks. Data governance failures can adversely affect our reputation and business. Our business depends on our customers' willingness to entrust us with their personal information. Events that adversely affect that trust, including inadequate disclosure to our customers of our uses of their information, failing to keep our information technology systems secure from significant attack, theft, damage, loss, or unauthorized disclosure, could adversely affect our brand and reputation and operating results. Our technology systems are vulnerable to disruption from circumstances beyond our control. Compliance with privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. The costs of attempting to protect against the foregoing risks and the costs of responding to cyber-attacks are significant. We are continuing to enhance the customer connection with investments in our competitive moats of today and our competitive moat of tomorrow, the seamless ecosystem we are building. Our technology infrastructure supports our strategic resource allocation and operational flexibility. We believe our Restock Kroger plan provides a balanced approach that will enable us to meet the wide-ranging needs and expectations of our customers. Our investments in technology are essential components of our overall strategy to drive long-term sustainable growth. We are committed to maintaining our net debt to adjusted EBITDA range to keep our current investment-grade debt rating, which reflects our focus on operational efficiency and strategic management practices. Our digital revenue has grown significantly, driven by our investments in technology and the development of our digital ecosystem. We recognize that the effective deployment of technology capabilities is crucial for enhancing our competitive advantage and ensuring our organizational effectiveness in a rapidly changing market environment.