Mastercard is a technology company in the global payments industry that connects consumers, financial institutions, merchants, governments, digital partners, businesses, and other organizations worldwide, enabling them to use electronic forms of payment instead of cash and checks. Our payment solutions offer customers choice and flexibility and are designed to ensure safety and security for the global payments system. We are devoting substantial resources to defending our right to establish interchange rates in regulatory proceedings, litigation, and legislative activity. The potential outcome of any of these activities could have a more positive or negative impact on us relative to our competitors. As the payments industry continues to develop and change, we face disintermediation and related risks, including parties that process our transactions in certain countries trying to eliminate our position as an intermediary in the payment process. Our ability to develop and adopt new services and technologies may be inhibited by industry-wide solutions and standards, as well as by resistance from customers or merchants to such changes. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information and technology in our computer systems and networks, as well as the systems of our third-party providers. Information security risks for payments and technology companies such as ours have significantly increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, and other external parties. We continue to develop integrated and personalized products and services to meet the needs of a changing marketplace, as well as acquire new companies, which may amplify the impact of regulations related to privacy and data security on our business. Our ability to keep pace technologically could negatively impact the willingness of customers to work with us and could encourage them to use their own technology and compete against us. We rely on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies. The inability of these companies to keep pace with technological developments could negatively impact our offerings. We have received, and may in the future receive, notices or inquiries from patent holders suggesting that we may be infringing certain patents or that we need to license the use of their patents to avoid infringement. Our ability to develop new technologies and reflect technological changes in our payments offerings will require resources, which may result in additional expenses. The complexity of our payment technology requires careful management to address security vulnerabilities that are different from those faced on our core network. Our failure to render integrated products and services could make our other integrated products and services less desirable to customers or put us at a competitive disadvantage. The risks described above could materially adversely affect our overall business and results of operations. As cyber-threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. Information security incidents or account data compromise events could disrupt our business, damage our reputation, increase our costs, and cause losses.