Our business could be materially affected by risks that we have not yet identified or that we currently consider to be immaterial. We are subject to extensive, complex and challenging healthcare and other laws. Our industry is highly regulated, and further regulation of our distribution businesses and technology products and services could impose increased costs, negatively impact our profit margins and the profit margins of our customers, delay the introduction or implementation of our new products, or otherwise negatively impact our business and expose the company to litigation and regulatory investigations. We rely on sophisticated information systems and networks to perform our business operations, such as to obtain, rapidly process, analyze and manage data that facilitate the purchase and distribution of thousands of inventory items from distribution centers. If those information systems are unsuccessfully implemented, fail, suffer errors or interruptions, or become unavailable, it might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations and our financial position or results of operations. We experience cybersecurity incidents and might experience significant computer system compromises or data breaches. Cyber incidents include actual or attempted unauthorized access, tampering, malware insertion, ransomware attacks or other system integrity events. The risk of cyber incidents may be increased while many of our personnel are working remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic. A cybersecurity incident might involve a material data breach or other material impact to the integrity and operations of these computer systems, which might result in litigation or regulatory action, loss of customers or revenue, increased expense, any of which might have a materially adverse impact on our business operations, reputation and our financial position or results of operations. We might not realize expected benefits from business process initiatives. We may implement restructuring, cost reduction or other business process initiatives that might result in extraordinary charges and expenses, failures to achieve our desired objectives, or unintended consequences such as distraction of our management and employees, business disruption, attrition beyond any planned reduction in workforce, inability to attract or retain key personnel and reduced employee productivity. Our growth strategy includes consummating acquisitions or other business combinations that either expand or complement our business. Achieving the desired outcomes of business combinations involves significant risks including: diverting management's attention from other business operations; challenges with assimilating the acquired businesses, such as integration of operations and systems; failure or delay in realizing operating synergies; difficulty retaining key acquired company personnel; unanticipated accounting or financial systems issues with the acquired business, which might affect our internal controls over financial reporting; unanticipated compliance issues in the acquired business; challenges retaining customers of the acquired business; unanticipated expenses or charges to earnings, including depreciation and amortization or potential impairment charges; and risks of known and unknown assumed liabilities in the acquired business. We are subject to various claims, including claims with customers and vendors, pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. When a loss is considered probable and reasonably estimable, we record a liability in the amount of our best estimate for the ultimate loss. However, the likelihood of a loss with respect to a particular contingency is often difficult to predict and determining a meaningful estimate of the loss or a range of loss may not be practicable based on the information available and the potential effect of future events and decisions by third parties that will determine the ultimate resolution of the contingency. We believe that our operating cash flow, financial assets and current access to capital and credit markets, including our existing credit facilities, will give us the ability to meet our financing needs for the foreseeable future.