Moody's operates in a highly regulated industry and is subject to extensive regulation by federal, state, and local authorities in the U.S., including the reform act and the financial reform act. These regulations are complex, continually evolving, and have tended to become more stringent over time. The company's compliance and efforts to mitigate the risk of fines, penalties, or other sanctions can result in significant expenses. Moody's faces risks related to protecting its intellectual property rights, which are considered proprietary. Failure to protect the company's intellectual property adequately could harm its reputation and affect the company's ability to compete effectively. The company's operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of information relating to its business operations and confidential and sensitive information about its customers and employees. The cyber risks the company faces range from cyber-attacks common to most industries to more advanced threats that target the company because of its prominence in the global marketplace. Breaches of Moody's or its vendors' technology and systems may result in manipulation or corruption of sensitive data, material interruptions or malfunctions in the company's websites, applications, data processing, or disruption of other business operations. The company has invested and continues to invest in risk management and information security measures to protect its systems and data, including employee training, disaster plans, and technical defenses. The company relies on third-party providers, including cloud-based service providers, to provide certain essential services. While the company believes that such providers are reliable, it has limited control over their performance. The company's ability to conduct business may be materially and adversely impacted by a disruption in the infrastructure that supports its businesses. Moody's ability to comply with applicable laws and regulations, including anti-corruption laws, is largely dependent on its establishment and maintenance of compliance, review, and reporting systems, as well as its ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and risk management personnel. The company faces exposure to litigation and government regulatory proceedings related to its ratings actions and other business practices. The introduction of competing products or technologies by other companies can negatively impact the nature and economics of the company's business. The markets for credit ratings, research, credit risk management services, and financial training and certification services are highly competitive and characterized by rapid technological change, changes in customer demands, and evolving regulatory requirements. The ability to develop and successfully launch and maintain innovative products and technologies that anticipate customers' changing requirements is a key factor in maintaining market share. The company faces increased pricing pressure from competitors and/or customers, and competition for customers and market share has spurred more aggressive tactics by some competitors in areas such as pricing and services. The company is exposed to risks related to its compliance and risk management programs, and its policies and procedures to identify, evaluate, and manage the company's risks may not be fully effective. The company's ability to attract, retain, and motivate highly skilled, experienced financial analysts and other professionals is critical to its success, and competition for skilled individuals in the financial services industry is intense.