Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we fail to retain existing users or add new users, or if our users decrease their level of engagement with our products, our revenue, financial results, and business may be significantly harmed. Our financial performance has been and will continue to be significantly determined by our success in adding, retaining, and engaging active users of our products. If people do not perceive our products to be useful, reliable, and trustworthy, we may not be able to attract or retain users or maintain or increase their engagement. User engagement patterns have changed over time, and user engagement can be difficult to measure. Factors that can negatively affect user retention, growth, and engagement include users increasingly engaging with competitive products, our failure to introduce new features that users find engaging, and technical problems that prevent us from delivering our products effectively. Our advertising revenue is dependent on targeting and measurement tools that incorporate data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control. Changes to the regulatory environment, third-party mobile operating systems, and our own products have impacted, and will continue to impact, the availability of such signals, adversely affecting our advertising revenue. We rely on data signals from user activity on websites and services that we do not control to deliver relevant and effective ads to our users. Our user growth, engagement, and monetization on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, technologies, products, and standards that we do not control. Any changes, bugs, or technical issues in such systems could adversely affect the usage of our products and monetization on mobile devices. We compete with companies that sell advertising and provide social, media, and communication products and services designed to engage users on mobile devices and online. Our ability to compete effectively depends upon factors such as the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance, and reliability of our products compared to our competitors' products, as well as our ability to monetize our products. Our business is highly competitive, and we face significant competition in every aspect of our business. We may not be able to successfully maintain or grow usage of and engagement with mobile and web applications that integrate with our products. Our ability to retain, increase, and engage our user base and to increase our revenue depends heavily on our ability to continue to evolve our existing products and create successful new products. We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations relating to cybersecurity and data protection, which require significant operational resources and modifications to our business practices. Our ongoing privacy compliance and oversight efforts will require significant investments and may adversely affect our ability to develop and launch new features, products, and services in a timely manner. Our business is dependent on our ability to maintain and scale our technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in our service could damage our reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect our financial results. We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure, and we plan to continue to expand the size of our infrastructure. Unanticipated delays in the completion of these projects may lead to increased project costs or interruptions in the delivery of our products. Our products and internal systems rely on software and hardware that is highly technical, and if these systems contain errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities, our business could be adversely affected.