The company employs information technology systems to support its business, including ongoing phased implementation of an ERP system as part of business transformation on a worldwide basis over the next several years. Security breaches and other disruptions to the company's information technology infrastructure could interfere with the company's operations, compromise information belonging to the company or its customers, suppliers, and employees, exposing the company to liability which could adversely impact the company's business and reputation. In the ordinary course of business, the company relies on centralized and local information technology networks and systems, some of which are managed by third parties, to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of businesses. The company has access to confidential or personal information in certain of its businesses that is subject to privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls. Despite cybersecurity measures, the company's information technology networks and infrastructure are still potentially vulnerable to damage, disruptions, or shutdowns due to attacks by hackers, breaches, employee error or malfeasance, power outages, computer viruses, ransomware, telecommunication or utility failures, systems failures, service or cloud provider breaches, natural disasters, or other catastrophic events. The company is increasing its investment in manufacturing and sourcing capability in order to more closely align its product capability with its sales in major geographic areas. The company utilizes various tools, such as lean six sigma, and engages in ongoing global business transformation, defined as changes in processes and internal/external service delivery across 3M to move to more efficient business models to improve operational efficiency and productivity. Business transformation is enabled by the ongoing multi-year phased implementation of an enterprise resource planning (ERP) system. The company's future results may be affected by its operational execution, including scenarios where the company generates fewer productivity improvements than estimated. The company monitors its business portfolio and organizational structure and has made and may continue to make acquisitions, strategic alliances, divestitures, and changes to its organizational structure. The company's growth objectives are largely dependent on the timing and market acceptance of its new product offerings, including its ability to continually renew its pipeline of new products and to bring those products to market. This ability is subject to difficulties or delays in product development, such as the inability to identify viable new products, obtain adequate intellectual property protection, or gain market acceptance of new products. The company faces competitive conditions and customer preferences that affect demand for its products, impacting revenue and profit margins. Changes in the business environment related to disruptive technologies, such as artificial intelligence, blockchain, expanded analytics, and other enhanced learnings from increasing volumes of available data, may also influence the company's performance. The company is committed to investing in information technology capabilities that enhance its operational efficiency, support business processes, and align with strategic resource allocation to drive competitive advantage and market responsiveness.