We rely on the performance of our information technology systems, and the interruption or failure of any information technology system, including an interruption or failure due to a cybersecurity breach, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are heavily dependent on our information technology systems, including our network infrastructure and cloud applications, for the safe and effective operation of our business. We rely on such systems to process, transmit and store electronic information, including financial records and personally identifiable information such as employee, customer, investor and payroll data, and to manage or support a variety of business processes, including our supply chain, pipeline operations, gathering and processing operations, retail sales, credit card payments and authorizations at our retail outlets, financial transactions, banking and numerous other processes and transactions. Our systems and infrastructure are subject to damage or interruption from a number of potential sources including natural disasters, malware, power failures, cyber-attacks and other events. We also face various other cybersecurity threats from criminal hackers, state-sponsored intrusion, industrial espionage and employee malfeasance, including threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or to render data or systems unusable. Our cybersecurity protections, infrastructure protection technologies, disaster recovery plans and employee training may not be sufficient to defend us against all unauthorized attempts to access our information. Any cybersecurity incident could result in theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential financial and other data, intellectual property, customer awards or loyalty points; give rise to remediation or other expenses; expose us to liability under federal and state laws; reduce our customers' willingness to do business with us; disrupt the services we provide to customers; and subject us to litigation and legal liability under federal and state laws. Competition in our industry is intense, and very aggressive competition could adversely impact our business. We compete with a broad range of refining and marketing companies, including certain multinational oil companies. Competitors with integrated operations with exploration and production resources and broader access to resources may be better able to withstand volatile market conditions and to bear the risks inherent in the refining industry. We also face strong competition in the market for the retail sale of transportation fuels and merchandise. Our competitors include outlets owned or operated by fully integrated major oil companies or their dealers or jobbers, and other well-recognized national or regional retail outlets, often selling transportation fuels and merchandise at very competitive prices. These activities by our competitors could pressure us to offer similar discounts, adversely affecting our profit margins. Additionally, the loss of market share by our convenience stores to these and other retailers relating to either transportation fuels or merchandise could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. Uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards, including explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, cybersecurity breaches or other incidents involving our assets or operations, could reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We continuously evaluate our capital plan and make changes as conditions warrant. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the Andeavor acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than expected, may require more non-recurring costs and expenditures to realize than expected or could have other adverse effects. Our operations consist of three reportable operating segments: refining & marketing, retail and midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services they offer.