We are dependent on third parties to supply data, applications, and services for our products and services and rely on the accuracy and quality of vendor products and the ability and willingness of such suppliers to deliver, support, enhance, and develop new vendor products on a timely and cost-effective basis. Any failures, disruptions, instability, or vulnerabilities in our information technology architecture, platforms, production and delivery systems, software, code, internal network, or other systems or applications may cause our products to be unavailable or fail. We depend heavily on the capacity, reliability, and security of our information technology systems and platforms to create and deliver our products and service our clients. Our ability to effectively use the internet may also be impaired due to infrastructure failures, service outages at third-party internet providers, or increased government regulation. Disruptions, failures, or slowdowns that could occur with respect to our operations, including to our information technology systems and platforms, could damage our brand and reputation, result in litigation, and negatively affect our ability to distribute our products effectively and to service our clients. We rely on a complex system of internal processes and software controls along with policies, procedures, and training to protect data that we receive in the ordinary course of business, including sensitive and confidential client data. Successful cyber-attacks and the failure of cybersecurity systems and procedures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and other types of data and information, and on those of our third-party vendors. Our use of mobile and cloud technologies may increase our risk for such threats. The company may be exposed to more targeted and sophisticated cyber-attacks aimed at accessing certain information on our systems. Any such threats may cause material interruptions or malfunctions in our or our vendors' products or services, networks, systems, websites, applications, data, or data processing, or may otherwise compromise the availability, confidentiality, or integrity of data or information in our possession. Our growth strategy includes improving access to our solutions through cutting-edge technology and platforms and executing strategic relationships and acquisitions with complementary content and technology companies. The development, maintenance, and support of our products and services are dependent upon the knowledge, skills, experience, and abilities of our employees. Accordingly, we believe the success of our business depends to a significant extent upon the continued service of our executives and other key employees. Our business may be affected by changes in the global capital markets, including adverse equity market conditions, volatility in the financial markets, and evolving investment trends. Our clients use our products for a variety of investment objectives, including benchmarking and portfolio construction. We must continually introduce new products and services, enhance existing products and services, including through integration of products and services within MSCI and with third-party platforms, and effectively generate customer demand for new and upgraded products and services. We may not be successful in developing, introducing, implementing, marketing, pricing, launching, or licensing new products or enhancements on a timely or cost-effective basis or without impacting the stability and efficiency of existing products and systems. Our ability to achieve the expected returns and synergies from our past and future acquisitions and strategic partnerships depends, in part, upon our ability to effectively integrate the offerings, technology, sales, administrative functions, and personnel of these businesses into our operations.