We are subject to laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and information security, and our actual or perceived failure to comply with such legal obligations could adversely affect our business. A security breach or other significant disruption of our IT systems, those of our outsource partners, suppliers, or those we manufacture, install, and in some cases operate and maintain for our customers, caused by cyber attack or other means, could have a negative impact on our operations, sales, and operating results. All information technology systems are potentially vulnerable to damage, unauthorized access, or interruption from a variety of sources, including cyber attacks, cyber intrusions, computer viruses, and natural disasters. We face additional risk as a target of sophisticated attacks aimed at compromising both our company's and our customers' sensitive information and intellectual property. While we employ a number of countermeasures and security controls, including training, audits, and utilization of commercial information security threat-sharing networks to protect against such attacks, the sophistication of these threats continues to grow. We cannot guarantee that all threat attempts will be successfully thwarted even with these countermeasures despite significant investment and focus on the security of our products, services, and corporate environment. If we fail to effectively manage our investment in cybersecurity, our business, products, and services could suffer from the resulting weaknesses in our infrastructure, systems, or controls. Our company outsources certain business operations, including IT, and we are dependent upon our outsourced business partners, suppliers, and customers to adequately protect our IT systems. A cyber attack or other significant disruption involving our IT systems or those of our outsource partners, suppliers, or our customers could result in the unauthorized release of proprietary, confidential, or sensitive information. Such unauthorized access to or release of this information could allow others to unfairly compete with us, compromise safety or security, and damage our reputation. We rely extensively on our information systems to manage our business operations, and our systems are subject to damage or interruption from various sources. If our systems are damaged, fail to function properly, or otherwise become compromised or unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our business and operating results. As we have outsourced more of our business operations, we have increased our dependence on the IT systems of our outsourced business partners, which are not under our direct management or control. Any disruption to either those outsourced systems or the communication links between Motorola Solutions and the outsourced supplier may negatively impact our ability to manufacture, distribute, or repair products. We envision a future in which artificial intelligence operating in our products and services will help our public safety and private sector customers build safer communities with stronger communication platforms. However, current or future privacy-related legislation and governmental regulations pertaining to artificial intelligence may affect how our business is conducted and may require us to change our current products and services, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.