Our operations could also be affected by other factors that are presently unknown to us or not considered significant. We face intense competition in the semiconductor memory and storage markets from a number of companies, including large corporations or conglomerates that may have greater resources to invest in technology, capitalize on growth opportunities, and withstand downturns in the semiconductor markets in which we compete. Our competitors generally seek to increase wafer capacity, improve yields, and reduce die size in their product designs which may result in significant increases in worldwide supply and downward pressure on prices. We must make significant capital investments in manufacturing technology, capital equipment, facilities, R&D, and product and process technology to develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality. Our cash flows from operations depend primarily on the volume of semiconductor memory and storage products sold, average selling prices, and manufacturing costs. We estimate that capital expenditures in 2020 for property, plant, and equipment, net of partner contributions, will be approximately $7 billion to $8 billion, focused on technology transitions and product enablement. Our business and the markets we serve are subject to rapid technological changes and material fluctuations in demand based on end-user preferences. Our inability to maintain or improve gross margins could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We may experience fluctuations in our customer base or the mix of revenue by customer as markets and strategies evolve. Our inability to meet our customers' requirements or to qualify our products with them could adversely impact our revenue. The competitive nature of our industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We are developing new products, including system-level memory and storage products and solutions, which complement our traditional products or leverage their underlying design or process technology. Our development of system-level memory and storage products is dependent, in part, upon successfully identifying and meeting our customers' specifications for those products. If we fail to identify or develop products on a timely basis, or at all, that comply with our customers' specifications or achieve design wins with our customers, we may experience a significant adverse impact on our revenues and margins. Our future success depends on our ability to develop and produce competitive new memory and storage technologies. We may face technological barriers to continue to shrink our products at our current or historical rate, which has generally reduced per-unit cost. Our key semiconductor memory and storage products and technologies face technological barriers to continue to meet long-term customer needs. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows or obtain access to external financing necessary to fund our operations, make scheduled debt payments, and make adequate capital investments. Our inability to do any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our operations are dependent on our ability to procure advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment that enables the transition to lower cost manufacturing processes. Our inability to obtain advanced semiconductor manufacturing equipment in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition. We maintain a system of controls over the physical security of our facilities. We also manage and store various proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data relating to our operations. Breaches of our physical security and attacks on our network systems could result in significant losses and damage our reputation with customers and suppliers and may expose us to litigation if the confidential information of our customers, suppliers, or employees is compromised.