We are dependent upon information technology and operational technology systems in the conduct of our operations. Our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks from a variety of sources, including, without limitation, malware, computer viruses, cyber threats, extortion, employee error, malfeasance, security breaches, cyber-attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Cybersecurity risk is increasingly difficult to identify and quantify and cannot be fully mitigated because of the rapidly evolving nature of the threats, targets and consequences. Additionally, unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our third-party service providers, employees or vendors. We have experienced attempts by external parties to compromise our networks and systems. Although such attempts to date have not resulted in any material breaches, disruptions, or loss of business-critical information, our systems and procedures for preparing and protecting against such attempts and mitigating such risks may prove to be insufficient against future attacks. Any future material compromise or breach of our IT systems could have an adverse impact on our business and operations, including damage to our reputation and competitiveness, remediation costs, litigation or regulatory actions. Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions. Outages in our operational technology may affect operations related to health and safety and could result in putting lives at risk of harm or death. In addition, as technologies evolve and these cybersecurity attacks become more sophisticated, we may incur significant costs to upgrade or enhance our security measures to protect against such attacks and we may face difficulties in fully anticipating or implementing adequate preventive measures or mitigating potential harm, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, competitive position, financial condition or results of operations. We review our cybersecurity controls against current industry threats and partner with security vendors to assist with protecting our network and data resources through activities such as penetration and vulnerability testing, assessments against current cybersecurity standards, and leveraging industry recommendations from both independent vendors as well as industry partners. These efforts are designed to address any remediation actions through our ongoing cybersecurity program. Such efforts may incur significant costs and yet prove insufficient to deter future cybersecurity attacks or prevent all security breaches. We could also be adversely affected by system or network disruptions if new or upgraded information technology systems are defective, not installed properly or not properly integrated into our operations. System modification failures could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations and could, if not successfully implemented, adversely impact the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. We are also reliant on information technology systems for the management of our operational processes and data analytics to enhance decision-making speed and accuracy. The integration of advanced technologies into our operations is essential for maintaining competitive advantage and operational efficiency.