Our ability to provide our members with compelling content choices, effectively market our service, as well as provide a quality experience for selecting and viewing TV series and movies, is critical to attracting and retaining members. The market for entertainment video is intensely competitive and subject to rapid change, with various economic models underlying distribution channels that include subscription, transactional, ad-supported, and piracy-based models. The competitive landscape includes traditional providers of entertainment video, such as broadcasters and cable network operators, as well as internet-based e-commerce or entertainment video providers. These competitors may secure better terms from suppliers, adopt more aggressive pricing, and devote more resources to product development, technology, infrastructure, content acquisitions, and marketing. If we are unable to successfully compete with current and new competitors, our business will be adversely affected, and we may not be able to increase or maintain market share, revenues, or profitability. We are expanding our operations internationally and scaling our streaming service to effectively and reliably handle anticipated growth in both members and features related to our service. As we scale our streaming service, we are developing technology and utilizing third-party "cloud" computing services. We rely upon Amazon Web Services to operate certain aspects of our service, and any disruption of or interference with our use of AWS would impact our operations and our business would be adversely impacted. We have built our own global content delivery network to help us efficiently stream a high volume of content to our members over the internet. Streaming delivery expenses include equipment costs related to our content delivery network, payroll and related personnel expenses, and all third-party costs associated with delivering streaming content over the internet. We utilize a combination of proprietary and third-party technology to operate our business, including technology that we have developed to recommend and merchandise content to our consumers as well as enable fast and efficient delivery of content to our members. If our technology or that of third parties we utilize in our operations fails or operates improperly, our ability to operate our service, retain existing members, and add new members may be impaired. Furthermore, any significant disruption in or unauthorized access to our computer systems or those of third parties that we utilize in our operations could result in a loss or degradation of service, unauthorized disclosure of data, or theft of intellectual property, which could adversely impact our business. Our reputation and ability to attract, retain, and serve our members is dependent upon the reliable performance and security of our computer systems. We have implemented certain systems and processes to thwart hackers and protect our data and systems, but the techniques used to gain unauthorized access to data and software are constantly evolving. Our computer systems and those of third parties we use in our operations are subject to cybersecurity threats, including cyber-attacks and similar disruptions. Any attempt by hackers to obtain our data or disrupt our service, if successful, could harm our business and damage our reputation. We are subject to payment processing risk, and our reliance on internal systems as well as those of third parties to process payments may impact our revenue, operating expenses, and results of operations. The long-term and fixed cost nature of our content commitments may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our liquidity and results of operations.