We rely on information technology networks and systems, including the internet, to process, transmit and store electronic information and to manage or support a variety of our business processes, including financial transactions and maintenance of records, which may include personal identifying information. Although we have taken steps to protect the security of the data maintained in our information systems, our security measures may not be able to prevent the systems' improper functioning, or the theft of intellectual property, personal information, or personal property, such as in the event of cyber-attacks. Any failure to maintain proper function, security and availability of our information systems could interrupt our operations, result in theft of company assets, damage our reputation, subject us to liability claims and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We face competition in the acquisition and operation of our properties, and some of these competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting our existing or potential tenants, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our ability to attract new tenants, re-lease space, collect rent or renew leases, which could adversely affect our cash flow from operations and inhibit growth. Our cash flow from operations depends in part on our ability to lease space to tenants on economically favorable terms. We may be adversely affected by various facts and events over which we have limited or no control, such as lack of demand in areas where our properties are located, inability to retain existing tenants and attract new tenants, oversupply of space and changes in market rental rates, declines in our tenants' creditworthiness and ability to pay rent, defaults by and bankruptcies of tenants, and deterioration of physical condition of our properties. Furthermore, the occurrence of a tenant bankruptcy or insolvency could diminish the income we receive from the tenant's lease or leases. We rely on information technology in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, interruption or security failure of that technology could harm our business. We have made and may continue to make selected acquisitions of properties that fall outside our historical focus on freestanding, single-tenant, net lease locations. We may be exposed to a variety of new risks by expanding into new property types and properties leased to tenants engaged in non-retail businesses, including risks resulting from our limited experience in managing, underwriting and assessing risks related to such properties or understanding the market dynamics applicable to such properties, tenants or lease structures, any of which could also have a significant adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial position and/or results of operations. We are subject to risks associated with debt and capital stock financing, and our ability to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock and payments on our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. The market value of our capital stock and debt securities could be substantially affected by various factors, including prevailing interest rates, general economic, political and financial market conditions, and changes in legal and regulatory taxation obligations. We depend on the efforts of our executive officers and key employees, and the loss of their services could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Our business operations may not generate the cash needed to make distributions on our capital stock or to service our indebtedness. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to make distributions on our common stock and preferred stock, to pay our indebtedness, or to fund our other liquidity needs.