We operate in rapidly changing economic and technological environments that present numerous risks, many of which are driven by factors that we cannot control or predict. Our success depends upon our ability to develop new products and services, integrate acquired products and services, and enhance our existing products and services. Rapid technological advances, intense competition, changing delivery models, and evolving standards in computer hardware and software development characterize the industries in which we compete. If we are unable to develop new or sufficiently differentiated products and services or enhance and improve our product offerings in a timely manner, customers may not purchase or subscribe to our offerings. We have continued to refresh and release new offerings of our cloud products and services, including the launch of the Oracle Autonomous Data Warehouse Cloud Service, which offers automation based on machine learning. Machine learning and artificial intelligence are increasingly driving innovations in technology, but if they fail to operate as anticipated, our business and reputation may be harmed. Our Oracle Cloud strategy, including our Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) and Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) offerings, may adversely affect our revenues and profitability. We provide our cloud and other offerings to customers worldwide via deployment models that best suit their needs. As these business models continue to evolve, we may not be able to compete effectively or maintain the profitability of our cloud offerings. Additionally, the increasing prevalence of cloud and SaaS delivery models may unfavorably impact the pricing of our cloud and license offerings. If we do not successfully execute our cloud computing strategy or anticipate the cloud computing needs of our customers, our reputation as a cloud services provider could be harmed. Customers generally purchase our cloud offerings on a subscription basis, and revenues from these offerings are generally recognized ratably over the terms of the subscriptions. Consequently, any deterioration in sales activity associated with our cloud offerings may not be immediately observable in our consolidated statement of operations. We have also acquired a number of cloud computing companies, and the integration of these companies into our Oracle Cloud strategy may not be as efficient or scalable as anticipated. We may experience significant coding, manufacturing, or configuration errors in our cloud, license, and hardware offerings. Errors in our offerings could affect their ability to function, integrate, or operate with other cloud, license, or hardware offerings, delay the development or release of new products, create security vulnerabilities, and adversely affect market acceptance. If our security measures are compromised, our products and services may be perceived as vulnerable, damaging our brand and reputation, which could reduce our revenue and earnings. We are in the IT business, and our products and services store, retrieve, manipulate, and manage our customers' information and data. We have invested significantly in protecting the integrity and security of our products, services, and the data we manage. However, we face risks from third parties attempting to exploit vulnerabilities in our systems. Our internal IT systems continue to evolve, and we may not discover any security breach for a significant period. Our products operate in conjunction with and are dependent on products across a broad ecosystem, and security vulnerabilities in these components could lead to increased costs, liability claims, and customer dissatisfaction. As regulatory focus on privacy issues increases, potential risks related to data collection and use within our business will intensify. We believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities will be sufficient to meet our working capital, capital expenditures, and contractual obligation requirements.