We rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our customers. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or other catastrophic events. If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. Such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, we have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum. Our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price for most of the product lines we offer. We believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth, the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and overnight access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broad selection of product offerings with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance and our continued focus on serving both DIY and professional service provider customers. Our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning, and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. We cannot be sure that our growth plans for 2020 and beyond will be achieved. Our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. Many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. The automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Our management's attention may be distracted by acquisitions, and we may fail to retain key personnel from acquired businesses. We may not be able to successfully integrate the operations of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational and other benefits. We cannot assure future growth will be achieved. Our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. We must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. We believe that our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand is crucial to our continued success. Our business involves the storage of information about our customers, suppliers, team members and the company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. If we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to damage to our reputation, additional costs, lost sales, litigation or possible regulatory action. The regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is constantly evolving, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs.