The company relies on information technology systems and networks to process, transmit and store electronic information, and to manage or support a variety of its business processes and activities. These computer systems and networks may be subject to disruptions during the process of upgrading or replacing software, databases or components; power outages; hardware failures; computer viruses; or outside parties attempting to disrupt the company's business or gain unauthorized access to the company's electronic data. The company maintains and continues to invest in protections to guard against such events. Examples of these protections include conducting third-party penetration tests, implementing software detection and prevention tools, event monitoring, and disaster recoverability. Additionally, the company maintains a cybersecurity insurance policy. Despite these safeguards, there remains a risk of system disruptions, unauthorized access and data loss. If the company's computer systems were to be damaged, disrupted or breached, it could impact data availability and integrity, result in a theft of the company's intellectual property or lead to unauthorized disclosure of confidential information of the company's customers, suppliers and employees. Security breaches could also result in a violation of U.S. and international privacy and other laws and subject the company to various litigations and governmental proceedings. These events could have an adverse impact on the company's results of operations and financial condition, damage its reputation, disrupt operations and negatively impact competitiveness in the marketplace. The company is investing for long-term growth in digital services and next-generation manufacturing and distribution capabilities. Capital investments in 2020 are expected to be $625 to $675 million, and research and development is expected to be $310 to $340 million. The company is focused on enhancing its operational efficiency and effectiveness through investments in technology resources and capabilities that support business strategies. The company opened global embedded software centers to accelerate embedded software development and connected vehicle solutions to benefit customers' operating efficiency. The company continues to add global distribution capacity to deliver industry-leading aftermarket parts availability to customers. The company's financial services segment derives its earnings primarily from financing or leasing Paccar products, which is supported by its technology infrastructure and operational capabilities. The company conducts business in certain countries which have been experiencing significant financial stress and routinely monitors its financial exposure to global financial conditions, global counterparties and operating environments. The company believes its cash balances and investments, collections on existing finance receivables, committed bank facilities, and current investment-grade credit ratings will continue to provide it with sufficient resources and access to capital markets at competitive interest rates, thus contributing to the company maintaining its liquidity and financial stability. The company's IT capabilities are critical in transforming its operations and enhancing its competitive positioning in the marketplace, as they enable the effective support of business needs and the mobilization of IT-based resources in combination with other strategic resources.