The operation of our generating stations is subject to market risks that are beyond our control, including fluctuations in wholesale power and natural gas markets, which could negatively affect our financial condition and results of operations. We must coordinate our fuel supply arrangements with transportation agreements, balancing agreements, and storage services to ensure that natural gas and nuclear fuel are delivered to our power plants in a manner that meets the needs of our generation portfolio and our customers. Significant changes in the price of natural gas and nuclear fuel could affect our future results and impact our liquidity needs. The introduction or expansion of technologies related to energy generation, distribution, and consumption, as well as changes in customer usage patterns, could adversely impact us. The power generation business has seen substantial changes in the technologies used to produce power, with newer generation facilities often being more efficient than aging facilities. Federal and state incentives for the development and production of renewable sources of power have facilitated the penetration of competing technologies, such as wind, solar, and commercial-sized power storage. Technological advances driven by federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use electric devices could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. The continued development of subsidized, competing power generation technologies and significant development of demand-side management and energy efficiency programs could alter the market and price structure for power generation, resulting in reduced load requirements and negatively impacting our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our business plan is designed to achieve growth while managing risks associated with regulatory changes, fluctuating commodity prices, and changes in customer demand. We continue to invest in transmission infrastructure to maintain and enhance system integrity and grid reliability, leveraging technology to improve the operation of the system. Our planned capital spending for transmission is significant, and we strive to improve performance and reduce costs to optimize cash flow generation from our fleet. We emphasize operational performance while developing opportunities in both our competitive and regulated businesses. Our efficient combined cycle gas units have benefited our capacity factor across the natural gas fleet and were readily available to operate when needed. We face significant competition in the wholesale energy and capacity markets, and our wholesale power and marketing businesses are subject to significant competition that may adversely affect our ability to make investments or sales on favorable terms. Cybersecurity threats to the U.S. energy market infrastructure are increasing in sophistication, magnitude, and frequency. We rely on information technology systems that utilize sophisticated digital systems and network infrastructure to operate our generation and transmission and distribution systems. Cybersecurity impacts to our operations include disruptions of the operation of our assets, the fuel supply chain, and the power grid, as well as theft of confidential information. We and our third-party vendors have been and likely will continue to be subject to attempted cybersecurity attacks. While there has been no material impact on our business or operations from these attempted attacks, a significant cybersecurity event or breach could expose us to significant loss of revenue, material repair costs, and damage to our reputation.