Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of information security could adversely affect our businesses. We rely to a large extent upon sophisticated information technology systems to operate our businesses. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, store and transmit large amounts of confidential information, and we deploy and operate an array of technical and procedural controls to maintain the confidentiality and integrity of such confidential information. We also have outsourced significant elements of our operations to third parties, including significant elements of our information technology infrastructure, and as a result, we are managing many independent vendor relationships with third parties who may have access to our confidential information. The size and complexity of our information technology and information security systems, and those of our third-party vendors, make such systems potentially vulnerable to service interruptions or security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees or vendors, or from attacks by malicious third parties. Such attacks are of ever-increasing levels of sophistication and are made by groups and individuals with a wide range of motives, including industrial espionage. As a global pharmaceutical company, our systems are subject to frequent attacks. While we have invested in the protection of data and information technology, our efforts may not prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Any such interruption or breach of our systems could adversely affect our business operations and result in the loss of critical or sensitive confidential information or intellectual property, and could result in financial, legal, business, and reputational harm to us. We maintain cyber liability insurance; however, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover the financial, legal, business, or reputational losses that may result from an interruption or breach of our systems. Our ongoing investments in new product introductions and in research and development for new products and existing product extensions could exceed corresponding sales growth. Additionally, our research and development investment plans and resources may not be correctly matched between science and markets, and failure to invest in the right technology platforms, therapeutic segments, product classes, geographic markets, and/or in-licensing and out-licensing opportunities could adversely impact the productivity of our pipeline. We continue to strengthen our global research and development organization and pursue strategies intended to improve innovation and overall productivity in research and development to achieve a sustainable pipeline that is positioned to deliver value in the near-term and over time. We depend on third-party collaborators, service providers, and others in the research, development, manufacturing, and commercialization of our products and product candidates and also enter into joint ventures and other business development transactions in connection with our business. To achieve expected longer-term benefits, we may make substantial upfront payments in such transactions, which may negatively impact our reported earnings. Failure by one or more of these parties to complete activities on schedule or in accordance with our expectations could delay or prevent the development, approval, manufacturing, or commercialization of our products and product candidates, and could expose us to suboptimal quality of service delivery or deliverables, resulting in non-compliance with legal or regulatory requirements or industry standards or reputational harm, all with potential negative implications for our product pipeline and business.