The failure of our information systems to function as intended or their penetration by outside parties with the intent to corrupt them or our failure to comply with privacy laws and regulations could result in business disruption, litigation and regulatory action, and loss of revenue, assets or personal or other confidential data. We use information systems to help manage business processes, collect and interpret data and communicate internally and externally with employees, suppliers, consumers, customers and others. Some of these information systems are managed by third-party service providers. We have backup systems and business continuity plans in place, and we take care to protect our systems and data from unauthorized access. Nevertheless, failure of our systems to function as intended, or penetration of our systems by outside parties intent on extracting or corrupting information or otherwise disrupting business processes, could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in a loss of revenue, assets or personal or other sensitive data, litigation and regulatory action, cause damage to our reputation and that of our brands and result in significant remediation and other costs. Failure to protect personal data, respect the rights of data subjects, and adhere to strict cybersecurity protocols could subject us to substantial fines and other legal challenges under regulations such as the EU General Data Protection Regulation. As we are increasingly relying on digital platforms in our business, the magnitude of these risks is likely to increase. Our ability to grow profitability may be limited by our inability to introduce new products, enter new markets or improve our margins through higher pricing and improvements in our brand and geographic mix. Our business faces significant governmental action aimed at increasing regulatory requirements with the goal of reducing or preventing the use of tobacco products. Regulatory initiatives that have been proposed, introduced or enacted include restrictions on or licensing of outlets permitted to sell cigarettes, the levying of substantial and increasing tax and duty charges, and increased restrictions on smoking in public and workplaces. Our financial results could be significantly affected by regulatory initiatives resulting in a significant decrease in demand for our brands, in particular requirements that lead to a commoditization of tobacco products or impede adult consumers' ability to convert to our reduced-risk products. We may be unable to anticipate changes in adult consumer preferences. To be successful, we must promote brand equity successfully, anticipate and respond to new adult consumer trends, develop new products and markets and broaden brand portfolios, and improve productivity. Our business transformation is focused on creating a smoke-free future and ultimately replacing cigarettes with smoke-free products to the benefit of adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, society, the company and its shareholders. We are building a future on a new category of smoke-free products that, while not risk-free, are a much better choice than continuing to smoke. Through multidisciplinary capabilities in product development, state-of-the-art facilities and scientific substantiation, we aim to ensure that our smoke-free products meet adult consumer preferences and rigorous regulatory requirements. Our ability to achieve our strategic goals may be impaired if we fail to attract and retain the best global talent. To be successful, we must continue transforming our culture and ways of working, align our talent with our business needs, innovate and transform to a consumer-centric business.