The use of technology is critical to our ability to maintain or enhance the competitiveness of our businesses. As a large financial services company, we handle a substantial volume of customer and other financial transactions, relying heavily on information systems to conduct our business and to process, record, and monitor our transactions and those of our customers. Over time, we have seen more customer usage of technological solutions for financial needs as well as higher expectations of customers and regulators regarding effective and safe systems operation. The effective use of technology increases efficiency and enables financial institutions to better serve customers. We have been investing in technology and connectivity, seeking to automate functions previously performed manually, facilitate the ability of customers to engage in financial transactions, and enhance the customer experience with respect to our products and services. A failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to technology would likely cause us to lose market share or incur additional expense. Our ability to maintain or enhance our relative technological position is in part dependent on our ability to attract and retain talented employees in these fields, which is increasingly difficult due to overall demand. We rely on information systems maintained by other companies, and we use other companies to provide products and services directly to us and to assist in providing products and services to our customers. The effective functioning and resiliency of our information systems and other technology have become more important and more challenging, with high costs involved in ensuring proper operation. We are vulnerable to the impact of failures of our systems to operate as needed or intended, which could include those resulting from human error, unexpected transaction volumes, or overall design or performance issues. Additionally, we rely on information systems maintained by third parties, which introduces risks related to their performance and security. The occurrence of any failure, interruption, or security breach of our information or communications systems could result in a wide variety of adverse consequences, including disruptions to our ability to use our accounting, deposit, loan, payment, and other systems. We have policies, procedures, and systems designed to prevent or limit the effect of possible failures, interruptions, or breaches in security of information systems. However, we cannot guarantee the effectiveness of our policies, procedures, and systems to protect us in any particular future situation. Our ability to mitigate the adverse consequences of such occurrences is in part dependent on the quality of our business continuity planning and our ability to anticipate the timing and nature of any such event that occurs. The risks posed by new and evolving types of cyber attacks are significant, and our ability to protect confidential or proprietary information is limited with respect to information held by third parties. We maintain and process vast amounts of information about us, our customers, and our employees, including sensitive information that could be targeted by cybercriminals. Our operational risk management framework is designed to provide effective and consistent management of operational risk, including risks associated with the use, operation, and adoption of technology. We utilize operational risk management programs to assess existing risks, determine potential/emerging risks, and evaluate the effectiveness of internal controls.