Our manufacturing equipment is becoming increasingly dependent on our information technology systems. A disruption in our information technology systems due to a catastrophic event or security breach could interrupt or damage our operations. We collect sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of our customers and employees. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure, or information technology and infrastructure of our third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to attacks by malicious actors or breached due to human error, malfeasance, or other disruptions. Any such access, disclosure, or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of customer information, disrupt the services we provide to customers, and damage our reputation. Our operations are subject to business interruptions and casualty losses. Failure to manage risks associated with business interruptions could adversely impact our operations, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We are subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and affect our operations with respect to, among other things, the discharge of pollutants into the environment, emissions into the atmosphere, and the handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal, and cleanup of hazardous materials. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations. Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, which continue to increase in both number and complexity. The prices of feedstocks and our products fluctuate substantially, which can reduce refining margins and could have a significant impact on our refining, wholesale marketing, and retail operations, revenues, operating income, and cash flows. We expect to continue to incur substantial capital expenditures and operating costs as a result of our compliance with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. Our ability to obtain credit and capital depends in large measure on the state of the credit and capital markets, which is beyond our control. Our ability to access credit and capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, access to those markets, which could constrain our flexibility to react to changing economic and business conditions. We maintain insurance coverage in amounts we believe to be prudent against many, but not all, potential liabilities arising from operating hazards. Uninsured liabilities arising from operating hazards could reduce the funds available to us for capital and investment spending and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our operations are subject to business interruptions due to scheduled refinery turnarounds, unplanned maintenance, or unplanned events such as explosions, fires, refinery or pipeline releases, or other incidents, power outages, severe weather, labor disputes, or other natural or man-made disasters, including cyber intrusion. We have systems in place to manage potential acute physical risks, but if any such events were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. Our growth strategy is dependent on our ability to expand existing assets and to construct additional assets. Policy decisions relating to the production, refining, transportation, and marketing of carbon-based fuels are subject to political pressures and the influence and protests of environmental and other special interest groups.