Our business is dependent in part upon projects that can be cyclical in nature and are subject to risks of delay or cancellation. The timing of or failure to obtain contracts, delays in awards of, start dates for or completion of projects and the cancellations of projects can result in significant periodic fluctuations in our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely on information technology systems to manage our operations and other business processes and to protect sensitive company information. We also collect and retain information about our customers, stockholders, vendors and employees, all of which expect that we will adequately protect such information. Breaches or disruptions of our information systems can result from, among other things, cyber-attacks, theft, inadvertent exposure of sensitive information, acts of terrorism, storms or other natural phenomena, information technology solution failures or network disruptions, and any such cyber-attacks or breaches can go unnoticed for some period of time. Furthermore, some of the energy infrastructure systems on which we work may be considered to be strategic targets, and therefore at greater risk of cyber-attacks or acts of terrorism than other targets. Cyber-attacks can result in compromises of our payment systems, monetary losses, inability to access our systems, delays in processing transactions or reporting financial results, the disclosure or misappropriation of confidential or proprietary company information, or the release of customer, stockholder, vendor or employee data. An attack could also cause service disruptions to our internal systems or, in extreme circumstances, infiltration into, damage to or loss of control of our customers' energy infrastructure systems. We continue to implement information technology solutions that require substantial financial and personnel resources. There is no guarantee that we will realize economic or other intended benefits from these systems. Furthermore, failure to properly implement these systems could result in substantial disruptions to our business, including with respect to coordinating and processing our normal business activities and financial reporting and testing and recording certain data necessary to provide oversight of our disclosure controls and procedures and effective internal controls over our financial reporting, as well as other unforeseen problems. Our business is labor-intensive, and we may be unable to attract and retain qualified employees or we may incur significant costs in the event we are unable to efficiently manage our workforce. Our ability to efficiently manage our business and achieve our strategic initiatives is limited by our ability to employ, train and retain the necessary skilled personnel, which is subject to a number of risks. We believe potential acquisition and investment opportunities exist in our industries and adjacent industries, primarily due to the highly fragmented and evolving nature of those industries and inability of many companies to expand and modernize due to capital or liquidity constraints. We continue to evaluate opportunities that are expected to broaden our customer base, expand our geographic area of operations, and grow and diversify our portfolio of services. Our investments expose us to risks and may result in conflicts of interest that could adversely impact our business or result in reputational harm. We have entered into strategic relationships and investment arrangements with various partners, including customers and infrastructure investors, through which we have invested and intend to invest in infrastructure assets. We expect this activity to continue and for additional information on our recent investment activity. Our ability to generate internal growth will be affected by, among other factors, our ability to expand the range of services we offer to customers to address their evolving infrastructure needs, attract new customers, increase the number of projects performed for existing customers, hire and retain qualified employees, expand geographically, and address regulatory, environmental and permitting requirements and economic or market conditions that affect us or our customers.