The considerable expansion in the use of social and digital media over recent years has compounded the potential scope and reach of any negative publicity. Our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. These technologies and systems require significant investment and must be proven, refined, updated, upgraded and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. If we are unable to keep pace with developments in technology or technological obsolescence, our operations or competitive position could become impaired. We are exposed to cybersecurity attacks and data breaches, including the risks and costs associated with protecting our systems and maintaining integrity and security of our business information, as well as personal data of our guests, employees and business partners. We are subject to cybersecurity attacks that can vary in scope and intent. A successful cybersecurity attack may target us directly, or it may be the result of a third party's inadequate care. In either scenario, the company may suffer damage to its systems and data that could interrupt our operations, adversely impact our reputation and brand, and expose us to increased risks of governmental investigation, litigation, fines and other liability. Furthermore, responding to such an attack and mitigating the risk of future attacks could result in additional operating and capital costs in systems technology, personnel, monitoring and other investments. We also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, which could result in higher than anticipated costs or impair our operating results. Our reliance on third-party vendors and service providers who are integral to the operations of our businesses exposes us to risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business. We outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations and operation of a large part of our information technology systems. We are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. A failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. We have operations in and source passengers from the United Kingdom and the European Union. Our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including, but not limited to, the vibrancy of the financial markets, our financial performance, the performance of our industry in general and the size, scope and timing of our financial needs. We must continue to effectively recruit, train, motivate and retain our employees, both shoreside and on our ships, in order to effectively compete in our industry, maintain our current business and support our projected global growth. Our management team is goal motivated and our aim, through this program, is to establish clear, simple, and ambitious targets that will motivate our people and drive superior results.