We operate in an environment that involves a number of significant risks and uncertainties, including those related to our information technology systems. Our business is increasingly dependent on critical, complex, and interdependent information technology systems, including internet-based systems, to support business processes as well as internal and external communications. The size and complexity of our computer systems make us potentially vulnerable to IT system breakdowns, internal and external malicious intrusion, and computer viruses, which may impact product production and key business processes. We also have outsourced significant elements of our information technology infrastructure and operations to third parties, which may allow them to access our confidential information and may also make our systems vulnerable to service interruptions or security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by such third parties or others. Data security breaches could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, result in demands for ransom or other forms of blackmail, or lead to the public exposure of personal information of our employees, clinical trial patients, customers, and others. We continue to make investments to improve the protection of data and information technology; however, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent service interruptions or security breaches. Significant disruptions of information technology systems or breaches of data security could adversely affect our business, prospects, operating results, and financial condition. Additionally, our ability to generate profits and positive cash flow from operations over the next several years depends significantly on the continued success in commercializing our products, which is supported by our IT capabilities. The commercial success of our products may also be adversely affected by guidelines or recommendations to healthcare providers, administrators, payors, and patient communities that result in decreased use of our products. Establishing and maintaining sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities are expensive and time-consuming, and depend on our ability to successfully manage our information technology systems. We rely on our collaborations with Bayer and Sanofi for commercializing some of our marketed products, which requires effective coordination of our IT capabilities to support these efforts. If we or our collaborators fail to maintain regulatory compliance for any of our products, the applicable marketing approval may be withdrawn, which would materially harm our business. Our reliance on third-party collaborators and service providers for various aspects of our operations, including IT systems, increases our vulnerability to disruptions and impacts our ability to manage our resources effectively. The risks associated with our information technology capabilities are compounded by the competitive landscape in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, where many of our competitors have substantially greater research, development, and manufacturing capabilities. Our IT systems must also support our research and development activities, which are critical for our future growth and success. The ongoing evolution of our IT capabilities is essential for enhancing our operational efficiency and maintaining our competitive advantage in the market.