We depend on the integrity, continuous availability, and consistent operations of these systems to process transactions in our stores, track inventory flow, manage merchandise allocation and distribution logistics, generate performance and financial reports, and support merchandising decisions. We are currently making, and will continue to make, significant technology investments to improve or replace information processes and systems that are key to managing our business. The risk of system disruption is increased whenever significant system changes are undertaken. An excessive rate of technological change could detract from the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from new technology. Our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as severe storms, fires, earthquakes, floods, acts of terrorism, and design or usage errors by our employees or by third parties. If our information systems or our back-up systems are damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Disruptions in our supply chain or in our information systems could impact our ability to process sales and to deliver product to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner. Various information systems are critical to our ability to operate and to manage key aspects of our business. Information or data security breaches, including cyber-attacks on our transaction processing and computer information systems, could result in theft or unauthorized disclosure of customer, credit card, employee, or other private and valuable information that we handle in the ordinary course of our business, disrupt our operations, damage our reputation, and increase our costs. We rely on commercially available computer and telecommunications systems to process, transmit, and store payment card and other personal and confidential information, and to provide information or data security for those transactions. Cyber criminals may attempt to penetrate our point of sale and other information systems to misappropriate customer or business information. Despite security measures we have in place, and our efforts to prevent, monitor, and mitigate attacks and errors, our facilities and systems (or those of third-party service providers we utilize or connect to) may be vulnerable to security breaches. The increasing sophistication of cyber criminals and advances in computer capabilities and remote access increases these risks. We must monitor and choose sound investments and implement them at the right pace. Poorly targeting opportunities, failing to make good investments, or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs could damage our competitive position and adversely impact our business and results of operations. Our capital expenditures include costs for various other expenditures related to our information technology systems. The increase in capital expenditures in fiscal 2019 compared to fiscal 2018 was primarily due to investments in our distribution centers and information technology infrastructure investments for our stores, buying, corporate offices, and transportation. We expect to fund capital expenditures with available cash, including cash we obtained by drawing from our revolving credit facility, and cash flows from operations. We have implemented policies and procedures to facilitate compliance with laws and regulations relating to doing business in foreign markets and importing merchandise, and to monitor our suppliers, this does not guarantee that suppliers and other third parties with whom we do business will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies.