Our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by cyber-attacks on information technology infrastructure and products and other business disruptions. Cyber-based risks, in particular, are evolving and include attacks on our IT infrastructure and the IT infrastructure of third parties attempting to gain unauthorized access to our confidential or other proprietary information. We continue to make investments and adopt measures designed to enhance our protection, detection, response, and recovery capabilities, and to mitigate potential risks to our technology, products, services, and operations from potential cyber-attacks. However, given the unpredictability, nature, and scope of cyber-attacks, it is possible that potential vulnerabilities could go undetected for an extended period. We could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays, other detrimental impacts on our operations or ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromise of confidential or otherwise protected information, misappropriation, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, and other manipulation or improper use of our or third-party systems, networks, or products. Our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of our technological advancements depends on a variety of factors, including execution of internal and external performance plans, availability of supplier and internally produced parts and materials, performance of suppliers and subcontractors, and customer acceptance of products we manufacture or that incorporate technologies we develop. We design, manufacture, and service products that incorporate advanced technologies; the introduction of new products and technologies involves risks, and we may not realize the degree or timing of benefits initially anticipated. Our contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis, and to generate an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services and deliver the products and to be able to complete the contracts in a timely manner. We may face customer-directed cost reduction targets that could have a material adverse effect on the profitability of our contracts if these targets are not achieved when required. Furthermore, we may encounter difficulties in integrating acquired businesses, including the Rockwell Collins businesses, with our operations, applying our internal controls processes to these acquired businesses, or in managing strategic investments. Our reliance on suppliers and commodity markets to secure raw materials, parts, components, and sub-systems used in our products exposes us to volatility in the prices and availability of these materials. We believe that our supply management and production practices are based on an appropriate balancing of the foreseeable risks and the costs of alternative practices. Nonetheless, price increases, supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions, or the unavailability of some raw materials may have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition. Our international operations subject us to economic risk as our results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in foreign currency fluctuations, economic conditions, trade policies, and changes in local government regulation. Our business may be affected by government contracting risks, and we are now, and believe that in light of the current U.S. government contracting environment we will continue to be, the subject of U.S. government investigations relating to our U.S. government contracts. Changes in laws or regulations could result in higher expenses, and uncertainty relating to laws or regulations may also affect how we conduct our operations and structure our investments.