The oilfield service industry is highly competitive, and our ability to continually provide competitive technology and services can impact our ability to defend, maintain or increase prices for our products and services, maintain market share, and negotiate acceptable contract terms with our customers. Our reliance on information systems to conduct our business, including systems operated by or under the control of third parties, underscores the importance of mobilizing and deploying IT-based resources in combination with leveraging the value of other resources and capabilities. We have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal conduct of our business, which could result in disruptions to our business operations; unauthorized access to competitively sensitive, confidential or other critical data or systems; financial losses; regulatory fines; and misuse or corruption of critical data and proprietary information. Our failure to maintain technology leadership could adversely affect any competitive advantage we hold. The technical complexities of our operations expose us to a wide range of significant health, safety, and environmental risks, and any catastrophic incidents may expose us to additional liabilities. Additionally, we require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for our business, and competition for the personnel required for our businesses intensifies as activity increases and technology evolves. Our operations involve significant design and engineering efforts, and we recognize revenue for certain long-term construction-type contracts over time, which involves significant estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flows and project costs. The ability to provide data and information to users with appropriate levels of accuracy, timeliness, reliability, security, confidentiality, connectivity, and access is crucial for our information management capability. We are also subject to complex U.S. and foreign laws and regulations, including anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial condition. Our ability to transfer people, products, and data among certain countries is subject to maintaining required licenses and complying with these laws and regulations. The demand for our products and services is substantially dependent on the levels of expenditures by our customers, which are sensitive to our customers' views of future economic growth and the resulting impact on demand for oil and natural gas. The recent oil and gas industry downturn has resulted in reduced demand for oilfield services and lower expenditures by our customers, which may have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our international revenue growth will be more heavily weighted to the second half of the year, with increasing offshore activity and improving activity mix from the early deepwater growth cycle. The formation of the sensia joint venture and the divestiture of the drilling tools business are significant milestones that will enhance our operational flexibility and technology access business models. We are cautiously optimistic that the high-grading of our portfolio will promote margin expansion and improvement of returns in the North America land market, which is essential for maintaining our competitive positioning in the market.