The growth of our business depends primarily on the semiconductor and electronics industries. The increasing complexity of designs of systems-on-chips, integrated circuits, and electronic systems has led to a focus on managing costs, which could lead to a decrease in design starts and design activity. Demand for our products and services could decrease if growth in these industries slows or stalls. As the electronic design automation (EDA) industry matures, consolidation has resulted in stronger competition from companies better able to compete as sole source vendors. Our customers frequently incorporate third-party intellectual property into their designs to improve the efficiency of their design process. We work closely with major foundries to ensure compatibility of our EDA, IP, and manufacturing solutions. If we fail to optimize our solutions for use with major foundries' manufacturing processes or major IP providers' products, our solutions may become less desirable to our customers. Consolidation among our customers and within the industries in which we operate may negatively impact our operating results. We depend on a relatively small number of large customers for a significant portion of our revenue. Reduced customer spending or the loss of a small number of customers could adversely affect our business and financial condition. The global nature of our operations exposes us to increased risks and compliance obligations. Our international operations require us to recruit and retain qualified technical and managerial employees and manage multiple remote locations performing complex software development projects. We face risks such as ineffective legal protection of intellectual property rights, uncertain economic conditions, and government trade restrictions. If any foreign economies deteriorate or if we fail to manage our global operations effectively, our business and results of operations will be harmed. We rely on a global network of infrastructure applications, enterprise applications, and technology systems for our development, marketing, operational, support, and sales activities. A disruption or failure of these systems could prevent us from fulfilling our customers' orders. We have made substantial investments to develop new products and enhancements to existing products through acquisitions and research and development efforts. If we fail to introduce products that meet market demand or anticipate technological changes, we may lose our competitive position. Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain key technical, sales, and managerial employees. We face pressure to limit the use of equity-based compensation due to its dilutive effect on stockholders. Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations that have increased compliance costs and the risk of noncompliance. We have implemented policies and procedures to help ensure compliance, but there can be no assurance that our employees will not violate such laws and regulations. Our financial results are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in tax laws. We may incur substantial expenses in complying with new obligations imposed by laws and regulations, which may adversely affect our revenues. Our investment portfolio may be impaired by any deterioration of capital markets, and we may suffer losses in principal if we are forced to sell securities that decline in market value. We believe that our current cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and available credit will satisfy our routine business requirements for the foreseeable future.