The financial performance of Southern Company and its subsidiaries depends on the successful operation of the electric generation, transmission, and distribution facilities, natural gas distribution and storage facilities, and distributed generation storage technologies. There are many risks that could affect these operations, including operator error, equipment or process failures, and information technology (IT) system failures. The registrants operate in highly regulated industries that require the continued operation of sophisticated IT systems and network infrastructure, which are part of interconnected distribution systems. Increased connectivity to the internet and the inherent vulnerability of technology systems to failures due to hacking or other types of data security breaches heighten the risk of cyberattacks. The registrants face ongoing threats to their assets, including critical infrastructure, where databases and systems are subject to advanced computer viruses or other malicious codes, unauthorized access attempts, and phishing. Information security risks have generally increased in recent years due to the proliferation of new technology and the increased sophistication of cyberattacks. An information security incident or the failure of key IT systems could impact the registrants' ability to operate and adversely affect financial results and liquidity. The registrants cannot guarantee that security efforts will prevent breaches or operational incidents and cannot assure that such incidents will not have a material adverse effect in the future. Additionally, the registrants collect and retain sensitive information, including personally identifiable information about customers, employees, and stockholders, which could be targets of cyberattacks. The registrants' ability to achieve their environmental compliance strategy and future expenditures will depend on various factors, including the development, deployment, and advancement of relevant energy technologies. The Southern Company system expects to continue cost-effectively growing its renewable energy portfolio, optimizing technology advancements to modernize its transmission and distribution systems, and investing in energy efficiency. The registrants' businesses require substantial expenditures for investments in new facilities and capital improvements to transmission, distribution, and generation facilities. These projects are long-term in nature and may include the development and construction of facilities with designs that have not been finalized. The completion of these types of projects without delays or significant cost overruns is subject to substantial risks, including challenges with management of contractors and delays in obtaining necessary permits and approvals. The registrants continually seek opportunities to create value through various transactions, including acquisitions or sales of assets, which may not result in anticipated benefits and may present risks not originally contemplated. The registrants are also subject to risks associated with their ability to obtain adequate insurance at acceptable costs, and the financial condition of some insurance companies could have disruptive effects on insurance markets. The registrants utilize derivative instruments to manage their commodity and interest rate exposures, which could result in financial losses if market values fluctuate significantly. The registrants engage in long-term planning processes to estimate the optimal mix and timing of new generation assets required to serve future load obligations, which must consider many uncertain factors, including economic conditions and customer technology adoption.