Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive and other types of data and information in our computer systems and networks and those of our third-party vendors. The cyber risks the company faces range from cyber attacks common to most industries to more sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to obtain unauthorized access to certain information or systems. We devote significant resources to maintain and regularly update our systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology assets and the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information belonging to the enterprise and our customers, clients and employees. We experience cyber attacks of varying degrees on a regular basis, and while we have not experienced a material incident to date, any material incident could cause us to experience reputational harm, loss of customers, regulatory actions, sanctions or other statutory penalties, litigation or financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us. Our operations and infrastructure may malfunction or fail, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely heavily on network systems and the internet, and any failures or disruptions may adversely affect our ability to serve our customers. Our ability to deliver our products and services electronically may be impaired due to infrastructure or network failures, malicious or defective software, human error, natural disasters, service outages at third-party internet providers or increased government regulation. We believe we have appropriate policies, processes and internal controls to ensure the stability of our information technology, provide security from unauthorized access to our systems and maintain business continuity, but our business could be subject to significant disruption and our business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by unanticipated system failures, data corruption or unauthorized access to our systems. We have outsourced certain functions to third-party service providers to leverage leading specialized capabilities and achieve cost efficiencies. Outsourcing these functions involves the risk that the third-party service providers may not perform to our standards or legal requirements, may not produce reliable results, may not perform in a timely manner, may not maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary information, or may fail to perform at all. Our ability to produce our products and develop new products is dependent upon the products of other suppliers, including certain data, software and service suppliers. We utilize certain data provided by third-party data sources in a variety of ways, including large volumes of data from certain stock exchanges around the world. If the data from our suppliers has errors, is delayed, has design defects, is unavailable on acceptable terms or is not available at all, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are exposed to risks related to cybersecurity and protection of confidential information. The unauthorized disclosure of material non-public information could affect the trading markets for such customers' securities and could damage such customers' competitive positions. We rely on our information technology environment and certain critical databases, systems and applications to support key product and service offerings. We are subject to complex U.S., European and other local laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations abroad, including trade sanctions laws, anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws, anti-money laundering laws, and other financial crimes laws. Compliance with international and U.S. laws and regulations that apply to our international operations increases the cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions.