We recognize that most of these factors are beyond our ability to control and therefore we cannot predict an outcome. The continuing growth of IP-based services, especially when accessed by wireless devices, has created or potentially could create conflicting regulation between the FCC and various state and local authorities, which may involve lengthy litigation to resolve and may result in outcomes unfavorable to us. Adverse regulations and rulings by the FCC relating to broadband, wireless deployment, and satellite video issues could impede our ability to manage our networks and recover costs and lessen incentives to invest in our networks. We must continually invest in our networks in order to improve our wireless, video, and broadband services to meet this increasing demand and remain competitive. Improvements in these services depend on many factors, including continued access to and deployment of adequate spectrum and the capital needed to expand our wireline network to support transport of these services. Our ability to respond will depend, among other things, on continued improvement in network quality and customer service as well as effective marketing of attractive products and services. These efforts will involve significant expenses and require strategic management decisions on, and timely implementation of, equipment choices, network deployment, and service offerings. We expect revenue growth in our wireless and broadband businesses as customers demand premium content, instant connectivity, and higher speeds made possible by our fiber network expansion and wireless network enhancements through 5G deployment. Our business strategies reflect bundled product offerings that cut across product lines and utilize shared assets. The software benefits of our 5G wireless technology and new video delivery platforms should result in a more efficient use of capital and lower network-related expenses in the coming years. Our strategic services are made up of data services, including our VPN, dedicated internet ethernet and broadband, voice service, including VoIP and cloud-based voice solutions, security and cloud solutions, and managed, professional, and outsourcing services. We are spending significant capital to shift our wired network to software-based technology to manage this demand and are launching 5G wireless technology to address these consumer demands. We are also increasingly negotiating broader licensing agreements to expand our ability to use new methods to distribute content to customers. Our ability to generate advertising revenue from attractive video content, especially from WarnerMedia, in the face of unpredictable and rapidly evolving public viewing habits and legal restrictions on the use of personal data will be critical. Our strategic resource allocation is focused on, among other things, further reducing our debt going forward. Our capital allocation plan is influenced by the need to invest in technology resources that enhance operational efficiency and support business innovation. We must maintain and expand our network capacity and coverage for transport of video, data, and voice between cell and fixed landline sites. The deployment of new technology may adversely affect the performance of the network for existing services. Our international operations have increased our exposure to political instability, changes in the international economy, and the level of regulation on our business, which could offset our expected growth opportunities. Our ability to attract and retain customers, and therefore maintain and improve our operating margins, could be materially adversely affected if we cannot acquire needed spectrum or deploy the services customers desire on a timely basis with acceptable quality and at adequate cost.