Our commercial business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet, and our customers' profitability. These items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical conditions. We rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales, and a material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, gross margin, and net income. Our business strategy includes a value-driven operating strategy focused on obtaining profitable new business, improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. We believe our key competitive strengths include a large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue streams and a diversified revenue base that reduces our dependence on any particular product or market channel. Our selective acquisition strategy has contributed to our growth, and we have significant experience in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. The successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs, which could decrease the time that management has to service, attract customers, and develop new products and services. The aerospace industry remains highly fragmented, with many companies being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. We have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance due to our competitive strengths and execution of our value-driven operating strategy. We expect our efforts to continue generating strong margins and providing sufficient cash from operating activities to meet our interest obligations and liquidity needs. Our ability to make payments on and refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors beyond our control. We continually evaluate our debt facilities to assess whether they meet the current and future needs of our business. Our capital expenditures are primarily for projects consistent with our three core value-driven operating strategies. We have recorded a significant amount of intangible assets, which may never generate the returns we expect. The successful execution of our business strategy and the integration of acquisitions are critical to our financial performance. We are subject to many risks, including the ability of the U.S. government to unilaterally suspend us from receiving new contracts or terminate existing contracts, which could materially adversely affect our business. Our operations and sales outside of the United States may be subject to additional risks, including currency fluctuations, political uncertainties, and changes in trade policies. We face significant competition in a highly competitive global industry, and our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, timely delivery, competitive pricing, and superior customer service. Our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations. The successful integration of future acquisitions may require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business.