The successful integration of BB&T's and SunTrust's operations will depend substantially on the company's ability to successfully consolidate operations, management teams, corporate cultures, systems and procedures, and to eliminate redundancies and costs. Truist anticipates further integration of systems, operations, and personnel over the next several years, which is critical to achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger, including technology efficiencies and operating efficiencies. The company has established a comprehensive risk management framework supported by people, processes, and systems to identify, measure, monitor, manage, and report significant risks arising from its exposures and business activities. Truist's risk management framework is designed to ensure that business strategies and objectives are executed in alignment with its risk appetite, which includes managing technology risk associated with the use, ownership, operation, involvement, influence, and adoption of information technology across the company. The company maintains a comprehensive risk-based information security/cybersecurity framework implemented through people, processes, and technology, which drives the development and implementation of Truist's holistic data security strategy designed to reduce risk while enabling corporate business objectives. The integration of technology systems is a key aspect of the merger, as the company seeks to drive innovation and remain attuned to evolving client preferences in an intensely competitive environment. Truist's ability to adapt its products and services to evolving industry standards and client expectations is essential for maintaining its competitive presence. The company has invested in technology and connectivity to automate functions previously performed manually, facilitating the ability of clients to engage in financial transactions and enhancing the client experience with respect to the company's products and services. The company expects to make additional investments in innovation and technology to address technological disruption in the industry and improve client offerings and service. The management of Truist recognizes that the widespread adoption of new technologies requires substantial investments to modify or adapt existing products and services or to develop new products and services. The company's success depends, in part, upon its ability to address clients' needs by using technology to provide products and services that satisfy client demands, including demands for faster and more secure payment services. The company faces significant competition in the recruitment of qualified employees, which may impact its ability to implement business strategies effectively. Truist's risk management framework includes a focus on technology risk, ensuring that the company is well-positioned for changes in the credit cycle and external influences. The transition away from LIBOR to alternative reference rates will require the development of appropriate systems, models, and analytics to effectively transition the company's risk management and other processes. The company has developed a LIBOR transition team and project plan that outlines timelines and priorities to prepare its processes, systems, and people to support this transition. The company's operational and security systems and infrastructure, including computer systems and data management, are integral to its performance and are subject to security risks and susceptible to cyber-attacks. The company's business relies on the secure processing, transmission, storage, and retrieval of confidential, proprietary, and other information in its computer and data management systems and networks.