Our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with guests across multiple channels (in-store, online, mobile, social media, voice assistants, and smart home devices, among others). We must anticipate and meet changing guest expectations and counteract developments and investments by our competitors. Our evolving retailing efforts include implementing technology, software, and processes to be able to conveniently and cost-effectively fulfill guest orders directly from any point within our system of stores and distribution centers and from our vendors. We also need to collect accurate, relevant, and usable guest data to personalize our offerings. Providing multiple fulfillment options and implementing new technology is complex and may not meet expectations for accurate order fulfillment, faster and guaranteed delivery times, low-cost or free shipping, and desired payment methods. A significant disruption in our computer systems and our inability to adequately maintain and update those systems could adversely affect our operations and negatively affect our guests. We rely extensively on computer systems throughout our business. Our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, malicious attacks, security breaches, catastrophic events, and implementation errors. If our systems are damaged, disrupted, or fail to function properly or reliably, we may incur substantial repair or replacement costs, experience data loss or theft, and encounter lost guest confidence, which could require additional promotional activities to attract guests and otherwise adversely affect our results of operations. We continually invest to maintain and update our computer systems. Implementing significant system changes increases the risk of computer system disruption. The potential problems and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives, as well as providing training and support for those initiatives, could disrupt or reduce our operational efficiency and could negatively impact guest experience and guest confidence. If our efforts to provide information security, cybersecurity, and data privacy are unsuccessful or if we are unable to meet increasingly demanding regulatory requirements, we may face additional costly government enforcement actions and private litigation, and our reputation and results of operations could suffer. We have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures. We are making, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in technology and selective acquisitions to improve guest experiences across multiple channels and improve the speed, accuracy, and cost efficiency of our supply chain and inventory management systems. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than remodeling stores and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return. Our ability to create a personalized guest experience through the collection and use of accurate and relevant guest data is important to our ability to differentiate from other retailers. If we are unable to successfully provide a relevant and reliable experience for our guests across multiple channels, our sales, results of operations, and reputation could be adversely affected. Our business depends, in part, on our ability to remodel existing stores and build new stores in a manner that achieves appropriate returns on our capital investment. We believe that our ability to successfully differentiate our guests' shopping experience through a careful combination of merchandise assortment, price, convenience, guest experience, and other factors will over the long term drive both increasing shopping frequency and the amount spent each visit.