The company’s business success and profitability depend, in part, on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology, particularly as its business processes become more digital. The company relies on technology systems for conducting business and processing claims, as well as for providing data and analytics utilized to manage its business. The effectiveness of existing technology systems and the enhancement of technology systems that support business processes and strategic initiatives are critical. The company’s competitive position could be impacted if it is unable to deploy technology such as artificial intelligence and machine learning that collects and analyzes a wide variety of data points to make underwriting or other decisions. The company faces significant risks associated with technology initiatives, including potential business interruptions and failures of controls that could result in monetary and reputational damages or harm to its competitive position. The company’s operations rely on the reliable and secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information in its computer systems and networks. Increased use of data supplied by third parties increases exposure to risks related to data security, service disruptions, or the effectiveness of control systems. The company’s ability to effectively manage and upgrade its technology portfolio is essential for providing competitive services and conducting business with new and existing customers. The company has experienced threats to its data and systems, and while it has not experienced a material cyber-security breach, the sophistication of threats continues to increase. The company’s management believes that the reserves carried for asbestos and environmental claims are appropriately established based upon known facts, current law, and management's judgment, but uncertainties surrounding the final resolution of these claims continue. The company utilizes various analyses and methods, including proprietary and third-party computer modeling processes, to make underwriting and reinsurance decisions designed to manage its exposure to catastrophic events. The company actively monitors and evaluates changes in third-party models and calibrates the catastrophe risk model estimates delivered via its proprietary modeling processes. The company’s investment strategy focuses on appropriate risk-adjusted returns, and it employs a thoughtful investment philosophy to fund future claims payments. The company’s investment portfolio is managed to support its insurance operations, and it is positioned to meet obligations to policyholders. The company’s ability to generate sufficient cash flows to meet the cash requirements of its business operations is crucial. The company’s liquidity requirements can be impacted by the timing and amount of catastrophe claims, which are inherently unpredictable, as well as the timing and amount of reinsurance recoveries. The company’s change in reserve estimate for various product lines is driven by observed events during the year, and it believes that its range of historical outcomes is illustrative of reasonably possible one-year changes in reserve estimates. The company’s overall view of the current underlying asbestos environment is unchanged, and it continues to study the implications of emerging issues, including changing climate conditions, to determine the need for new underwriting strategies, coverage modifications, or new products.