We rely on information technology in all aspects of our business, including technology systems operated by us or under control of third parties. If we do not have sufficient capital to acquire new technology or if we are unable to develop or implement new technology such as positive train control (PTC) or the latest version of our transportation control systems, we may suffer a competitive disadvantage within the rail industry and with companies providing other modes of transportation service, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity. We must manage fluctuating demand for our services and network capacity; if there are significant reductions in demand for rail services with respect to one or more commodities or changes in consumer preferences that affect the businesses of our customers, we may experience increased costs associated with resizing our operations. We continue to improve our transportation plan, add capacity, improve operations at our yards and other facilities, and improve our ability to address surges in demand for any reason with adequate resources. We are subject to cybersecurity risks; although we devote significant resources to protect our technology systems and proprietary data, we have experienced and will continue to experience varying degrees of cyber incidents in the normal course of business. While there can be no assurance that the systems we have designed to prevent or limit the effects of cyber incidents or attacks will be sufficient to prevent or detect such incidents or attacks, we are continually evaluating attackers' techniques and tactics. We are committed to utilizing technology, risk assessment, training, and employee engagement to improve operational efficiency. A component of our operational strategy is to look for ways to reduce "car touches" on our network, which ultimately results in opportunities to reduce the number of terminals where we perform switching activities. Additionally, we expect our capital plan to include investments intended to improve productivity and operational efficiency. Our capital plan is a critical component of our long-term strategic plan, enhancing the long-term value of the company for our shareholders by providing sufficient resources to increase network efficiency and productivity. We are continually evaluating our technology capabilities to ensure alignment with our business strategies and operational goals. The implementation of unified plan 2020 is designed to further increase reliability of our service product, reduce variability in network operations, and improve resource utilization. We will continue to utilize data to identify and mitigate risk, detect rail defects, and improve our operations. Our ability to adapt and integrate our systems with other railroads is essential for maintaining competitive advantage. We face competition from other railroads and other transportation providers, and any future improvements or expenditures materially increasing the quality or reducing the cost of alternative modes of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. The reliance on technology and technology improvements in our business operations is crucial for sustaining our competitive position in the market.