As a global payments technology company, we facilitate global commerce through the transfer of value and information among a global network of consumers, merchants, financial institutions, businesses, strategic partners, and government entities. Our advanced transaction processing network enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions and allows us to provide our financial institution and merchant clients a wide range of products, platforms, and value-added services. The global payments industry is undergoing significant and rapid technological change, including mobile and other proximity payment technologies, ecommerce, tokenization, cryptocurrencies, and new authentication technologies such as biometrics, distributed ledger, and blockchain technologies. We expect new services and technologies to continue to emerge and evolve. It is difficult to predict which technological developments or innovations will become widely adopted and how those technologies may be regulated. Moreover, some of the new technologies could be subject to intellectual property-related lawsuits or claims, potentially impacting our development efforts and requiring us to obtain licenses. Our cybersecurity and processing systems, as well as those of financial institutions, merchants, and third-party service providers, have experienced errors, interruptions, delays, or damage from various causes, including cyber-attacks. We devote significant resources to our cybersecurity and supplier risk management programs and have implemented security measures to protect our systems and data, and to prevent, detect, and respond to data security incidents. However, there can be no assurance that our efforts will prevent these threats. Our relationships with industry participants are complex and require us to balance the interests of multiple third parties, including financial institutions, acquirers, processors, merchants, and other clients. We depend significantly on relationships with our financial institution clients and on their relationships with account holders and merchants to support our programs and services, and thereby compete effectively in the marketplace. Our success will increasingly depend on our ability to sustain and grow these relationships. The evolving and increased regulatory focus on the payments industry could negatively impact or reduce the number of products we offer, the volume of payments we process, our revenues, and our competitive positioning. We face intense competition in our industry as technology evolves, new competitors or methods of payment emerge, and existing clients and competitors assume different roles. Our products compete with cash, checks, electronic funds, virtual currency payments, and alternative payment providers primarily focused on enabling payments through ecommerce and mobile channels. The competitive landscape is quickly evolving, and we may not be able to foresee or respond sufficiently to emerging risks associated with new businesses, products, services, and practices. We may be asked to adjust our local rules and practices, develop or customize certain aspects of our payment services, or agree to business arrangements that may be less protective of our proprietary technology and interests in order to compete. Our ability to adapt and keep pace with new technologies in the payments space is critical for our future growth and competitive advantage. We have been working with Chinese issuers to issue visa-only branded cards for international travel, and later for domestic transactions after we obtain a bank card clearing institution license. However, the phase-out of dual-branded cards may decrease our payment volumes and impact the revenue we generate in China. Our business relies on the processing of data in many jurisdictions and the movement of data across national borders, and legal requirements relating to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer, and security of personal data continue to evolve, with regulatory scrutiny increasing globally.