Our capital programs, when combined with comprehensive planning, development and property management services, make us a single-source solution for acquiring, planning, developing, managing, repositioning and monetizing real estate assets. We invest with leading seniors housing operators, post-acute providers and health systems to fund the real estate and infrastructure needed to scale innovative care delivery models and improve people's wellness and overall health care experience. Our investments generate cash from net operating income and principal payments on loans receivable. We continuously evaluate opportunities to finance future investments and our investments in and acquisitions of health care and seniors housing properties may be unsuccessful or fail to meet our expectations, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are exposed to operational risks with respect to our seniors housing operating properties that could adversely affect our revenue and operations, including fluctuations in occupancy, economic conditions, competition, and regulatory compliance. Our ability to acquire properties may be limited by our access to capital, which depends on factors such as market conditions and the financial strength of our obligors. We rely on our operator to manage and operate the property, including complying with laws and providing resident care, but we remain responsible for operational and legal risks and liabilities. Our operators are expected to encounter increased competition that could limit their ability to attract residents or expand their businesses. The properties we lease account for a significant portion of our revenues, and any adverse developments in their business or financial condition could adversely affect us. We utilize several key performance indicators to evaluate the various aspects of our business, including net income and net income attributable to common stockholders, which are widely used by investors and analysts in the valuation, comparison and investment recommendations of companies. Our asset management process includes review of monthly financial statements and other operating data for each property, review of obligor/partner creditworthiness, property inspections, and review of covenant compliance. Our internal property management division manages and monitors the outpatient medical portfolio with a comprehensive process including review of tenant relations, lease expirations, property performance, and market conditions. We aim to structure our relevant investments to mitigate payment risk, with operating leases and loans typically credit enhanced by guarantees and/or letters of credit. Our ability to achieve our financial objectives is dependent upon our ability to effectively execute our plans and to appropriately respond to emerging economic and company-specific trends. We believe that net income and net income attributable to common stockholders are the most appropriate earnings measures, while funds from operations and consolidated net operating income are useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. We assess the performance of our properties at the property level on an unleveraged basis and utilize these measures to make decisions about resource allocations. We also monitor our investments through various methods determined by the type of property, and we aim to intervene at an early stage to address any negative trends, supporting both the collectability of revenue and the value of our investment.