The animal health industry is competitive, with many competitors conducting research and development activities in areas served by our products. Our competitors may have access to greater financial, marketing, technical, and other resources, allowing them to devote more resources to developing, manufacturing, marketing, and selling their products. The consolidation in the animal health industry could result in existing competitors realizing additional efficiencies or improving portfolio bundling opportunities, potentially increasing their market share and pricing power. We believe that the importance of quality and safety concerns to pet owners, veterinarians, and livestock producers contributes to brand loyalty, which often continues after the loss of patent-based and regulatory exclusivity. Our research and development efforts enable us to deliver innovative products to address unmet needs and evolve our product lines to remain relevant for our customers. We are investing in genetics and precision livestock farming, digital technology, and data analytics, which are critical for enhancing care for animals and improving livestock productivity. We rely on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of complex information technology systems to manage our operations, process, transmit, and store electronic and financial information, and comply with regulatory, legal, and tax requirements. System failures or outages could compromise our ability to perform these functions in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to conduct business and hurt our relationships with customers. We depend on third parties and applications on virtualized infrastructure to operate and support our information systems, and failure by these providers to adequately support our operations could adversely affect our business. Cyber-attacks are increasing in frequency and sophistication, making us vulnerable to malicious cyber intrusion and attack, which could lead to the compromise of sensitive, confidential, or personal data. We have experienced threats to our data and information technology systems, and while we devote resources to protect these systems, we expect cyber-attacks to continue. The costs imposed on us as a result of a cyberattack or network disruption could be significant, including increased expenditures on cybersecurity measures, litigation, regulatory investigations, and lost revenues from business interruption. Our investments in technology to secure our computer network are critical, as failure to comply with security requirements may result in fines and restrictions on our ability to accept payment by credit or debit cards. We are also focused on providing greater value to our customers through the integration and connectedness of our portfolio and by reducing frictions in the way they engage with us and our products and solutions. The ability to leverage technology capabilities effectively is essential for transforming our business and enhancing operational efficiency, which is vital for maintaining a competitive advantage in the market.