item 1a. risk factors you should consider each of the following risk factors, which could materially affect our business, financial condition, or future results of operations. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or future results of operations. in addition, the global economic environment and additional or unforeseen effects from covid-19 amplify many of these risks.
risks relating to our business our markets are highly competitive, and customers may choose to purchase our competitors' products or services or may not accept robotic-assisted medical procedures, which could result in reduced revenue and loss of market share.
robotic-assisted surgery with a da vinci surgical system or robotic-assisted bronchoscopy with an ion endoluminal system are technologies that compete with established and emerging treatment options in reconstructive medical procedures or disease management. these competitive treatment options include open surgery, conventional mis, drug therapies, radiation treatment, and other emerging diagnostic and interventional surgical approaches. some of these procedures are widely accepted in the medical community and, in many cases, have a long history of use. technological advances could make such treatments more effective or less expensive than using our products, which could render our products obsolete or unmarketable. studies could be published that show that other treatment options are more beneficial and/or cost-effective than robotic-assisted medical procedures. for example, in 2023, certain drugs initially approved for use in diabetes patients gained market acceptance for use in weight loss following fda approvals for weight loss indications. the availability and effectiveness of weight loss drugs have adversely impacted our da vinci surgical system bariatric procedures by causing some patients to reconsider the surgical option. at this time, it is difficult to predict the long-term market impact of these drugs, including their long-term efficacy and potential drawbacks. we cannot be certain that physicians will use our products to replace or supplement established treatments or that our products will continue to be competitive with current or future technologies.
additionally, we face or expect to face competition from companies that develop or have developed wristed, robotic-assisted, or computer-assisted medical systems and products. companies have introduced products in the field of robotic medical procedures or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field including, but not limited to, the following companies: asensus surgical, inc.; beijing surgerii robotics company limited; cmr surgical ltd.; johnson & johnson; medicaroid corporation; medtronic plc; meerecompany inc.; noah medical; shandong weigao group medical polymer company ltd.; shanghai microport medbot (group) co., ltd.; and shenzhen edge medical co., ltd. other companies with substantial experience in industrial robotics could potentially expand into the field of medical robotics and become competitors. our revenues may be reduced due to pricing pressure or eliminated if our competitors develop and market products that are more effective or less expensive than our products. if we are unable to compete successfully, our revenues will suffer, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or result of operations. we may not be able to maintain or improve our competitive position against current or potential competitors, especially those with greater resources.
in addition, third-party service providers that service da vinci surgical system and ion endoluminal system operators may emerge and compete with us on price or offerings. to date, substantially all of our customers have sourced services on their systems from us through service contract commitments or time and materials contracts. furthermore, there are third-party service providers offering consulting services targeted at analyzing the cost-effectiveness of hospitals' robotic-assisted medical programs, including procedures performed, placement of systems, and consumption of instruments and accessories. we currently provide similar services and analysis to our customers, but it is difficult to assess the impact that this may have on our business. if we are unable to compete successfully with any third-party service providers, our revenues may suffer.
macroeconomic conditions could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
macroeconomic conditions, such as high inflationary pressure, changes to monetary policy, high interest rates, volatile currency exchange rates, credit and sovereign debt concerns, concerns about slowed growth in china and other ous markets, decreasing consumer confidence and spending, including capital spending, concerns about the stability and liquidity of certain financial institutions, the introduction of or changes in tariffs or trade barriers, and global or local recessions can adversely impact demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. recent macroeconomic conditions have been adversely impacted by geopolitical instability and military hostilities in multiple geographies (including the conflict between ukraine and russia and the conflict between israel and hamas), monetary and financial uncertainties, and the covid-19 pandemic.
the results of these macroeconomic conditions, and the actions taken by governments, central banks, companies, and consumers in response, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, higher inflation in the u.s. and globally, which is likely, in turn, to lead to an increase in costs and may cause changes in fiscal and monetary policy, including additional increases in table of contents interest rates. other adverse impacts of recent macroeconomic conditions have been, and may continue to be, supply chain constraints, logistics challenges, liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry, and fluctuations in labor availability.
adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties, or other third parties, or concerns or rumors about these events, have in the past led to, and may in the future lead to, market-wide liquidity problems. for example, on march 10, 2023, silicon valley bank ("svb") was closed by the california department of financial protection and innovation, which appointed the u.s. federal deposit insurance corporation ("fdic") as receiver. similarly, other institutions have been, and may continue to be, swept into receivership. uncertainty may remain over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry, and there may be unpredictable impacts to our business and our industry.
in a higher inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the prices of our products and services sufficiently to keep up with the rate of inflation. impacts from inflationary pressures could be more pronounced and materially adversely impact aspects of our business where revenue streams and cost commitments are linked to contractual agreements that extend further into the future, as we may not be able to quickly or easily adjust pricing, reduce costs, or implement countermeasures. a higher inflationary environment can also negatively impact raw material, component, and logistics costs that, in turn, may increase the costs of producing and distributing our products.
furthermore, hospitals and distributors may choose to postpone or reduce spending due to financial difficulties or difficulties in obtaining credit to finance purchases of our products due to increased interest rates and restraints on credit. hospitals and distributors may also be adversely affected by the liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry, as described above, that could result in delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of their ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. hospitals, in particular, are experiencing and may continue to experience financial and operational pressures as a result of staffing shortages, the supply chain environment, and high inflation, which could impact their ability to access capital markets and other funding sources, increase the cost of funding, or impede their ability to comply with debt covenants, all of which could impede their ability to provide patient care, defer elective surgeries, and impact their profitability. to the extent that hospitals face financial pressures, delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits, delayed access or loss of ability to draw on existing credit facilities, reductions in government spending, or higher interest rates, hospitals' ability or willingness to spend on capital equipment may be adversely impacted, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. additionally, with economic uncertainty, an increase in unemployment rates, and increasing health insurance premiums, co-payments and deductibles may result in cost-conscious consumers pursuing fewer elective surgical procedures, which, in turn, could adversely affect procedure volumes and system demand.
we are unable to predict the impact of efforts by central banks and federal, state, and local governments to combat elevated levels of inflation. if their efforts to create downward pressure on inflation are too aggressive, they may lead to a recession. alternatively, if they are insufficient or are not sustained long enough to bring inflation to lower, more acceptable levels, hospitals' ability or willingness to spend on capital equipment may be impacted for a prolonged period of time. if a recession occurs, economies weaken, or inflationary trends continue, our business and operating results could be materially adversely affected.
also, we have, and may continue to, experience supply chain constraints due to the current supply chain environment, including difficulties obtaining a sufficient supply of component materials used in our products. if interest rates continue to rise, access to credit may become more difficult, which may result in the insolvency of key suppliers, including single-source suppliers, which would exacerbate supply chain challenges. such supply chain constraints could cause us to fail to meet product demand, which could result in deferred or canceled procedures.
we are subject to a variety of risks due to our operations outside of the u.s.
we manufacture, perform research and development activities, and distribute our products in ous markets. revenue from ous markets accounted for approximately 34%, 33%, and 33% of our revenue for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. our ous operations are, and will continue to be, subject to a number of risks including:
•the failure to obtain or maintain the same degree of protection against infringement of our intellectual property rights due to differing intellectual property protection laws in ous countries from those in the u.s.;
•multiple ous regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could impact our ability to manufacture and sell our products;
•changes in tariffs, trade barriers, and regulatory requirements;
•protectionist laws, policies, and business practices that favor local competitors or lead to non-u.s. customers favoring domestic technology solutions, which could slow our growth in ous markets;
•local or national regulations that make it difficult or impractical to market or use our products;
•u.s. relations with the governments of the other countries in which we operate;
•the risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations;
•the expense of establishing facilities and operations in new foreign markets;
•the building and maintenance of an organization capable of supporting geographically dispersed operations, including appropriate business procedures and controls;
•anti-corruption laws, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to government officials;
•antitrust and anti-competition laws;
•economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets, including exposure to a higher degree of financial risk if we extend credit to customers in these economies; and
•business interruptions due to natural disasters, outbreak of disease, climate change, and other events beyond our control.
for example, in israel, we have certain research and development operations primarily related to digital products. depending on the length and extent of the conflict between israel and hamas, there may be adverse impacts to certain research and development timelines.
also, we have increased, and will continue to increase, our operations in china. there is inherent risk, based on the complex relationships between china and the u.s., that political, diplomatic, military, or other events could result in business disruptions, including increased regulatory enforcement against companies, tariffs, trade embargoes, or export restrictions. tariffs increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials that go into making them. these increased costs adversely impact the gross margin that we earn on our products. tariffs can also make our products more expensive for customers, which could make our products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. countries may also adopt other measures, such as controls on imports or exports of goods, technology, or data, which could adversely impact our operations and supply chain and limit our ability to offer our products and services as designed. these measures can require us to take various actions, including changing suppliers and restructuring business relationships. changing our operations in accordance with new or changed trade restrictions can be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations and distracting to management. such restrictions can be announced with little or no advance notice, and we may not be able to effectively mitigate all adverse impacts from such measures. political uncertainty surrounding trade and other international disputes could also have a negative effect on consumer confidence and spending. any of these events could reduce customer demand, increase the cost of our products and services, or otherwise have a materially adverse impact on our customers' and suppliers' businesses or results of operations.
for example, in 2020, the u.s. government amended the entity list rules to expand the requirement to obtain a license prior to the export of certain technologies. in addition, in 2020, a new u.s. regulation seeks to prohibit the u.s. government from contracting with companies who use the products or services of certain chinese companies. we believe that these regulations do not materially adversely impact our business at this time but cannot predict the impact that additional regulatory changes may have on our business in the future. these actions or similar actions may result in policies and regulations in response that could adversely affect our business operations in china or may otherwise limit our ability to offer our products and services in china and other parts of the world.
additionally, in july 2023, the chinese government launched a one-year anti-corruption campaign targeting the healthcare sector. the efforts of this campaign largely aim to curb kickbacks and corruption among individuals who have exploited their positions within medical institutions. as a result of this anti-corruption campaign, the medical institutions have heightened their scrutiny with respect to initiating tenders. therefore, some tenders were cancelled or delayed without an updated timeline. in the third and fourth quarters of 2023, the effect of this anti-corruption campaign contributed to fewer systems being placed in china. currently, the extent of the impact of this anti-corruption campaign on our business remains uncertain.
following a national referendum and enactment of legislation by the government of the uk, the uk formally withdrew from the eu and ratified a trade and cooperation agreement governing its relationship with the eu. the eu-uk trade and cooperation agreement (the "tca") was applied provisionally as of january 1, 2021, and entered into force on may 1, 2021. the tca does not specifically refer to medical devices. however, as a result of brexit, the eu medical devices regulation will not be implemented in the uk, and previous legislation that sought to mirror the eu medical devices regulation in the uk law has been revoked. the regulatory regime for medical devices in great britain continues to be based on the requirements derived from previous eu legislation, and the uk may choose to retain regulatory flexibility or align with the eu medical devices regulation going forward. on june 26, 2022, the mhra published its response to a 10-week consultation on the future regulation of medical devices in the uk. regulations implementing the new regime were originally scheduled to come into force in july 2023 but the mhra has confirmed that it is aiming for the core aspects of the new regime to apply from july table of contents
2025. devices which have valid ce certification issued by eu notified bodies under the eu medical devices regulation or medical devices directive are subject to transitional arrangements.
the government has confirmed that general medical devices compliant with the eu medical devices directive with a valid declaration and ce marking can be placed on the great britain market up until the sooner of expiry of certificate or june 30, 2028. medical devices, including custom-made devices, compliant with the eu medical devices regulation can be placed on the great britain market up until june 30, 2030. following these transitional periods, it is expected that all medical devices will require a uk conformity assessment mark. manufacturers may choose to use the ukca mark on a voluntary basis prior to the regulations coming into force. however, from july 2025, products that do not have existing and valid ce certification under the eu medical devices directive or eu medical devices regulation and are therefore not subject to the transitional arrangements will be required to carry the ukca mark if they are to be sold into the market in great britain. ukca marking will not be recognized in the eu. the rules for placing medical devices on the market in northern ireland, which is part of the uk, differ from those in great britain (england, scotland and wales) and continue to be based on eu law. the tca does provide for cooperation and exchange of information in the area of product safety and compliance, including market surveillance, enforcement activities and measures, standardization-related activities, exchanges of officials, and coordinated product recalls (or other similar actions). for medical devices that are locally manufactured but use components from other countries, the "rules of origin" criteria will need to be reviewed. depending on which countries products will ultimately be sold in, manufacturers may start seeking alternative sources for components if this would allow them to benefit from no tariffs. the rules for placing medical devices on the northern ireland market will differ from those in great britain. these developments, or the perception that any related developments could occur, have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions and financial markets, and our business would likely be impacted and the demand for our products could be depressed.
in addition, the u.s. federal government has made changes to the u.s. trade policy, including entering into a successor to the north american free trade agreement ("nafta"), known as the united states-mexico-canada agreement ("usmca"), effective as of july 1, 2020. in addition, the u.s. federal government has implemented, or is considering the imposition of, tariffs on certain foreign goods. such tariffs and, if enacted, any further legislation or actions taken by the u.s. federal government that restrict trade, such as additional tariffs, trade barriers, and other protectionist or retaliatory measures taken by governments in europe, asia, and other countries, could adversely impact our ability to sell products and services in our ous markets. tariffs could increase the cost of our products and the components and raw materials that go into making them. these increased costs could adversely impact the gross margin that we earn on our products, which could make our products less competitive and reduce consumer demand. countries may also adopt other protectionist measures that could limit our ability to offer our products and services.
furthermore, in certain markets, our ous sales are denominated in u.s. dollars. as a result, an increase in the value of the u.s. dollar relative to foreign currencies could make our products less competitive and/or less affordable in those ous markets.
if we are unable to meet and manage these risks, our ous operations may not be successful, which would limit the growth of our business and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or result of operations.
we are subject to litigation, investigations, and other legal proceedings relating to our products, customers, competitors, and government regulators that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, divert management's attention, and harm our business.
we are, and may become, subject to various legal proceedings and claims that arise in or outside the ordinary course of business. certain current lawsuits and pending proceedings to which we are party, including purported class actions, product liability litigation, and patent litigation, are described in note 8 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8.
in particular, our business exposes us to significant risks of patent claims, product liability claims, and competition claims (including antitrust claims), many of which are common in the medical device industry. for example, product liability claims have been brought against us by, or on behalf of, individuals alleging that they have sustained personal injuries and/or death as a result of purported product defects, the alleged failure to warn, and/or the alleged inadequate training by us of physicians regarding the use of the da vinci surgical system. the individuals who have brought the product liability claims seek recovery for their alleged personal injuries and, in many cases, punitive damages. current product liability claims have resulted in negative publicity regarding our company, and these and any other product liability or negligence claims or product recalls also could harm our reputation. refer to our risk factor titled "negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and reduced revenues" for additional risks related to the potential effects of negative publicity on our business. also, antitrust claims have been brought against us by third parties looking to compete in the instruments or servicing space and by certain customers.
table of contents the outcome of these product liability claims and other legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. we purchase and maintain business insurance for certain liabilities and self-insure our product liability claims through a fronting policy. we cannot determine whether our existing business insurance program would be sufficient to cover the costs or potential losses related to these lawsuits and proceedings or otherwise be excluded under the terms of any insurance policy. regardless of merit, litigation may be time-consuming and disruptive to our operations and cause significant legal costs (including settlements, judgments, legal fees, and other related defense costs) and diversion of management attention. if we do not prevail in these legal proceedings, we may be faced with significant monetary damages or injunctive relief against us that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. we could also be subject to governmental investigations in connection with many of these claims.
our reliance on sole- and single-sourced suppliers and ability to purchase at acceptable prices a sufficient supply of materials could harm our ability to meet product demand in a timely manner or within budget.
some of the components necessary for the assembly of our products are currently provided to us by sole-sourced suppliers or single-sourced suppliers. we generally purchase components through purchase orders rather than long-term supply agreements and generally do not maintain large volumes of inventory. while alternative suppliers exist and could be identified for single-sourced components, the disruption or termination of the supply of components, or inflationary pressure in our supply chain, could cause a significant increase in the costs of these components, which could affect our operating results. certain of our sole-sourced suppliers or single-sourced suppliers could be adversely affected by the macroeconomic conditions, such as liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry, that could result in delayed access or loss of access to their uninsured deposits or loss of their ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. a disruption or termination in the supply of components could also result in our inability to meet demand for our products, which could harm our ability to generate revenues, lead to customer dissatisfaction, and damage our reputation and our brand. furthermore, if we are required to change the manufacturer of a key component of our products, we may be required to verify that the new manufacturer maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations and guidelines. the time and processes associated with the verification of a new manufacturer could delay our ability to manufacture our products on schedule or within budget, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in addition, our ability to meet customers' demands depends, in part, on our ability to timely obtain an adequate delivery of quality materials, parts, and components from our suppliers. an information technology systems interruption, including cyberattacks, could adversely affect the ordering, distribution, and manufacturing processes of our suppliers. difficulties remain in obtaining a sufficient supply of semiconductor and other component materials, and we expect such difficulties to persist in the foreseeable future. prices of such materials have also increased, and global supply has become constrained due to the increased demand for materials, including semiconductors, to support expansion of server and cloud networks as a greater proportion of the global population worked remotely, the introduction of 5g, and the continued electrification of vehicles. we engage in activities to seek to mitigate such supply disruptions by, for example, increasing our communications with our suppliers and modifying our purchase order coverage and inventory levels. such global shortages in important components have resulted in, and will continue to cause, inflationary pressure in our supply chain, which would impact our profits and profit margin. if shortages and price increases in important supply-chain materials in the semiconductor or other markets continue, we could also fail to meet product demand, which would adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
new product developments and introductions may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we develop and introduce new products with enhanced features and extended capabilities from time to time. we may introduce new products that target different markets than what our existing products target. the success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, timely and successful research and development, regulatory clearances, approvals, or certifications, establishment or maintenance of intellectual property rights, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing costs and capacity, the management of supply costs, including mitigation of unforeseen supply chain disruptions for materials and components, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction.
we invest substantially in various research and development projects to expand our product offerings. our research and development efforts are critical to our success, and our research and development projects may not be successful. we may be unable to develop and market new products successfully, and the products we invest in and develop may not be well-received by customers or meet our expectations. our research and development investments may not generate significant operating income or contribute to our future operating results for several years, and such contributions may not meet our expectations or even cover the costs of such investments. in addition, the introduction or announcement of new products or product table of contents enhancements may shorten the life cycle of our existing products or reduce demand for our current products, thereby offsetting any benefits of successful product introductions and potentially leading to challenges in managing inventory of existing products.
our products are subject to various regulatory processes, and we must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals and certifications in order to sell our new products. if a potential purchaser believes that we plan to introduce a new product in the near future or is located in a country where a new product that we have introduced has not yet received regulatory clearance or certification, planned purchases may be deferred or delayed. in the past, we have experienced a slowdown in demand for existing products in advance of new product introductions, and we may experience a slowdown in demand in the future as well. it is also possible that a new product introduction could cause downward pressure on the prices of our existing products or require us to change how we sell our products, either of which could have material adverse effects on our revenues.
if we fail to effectively develop new products and manage new product introductions in the future, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely impacted.
manufacturing our products is a complex process. we (or our critical suppliers) may encounter difficulties in scaling up or maintaining production of our products, including:
•shortages of qualified personnel; and if demand for our products exceeds our manufacturing capacity, we could develop a substantial backlog of customer orders. if we are unable to develop or maintain larger-scale manufacturing capabilities or build new manufacturing capabilities or facilities on schedule or within budget, our ability to generate revenue and maintain profit margins as expected will be limited and our reputation in the marketplace could be damaged, all of which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in addition, as we build new facilities for manufacturing capacity, the development of these facilities is subject to risks relating to our ability to complete our projects on schedule or within budget. refer to our risk factor titled "we are subject to risks associated with real estate construction and development" for additional risks related to building our new manufacturing facilities.
also, after new manufacturing facilities are completed, we may encounter difficulties transferring our production lines from our existing facilities to the new facilities, which require qualification, validation, and regulatory approval and is subject to all of the risks highlighted above. moreover, certain new manufacturing facilities are in foreign countries and in locations where we have not previously had manufacturing sites, both of which could increase the risks related to transferring our production lines. the facility transfers may require an increase in safety stock inventory to support the production line transfers, create a substantial backlog of customer orders, or increase costs while the production lines mature, all of which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we expect gross profit margins to vary over time, and changes in our gross profit margins could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
our gross profit margins have fluctuated from period to period, and we expect that they will continue to fluctuate in the future. our gross profit margins may be adversely affected by numerous factors, including:
•changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including the mix of system models sold or leased;
•changes in the portion of sales involving a trade-in of another system and the amount of trade-in credits given;
•our introduction of new products, which may have lower margins than our existing products;
•changes in our pricing strategy;
•changes in production volume driven by demand for our products;
•changes in material, labor, or other manufacturing-related costs, including the impact of foreign exchange rate fluctuations for foreign currency-denominated costs;
•changes to u.s. and foreign trade policies, such as the enactment of tariffs on goods imported into the u.s. including, but not limited to, goods imported from mexico where we manufacture a majority of our instruments that we sell;
•inventory obsolescence, which may result from maintaining significant inventories of raw materials, components, and finished goods;
•market conditions.
if we are unable to offset the unfavorable impact of the factors noted above by increasing the volume of products shipped, reducing product manufacturing costs, or otherwise, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be adversely affected.
if our products do not achieve and maintain market acceptance, we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business.
the da vinci surgical system and our other products represent a fundamentally new way of performing medical procedures. achieving and maintaining physician, patient, and third-party payor acceptance of robotic-assisted medical procedures as a preferred method of performing these procedures is crucial to our success. if our products fail to achieve or maintain market acceptance, customers will not purchase our products, and we will not be able to generate the revenue necessary to support our business. we believe that physicians' and third-party payors' acceptance of the benefits of procedures performed using our products will be essential for acceptance of our products by patients. physicians will not recommend the use of our products unless we can demonstrate that they produce results comparable or superior to existing techniques. even if we can prove the effectiveness of our products through clinical studies, physicians may elect not to use our products for any number of other reasons. for example, cardiologists may continue to recommend conventional heart surgery simply because such surgery is already widely accepted. in addition, physicians may be slow to adopt our products because of the perceived liability risks arising from the use of new products and the uncertainty of reimbursement from third-party payors, particularly in light of ongoing healthcare reform initiatives and the evolving u.s. healthcare environment.
we expect that there will continue to be a learning process involved for patient care teams to become proficient in the use of our products. broad use of our products requires training of patient care teams. market acceptance could be delayed by the time required to complete this training. we may not be able to rapidly train patient care teams in numbers sufficient to generate adequate demand for our products.
if hospitals are unable to obtain coverage and reimbursement for procedures using our products, if reimbursement is insufficient to cover the costs of purchasing our products, or if limitations are imposed by governments on the amount hospitals can charge for certain procedures, we may be unable to generate sufficient sales to support our business.
in the u.s., hospitals generally bill for the services performed with our products to various third-party payors, such as medicare, medicaid, other government programs, and private insurance plans. if hospitals do not obtain sufficient reimbursement from third-party payors for procedures performed with our products, or if government and private payors' policies do not cover surgical procedures performed using our products, we may not be able to generate the revenues necessary to support our business. in addition, to the extent that there is a shift from an inpatient setting to outpatient settings, we may experience pricing pressure and a reduction in the number of procedures performed. our success in ous markets also depends on the eligibility of our products for coverage and reimbursement through government-sponsored healthcare payment systems and third-party payors. reimbursement practices vary significantly by country. many ous markets have government-managed healthcare systems that control reimbursement for new products and procedures. other foreign markets have both private insurance systems and government-managed systems that control reimbursement for new products and procedures. market acceptance of our products may depend on the availability and level of coverage and reimbursement in a country within a particular time. in addition, healthcare cost containment efforts similar to those in the u.s. are prevalent in many of the other countries in which we sell, and intend to sell, our products, and these efforts are expected to continue. refer to our risk factor titled "changes in healthcare legislation and policy may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations" for additional risks related to the ability of hospitals to obtain reimbursements.
in china, since 2022, several provinces, including the hunan provincial healthcare security administration, have implemented significant limits on what hospitals can charge patients for surgeries using robotic surgical technology, including soft tissue surgery and orthopedics. these limits have significantly impacted the number of procedures performed and have impacted our instruments and accessories revenue in those provinces. companies providing robotic surgical technology, table of contents including our joint venture in china, have been meeting with chinese government healthcare agencies to discuss these developments and to provide feedback. we cannot assure you that additional provincial or national healthcare agencies and administrations will not impose similar limits, and we expect to continue to face increased pricing pressure, both of which could further impact the number of procedures performed and our instruments and accessories revenue in china.
if our products contain defects or encounter performance problems, we may have to recall our products and our reputation may suffer.
our success depends on the quality and reliability of our products. while we subject components sourced and products manufactured to stringent quality specifications and processes, our products incorporate mechanical parts, electrical components, optical components, and computer software, any of which may contain errors or exhibit failures, especially when products are first introduced. component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects, or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks with respect to our products could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, the patient. in addition, new products or enhancements may contain undetected errors or performance problems that, despite testing, are discovered only after commercial shipment. because our products are designed to be used to perform complex surgical procedures, due to the serious and costly consequences of product failure, we and our customers have an increased sensitivity to such defects. in the past, we have voluntarily recalled certain products. although our products are subject to stringent quality processes and controls, we cannot provide assurance that our products will not experience component aging, errors, or performance problems. if we experience product flaws or performance problems, any or all of the following could occur:
•loss of revenue;
•delay in market acceptance;
•diversion of our resources;
•product recalls, including, but not be limited to, product withdrawals from the market, labeling changes, design changes, customer notifications, and notifications to global regulatory bodies;
•increased service or warranty costs; or costs associated with defects or performance problems of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we utilize distributors for a portion of our sales and service of our products in certain countries, which subjects us to a number of risks that could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we have strategic relationships with a number of key distributors for the sale and service of our products in certain countries. if these strategic relationships are terminated and not replaced, our revenues and/or ability to sell or service our products in the markets serviced by these distributors could be adversely affected. in addition, we may be named as a defendant in lawsuits against our distributors related to sales or service of our products performed by them. refer to our risk factor titled "we are subject to litigation, investigations, and other legal proceedings relating to our products, customers, competitors, and government regulators that could materially adversely affect our financial condition, divert management's attention, and harm our business." our distributors may affect our ability to effectively market our products in certain countries or regulatory jurisdictions if a distributor holds the regulatory authorization or certification in such countries or within such regions and causes, by action or inaction, the suspension of such marketing authorization or certification or sanctions for non-compliance. it may be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming for us to re-establish market access or regulatory compliance in such cases.
public health crises or epidemic diseases, or the perception of their effects, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
our global operations expose us to risks associated with public health crises and outbreaks of epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases, such as the current outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19). to date, covid-19 has had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our operations, our supply chains and distribution systems, and our expenses, including as a result of preventive and precautionary measures that we, other businesses, and governments have taken and may continue to take. in addition, hospitals are experiencing staffing shortages and supply chain issues that could impact their ability to provide patient care. due to these impacts and measures, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, significant and unpredictable reductions in the demand for our products as healthcare customers divert medical resources and priorities towards the treatment of that disease. also, our customers have delayed, cancelled, or redirected and, in the future, may delay, table of contents cancel, or redirect, planned capital expenditures in order to focus resources on covid-19 or in response to economic disruption related to covid-19. for example, as a result of the global covid-19 pandemic, in the first half of 2020, we experienced a significant decline in procedure volume in the u.s. and western europe, as healthcare systems diverted resources to meet the increasing demands of managing covid-19. in addition, u.s. and global public health bodies have, at times, recommended delaying elective surgeries during the covid-19 pandemic, which may continue to negatively impact the usage of our products and the number of da vinci procedures performed. these delays in elective surgeries may create a patient backlog. the patients in this backlog may or may not use our products when their surgeries are ultimately performed. also, as we are conducting ide studies to support 510(k) submission for da vinci platforms and for seeking new indications, we may experience delays in obtaining new product approvals, clearances from the fda, or approvals or certifications from foreign authorities or notified bodies, or we may experience delays in recruiting patients in our ongoing and planned clinical studies.
as a result of the covid-19 outbreak, we experienced significant business disruptions, including restrictions on our ability to travel as well as distribute and service our products, temporary closures of our facilities and the facilities of our suppliers and their contract manufacturers, and a reduction in access to our customers due to diverted resources and priorities and the business hours of hospitals, as governments institute prolonged shelter-in-place and/or self-quarantine mandates. for example, our corporate headquarters and many of our operations, including certain of our manufacturing facilities, are located in california, which previously instituted risk reduction orders applicable to our employees in that region, significantly impacting the ability of our employees to get to their places of work to produce products and hampering our products from moving through the supply chain. these unprecedented measures to slow the spread of the virus taken by local governments and healthcare authorities globally, including the deferral of elective medical procedures and social distancing measures, had, and may continue to have, a negative impact on our operations and financial results. furthermore, our future ways of working changes, including working from home, fully on-site, or in a hybrid fashion, may present additional risks, uncertainties, and costs that could affect our performance, including increased operational risk, uncertainty regarding office space needs, heightened vulnerability to cyberattacks due to remote work, potential reduced productivity, changes to our company culture, and increased costs to ensure our offices are safe and functional as hybrid offices that enable effective collaboration of both remote and in-person colleagues.
in addition, the covid-19 pandemic adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, which may result in a period of regional, national, and global economic slowdown or regional, national, or global recessions that could curtail or delay spending by hospitals and affect demand for our products as well as increased risk of customer defaults or delays in payments. our customers may terminate or amend their agreements for the purchase, lease, or service of our products due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, lack of funding, operational failures, or other reasons. covid-19 and the current financial, economic, and capital markets environment, and future developments in these and other areas, present material uncertainty and risk with respect to our performance, financial condition, volume of business, or results of operations.
outbreaks of other epidemic, pandemic, or contagious diseases, such as, historically, the ebola virus, middle east respiratory syndrome, severe acute respiratory syndrome, or the h1n1 virus, could also divert medical resources and priorities towards the treatment of that disease. an outbreak of other contagious diseases could negatively affect hospital admission rates or disrupt our business similar to the impact of the covid-19 pandemic highlighted above. any of these outbreaks could negatively impact the number of procedures performed and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we could be subject to significant, uninsured losses, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
for certain risks, we do not maintain insurance coverage due to cost and/or availability. for example, we self-insure our product liability risks, and we indemnify our directors and officers for third-party claims and do not carry insurance to cover that indemnity or the related underlying potential losses. also, we do not carry, among other types of coverage, earthquake insurance. in addition, in the future, we may not continue to maintain certain existing insurance coverage or adequate levels of coverage. premiums for many types of insurance have increased significantly in recent years and, depending on market conditions and our circumstances, certain types of insurance, such as directors' and officers' insurance, may not be available in the future on acceptable terms or at all. because we retain some portion of our insurable risks and, in some cases, we are entirely self-insured, unforeseen or catastrophic losses in excess of insurance coverage could require us to pay substantial amounts, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
information technology system failures, cyberattacks, or deficiencies in our cybersecurity could harm our business, customer relations, financial condition, or results of operations.
our information technology systems are critical to the success of our products, help us operate effectively and efficiently, interface with customers, maintain our supply chain and manufacturing operations, maintain financial accuracy and efficiency, table of contents and help us produce our consolidated financial statements. if we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper information technology infrastructure, we could be subject to transaction errors, processing inefficiencies, the loss of existing customers, difficulty attracting new customers, business operation disruptions, diversion of the attention of management and key information technology resources, security breaches, or the unauthorized access to, loss of, or damage to intellectual property, confidential information, or personal information. our information technology systems and those of our third-party service providers, strategic partners, and other contractors or consultants are vulnerable to attack, damage, or interruption from a variety of sources. these sources include computer viruses and malware (e.g., ransomware), malicious code, natural disasters, terrorism, war, telecommunication and electrical failures, hacking, cyberattacks, phishing attacks and other social engineering schemes, employee theft or misuse, human error, fraud, denial or degradation of service attacks, sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, or unauthorized access or use by persons inside our organization, or persons with access to systems inside our organization. the risk of a security breach or a disruption has generally increased in number, intensity, and sophistication. techniques used to compromise or sabotage systems, including the use of advanced technologies, such as machine learning or artificial intelligence, change frequently, may originate from less regulated and remote areas of the world, may be difficult to detect, and generally are not recognized until after they are launched against a target. as a result, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. if our information technology systems, or those of our critical third-party vendors, do not effectively and securely collect, store, process, and report relevant data for the operation of our business, our ability to effectively plan, forecast, and execute our business plan and comply with applicable laws and regulations could be impaired. any such impairment could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and the timeliness with which we report our internal and external operating results.
our business requires us to use and store customer, employee, and business partner personal information. this may include names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contact preferences, tax identification numbers, and payment account information. we have implemented, and our critical third-party vendors may implement, various controls, systems, and processes intended to secure our information technology systems and the information on it. for example, we require usernames and passwords in order to access our information technology systems and use encryption and authentication technologies to secure the transmission and storage of data. we also have programs in place to detect, contain, and respond to data security incidents, and we make ongoing improvements to our information-sharing products in order to minimize vulnerabilities, in accordance with industry and regulatory standards. however, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. these security measures may be compromised as a result of security breaches by unauthorized persons, employee error, malfeasance, faulty password management, or other irregularity and result in persons obtaining unauthorized access to our data or accounts. third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing usernames, passwords, or other sensitive information or otherwise attempt to hack into our information technology systems to obtain personal data relating to patients or employees, our confidential or proprietary information, or confidential information we hold on behalf of third parties. in addition, with the prolific use of artificial intelligence technologies, there is an increased risk of unauthorized or accidental disclosure. for example, our employees, third-party service providers, strategic partners, or other contractors or consultants may input inappropriate or confidential information into an artificial intelligence system (in particular, a system that is managed, owned, or controlled by a third party), thereby compromising our business operations. even if the vulnerabilities that may lead to the foregoing are identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate due to attackers increasingly using tools and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection, and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. the occurrence of any of these events may cause business operation disruptions, diversion of the attention of management and key information technology resources, and possibly lead to security breaches of, or the unauthorized access to, our confidential information or other business data. if the unauthorized persons successfully hack into or interfere with our connected products or services, they may create issues with product functionality that could pose a risk of the loss of data, a risk to patient safety, and a risk of product recall or field action, which could adversely impact our business and reputation. we may also face increased cybersecurity risks due to our reliance on internet technology and the number of our employees who are working remotely, a situation that has persisted since the beginning of the covid-19 pandemic, which may create additional opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities.
as described above, we also rely on external vendors to supply and/or support certain aspects of our information technology systems. the systems of these external vendors may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise the security of our own information technology systems, and we are dependent on these third parties to deploy appropriate security programs to protect their systems. in addition to potential exposure to data breaches, security and cybersecurity incidents, or other actions that may compromise the security of or interfere with the function of our systems, defects or vulnerabilities in the software or systems of our external vendors may expose failures in our internal controls and risk management processes, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations and may also harm our reputation, brand, and customer relationships.
table of contents while we devote significant resources to network security, data encryption, and other security measures to protect our systems and data, these security measures cannot provide absolute security. we and certain of our service providers are, from time to time, subject to cyberattacks and security breaches and incidents. we consider such cyberattacks or security breaches and incidents to be in the ordinary course of business for a company of our size in our industry. while we do not believe that we have experienced any significant system failure, accident, or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur, it could impair our ability to attract and retain customers for our products, impact the price of our stock, materially damage commercial relationships, and expose us to litigation or government investigations, which could result in penalties, fines, or judgments against us. the costs to us to eliminate or alleviate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, ransomware and other malicious software programs, and security vulnerabilities could be significant. our efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in unexpected interruptions, delays, cessation of service, and harm to our business operations. moreover, if a security breach affects our systems or results in the unauthorized release of personal information, our reputation and brand could be materially damaged, and use of our products and services could decrease. we would also be exposed to a risk of loss, litigation and potential liability, and regulatory scrutiny, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
furthermore, we may implement changes to information technology systems that could have significant impacts on our manufacturing, sales, and finance functions, among other teams. these impacts may include (i) operational disruptions resulting from the slow adaptation of the new information technology systems by employees, whether due to inadequate training or resistance to change, or data loss during the transition to the updated information technology system, including critical customer data, or improper planning leading to the loss of essential software features needed for specific business requirements; (ii) inaccurate financial reporting due to inaccurate data transfer or technical issues; (iii) financial losses due to system failures or cost overruns; (iv) security risks involving potential data breaches, unauthorized access, or loss of sensitive information; (v) compliance risks arising should the updated technology fail to meet regulatory requirements or industry standards; and (vi) strategic risks if the technology implementation fails to deliver the expected benefits.
while we maintain cyber insurance coverage that is intended to address data security risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses or claims that may arise.
the failure to attract and retain key personnel could harm our ability to compete, and changes in our existing labor relationships could materially adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we are highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. for example, our product development plans depend, in part, on our ability to attract and retain software, mechanical, electrical, and robotics engineers. attracting and retaining qualified personnel is critical to our success, and competition for qualified personnel is intense. we may not be able to attract and retain personnel on acceptable terms given the constrained labor market and competition for such personnel. additionally, as a result of the volatility in our stock price, certain long-term incentive benefits, such as equity grants, may be viewed as having less value and, accordingly, could lead to higher attrition. moreover, we may also encounter higher costs of labor through recruiting expenses, wage rates, retention benefits, or the potential existence of different employee/employer relationships, such as work councils and/or labor unions.
fluctuations in labor availability globally, including labor shortages and staff burnout and attrition, may also impact our ability to hire and retain personnel critical to our manufacturing, logistics, and commercial operations. the extent and duration of the impact of labor market challenges are subject to numerous factors, including the remaining impact of covid-19, availability of qualified and highly skilled persons in the markets where we operate and unemployment levels within these markets, behavioral changes, such as fully engaging employees, including those working from home or in a hybrid fashion, prevailing wage rates, health and other insurance and benefit costs, inflation, adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations or government programs, safety levels of our operations, and our reputation within the labor market. the loss of any of our qualified personnel or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel could harm our business and our ability to compete, and related expenses could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
moreover, if we fail to attract, motivate, or retain personnel, or relax our standards in order to meet the demands of our growth, our corporate culture, our ability to achieve our strategic objectives, and our compliance with obligations under our internal controls and other requirements may be harmed. we believe that a critical contributor to our success has been our corporate culture, which we believe fosters innovation, teamwork, and a focus on execution, as well as facilitates critical knowledge transfer and knowledge sharing. we could also be subject to union or council efforts to organize our employees. these organizational efforts, if successful, decrease operational flexibility and could adversely affect our operating efficiency. in addition, our response to any organizational efforts could be perceived negatively and harm our business and reputation.
table of contents negative publicity, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and reduced revenues.
there have been reports and articles published questioning patient safety and efficacy associated with robotic-assisted surgery with the da vinci surgical system, its cost relative to other disease management methods, and the adequacy of surgeon training. negative publicity, including statements made by public officials, whether accurate or inaccurate, concerning our products or our company could reduce market acceptance of our products and could result in decreased product demand and a decline in revenues. in addition, significant negative publicity could result in an increased number of product liability claims, regardless of whether these claims are meritorious. the number of claims could be further increased by plaintiffs' law firms that use a wide variety of media to advertise their services and solicit clients for product liability cases against us.
we experience long and variable capital sales cycles and seasonality in our business, which may cause fluctuations in our financial results.
the sales and purchase order cycle of our systems is lengthy, because the systems are major capital items and their purchase generally requires the approval of senior management of hospitals, their parent organizations, purchasing groups, and government bodies, as applicable. in addition, sales to some of our customers are subject to competitive bidding or public tender processes. these approval and bidding processes can be lengthy. as a result, hospitals may delay or accelerate system purchases in conjunction with the timing of their capital budget timelines. further, idn groups are creating larger networks of system users with increasing purchasing power and are increasingly evaluating their robotic-assisted surgery programs to optimize the efficiency of surgeries using da vinci surgical systems. further, the introduction of new products could adversely impact our sales cycle as customers take additional time to assess the benefits and costs of such products. as a result, it is difficult for us to predict the length of capital sales cycles and, therefore, the exact timing of capital sales. historically, our sales of da vinci surgical systems have tended to be heavier in the fourth quarter and lighter in the first quarter, as hospital budgets are reset.
we have experienced procedure growth for a number of benign conditions, including hernia repairs, hysterectomies, cholecystectomies, bariatrics, and certain other surgeries. many of these types of surgeries may be postponed in the short term by patients to avoid vacation periods and for other personal scheduling reasons. patients may also accelerate procedures to take advantage of insurance funding cut-off dates. historically, we have experienced lower procedure volume in the first and third quarters of the year and higher procedure volume in the second and fourth quarters of the year. the timing of procedures and changes in procedure growth directly affect the timing of instruments and accessories and capital purchases by customers.
the above factors may contribute to substantial fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. because of these fluctuations, it is possible that, in future periods, our operating results will fall below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. if that happens, the market price of our stock would likely decrease. these fluctuations, among other factors, also mean that our operating results in any particular period may not be relied upon as an indication of future performance.
we offer alternative capital acquisition approaches and, as a result, we are exposed to the credit risk of some of our customers and the risk of losses of revenue, which could result in material losses.
we believe customer financing through leasing is an important consideration for some of our customers and have experienced an increase in demand for customer financing. lease financing arrangements have the effect of reducing cash flows at lease commencement and, instead, spread them over the life of the lease term, which increases the time taken to recover our product costs and can impact our liquidity. we may experience losses from a customer's failure to make payments according to the contractual lease terms. our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by changes in healthcare laws, coverage, and reimbursement, economic pressures or uncertainty, or other customer-specific factors.
although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risks, there can be no assurance that such programs will be effective in reducing credit risks relating to these lease financing arrangements. if the level of credit losses we experience in the future exceeds our expectations, such losses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
certain of our leasing arrangements allow customers to cancel, return, or upgrade the systems leased prior to the end of the lease term without incurring a financial penalty. we also lease our systems to certain qualified customers where the lease payments are based on their usage of the systems. while leases, including usage-based arrangements, enable our customers to upgrade and get access to new technologies faster, it may also enable competitors to more easily induce customers to switch to a competitor's system. furthermore, depending on the timing and terms of the upgrade transaction, the amount of revenue generated on the initial and upgraded lease arrangements may not, in the aggregate, generate the same amount of revenue that a traditional sale and trade-in transaction would. also, if customers do not perform a sufficient number of procedures on our table of contents systems leased under usage-based arrangements, it could impact our profitability on those transactions. moreover, the usage of those systems could vary from quarter to quarter, which could result in higher variability in our revenue under those arrangements, including a significant reduction in revenue if the usage ends. additionally, if customers return or terminate these arrangements prematurely, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or result of operations.
third parties may offer to sell to our customers remanufactured and/or unauthorized instruments and accessories or to service our systems, which could negatively impact safety, our financial results, and our reputation.
a significant portion of our revenue is generated through our sales of instruments and accessories. third parties have offered and may continue to offer customers counterfeit instruments and accessories and/or instruments and accessories that have been remanufactured and/or are unauthorized, including instruments that have been remanufactured to support the use of some of our limited-use instruments beyond their labeled useful life. as of the filing date, we are unaware that the fda or any other regulatory agency has granted 510(k) or equivalent market authorization for the remanufacturing of any instruments for use with a da vinci x or da vinci xi surgical system, but we understand that the fda has granted 510(k) clearance to one company for a remanufactured endowrist instrument used with our da vinci si surgical system. while we generally do not approve the use by our customers of unauthorized and unapproved instruments and accessories that lack fda clearance or other applicable regulatory approval or certification with our systems, such activities could potentially result in reduced revenue, increased patient safety risks, and negative publicity for us if these products cause injuries and/or do not function as intended when used with our systems, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. in addition, we may be subject to laws that regulate or attempt to regulate the manner in which third-party instruments and accessories or third-party service providers interact with our systems, and such laws could also negatively impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
our business is subject to complex and evolving laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection, and other matters relating to information collection.
there are numerous state, federal, and foreign laws, regulations, decisions, and directives regarding data privacy and security and the collection, storage, transmission, use, disclosure, and other processing of different types of information about individuals and other data (including customer data), the scope of which is continually evolving and subject to differing interpretations. we may be subject to significant consequences, including penalties and fines, for any failure to comply with such laws, regulations, and directives.
for example, the gdpr, which is in effect across the eea, imposes several stringent requirements for controllers and processors of data relating to an identifiable living individual or "personal data" including, for example, imposing strict standards when obtaining consent from individuals to process their personal data, requiring robust disclosures to individuals, providing individual data rights, imposing short timelines for data breach notifications, limiting retention periods and secondary use of information, imposing certain requirements pertaining to health data as well as pseudonymized (i.e., key-coded) data, regulating cross-border transfers of personal data out of the eea, as well as additional obligations when we contract third-party processors in connection with the processing of personal data. the gdpr also includes a principle of accountability and the obligation to demonstrate compliance with the foregoing obligations through policies, procedures, training, and audits. the gdpr provides that eea member states may make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of genetic, biometric, or health data, which could limit our ability to use and share personal data or could cause our costs to increase and harm our business and financial condition. failure to comply with the requirements of the gdpr and the applicable national data protection laws of the eea member states may result in significant fines, regulatory investigations, reputational damage, orders to cease/change our data processing activities, enforcement notices, assessment notices (for a compulsory audit), and/or civil claims (including class actions). compliance with data protection obligations imposed by gdpr and eea member state laws may be onerous and adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
further, since 2021, we have been subject to the uk gdpr, which, together with the amended uk data protection act 2018, retains the gdpr in uk national law. the uk gdpr mirrors the obligations, monetary fines, and enforcement regime under the gdpr; however, the relationship between the uk and the eu in relation to certain aspects of data protection law remains unclear, and it is unclear how uk data protection laws and regulations will develop in the medium to longer term and how data transfers to and from the uk will be regulated in the long term. these changes may lead to additional costs and increase our overall risk exposure. we are also subject to evolving eea and uk privacy laws on cookies, tracking technologies, and e-marketing, which continue to evolve and which regulators actively enforce.
in the united states, the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, as amended by the health information technology for economic and clinical health act of 2009, and regulations implemented thereunder, imposes privacy, security, and breach notification obligations on certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services that involve creating, receiving, maintaining, or transmitting individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of such covered table of contents entities and their covered subcontractors. entities that are found to be in violation of hipaa, as the result of a breach of unsecured personal information, a complaint about privacy practices, or an audit by the u.s. department of health and human services ("hhs"), may be subject to significant civil, criminal, and administrative fines and penalties and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if they are required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with hhs to settle allegations of hipaa non-compliance.
even when hipaa does not apply, according to the federal trade commission (the "ftc"), violating consumers' privacy rights or failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers' personal information secure may constitute unfair and/or deceptive acts or practices in violation of section 5(a) of the ftc act. the ftc has authority to initiate enforcement actions against entities that make deceptive statements about privacy and data sharing in privacy policies, fail to limit third-party use of personal health information, fail to implement policies to protect personal health information, or engage in other unfair practices that harm customers or that may violate section 5(a) of the ftc act. the ftc expects a company's data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information it holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. additionally, federal and state consumer protection laws are increasingly being applied by the ftc and states' attorneys general to regulate the collection, use, storage, and disclosure of personal or personally identifiable information, through websites or otherwise, and to regulate the presentation of website content.
further, the california consumer privacy act, as amended by the california privacy rights act (the "ccpa") gives california residents expanded rights to access, correct, and delete their personal information, opt out of certain personal information sharing, and receive detailed information about how their personal information is used. the ccpa imposes compliance burdens on many organizations doing business in california that collect personal information about california residents. the ccpa's definition of personal information is very broad and specifically includes biometric information (though information subject to hipaa is expressly exempted). the ccpa allows for significant fines by the state attorney general, as well as a private right of action from individuals in relation to certain security breaches. the enactment of the ccpa has prompted a wave of similar legislative developments in other u.s. states, such as virginia, colorado, connecticut, and utah, and at the federal level, reflecting a trend toward more stringent privacy legislation in the u.s. these developments are increasing our compliance burden and our risk, including risks of regulatory fines, litigation, and associated reputational harm.
in addition, recent legal developments in europe have created complexity and compliance uncertainty regarding certain transfers of personal data from the eea or uk to third countries, including the united states. case law from the court of justice of the european union (the "cjeu") states that the standard contractual clauses (a standard form of contract approved by the european commission as an adequate personal data transfer mechanism and potential alternative to the privacy shield) alone may not necessarily be sufficient in all circumstances and that transfers must be assessed on a case-by-case basis. on october 7, 2022, president biden signed an executive order on 'enhancing safeguards for united states intelligence activities,' which introduced new redress mechanisms and binding safeguards to address the concerns raised by the cjeu in relation to data transfers from the eea to the united states and which formed the basis of the new eu-us data privacy framework ("dpf"), as released on december 13, 2022. the european commission adopted its adequacy decision in relation to the dpf on july 10, 2023, rendering the dpf effective as an eu gdpr transfer mechanism to u.s. entities self-certified under the dpf. on october 12, 2023, the uk extension to the dpf came into effect (as approved by the uk government), as a uk gdpr data transfer mechanism to u.s. entities self-certified under the uk extension to the dpf. however, we expect the existing legal complexity and uncertainty regarding international persona data transfers to continue. in particular, we expect the dpf adequacy decision to be challenged.
we rely on a mixture of mechanisms to transfer personal data from our eu business to the u.s. and are evaluating whether additional mechanisms will be required to establish adequate safeguards for personal data. we expect the existing legal complexity and uncertainty regarding international personal data transfers to continue. in particular, we expect the dpf adequacy decision to be challenged and international transfers to the united states and to other jurisdictions more generally to continue to be subject to enhanced scrutiny by regulators. as supervisory authorities issue further guidance on personal data export mechanisms, including circumstances where the standard contractual clauses cannot be used and/or start taking enforcement action, we could suffer additional costs, complaints, and/or regulatory investigations or fines. as the regulatory guidance and enforcement landscape in relation to data transfers continues to develop, we could suffer additional costs, complaints, and/or regulatory investigations or fines, and we may have to stop using certain tools and vendors. moreover, if we are unable to transfer personal data between and among countries and regions in which we operate, it could affect the manner in which we provide our services. these operational changes could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in china, we are also subject to various aspects of the country's data compliance regime, which can include the cybersecurity law, the data security law, and the personal information protection law ("pipl"). in addition, the relevant government authorities of china promulgated several regulations or released a number of draft regulations for public comment that are designed to provide further implemental guidance in accordance with these laws. we cannot predict what impact the table of contents new laws and regulations or the increased costs of compliance, if any, will have on our operations in china, in particular the data security law or pipl, due to their recent enactment and the limited guidance available. it is also generally unclear how the laws will be interpreted and enforced in practice by the relevant government authorities, as these laws are drafted broadly and, thus, leave great discretion to the relevant government authorities to exercise.
in israel, the protection of privacy law, 5741-1981 (the "israeli privacy law") regulates the protection of privacy and personal data, along with several other specific regulations enacted thereunder and, in particular, the privacy protection regulations (data security), 5777-2017 (together with israeli protection of privacy law, the "israeli privacy law and regulations"). under the israeli privacy law and regulations, organizations are subject to various privacy and data protection requirements, including mandatory registration of databases with the israeli registrar of databases (if certain conditions are met), executing data processing agreements with data recipients, safeguarding the collection and processing of personal data, safeguarding the transfer of personal data (which is specifically subject to the requirements of the privacy protection regulations), personal data breach notification obligations, and other requirements. the privacy protection authority (the "ppa") is responsible for enforcement of the israeli privacy law and regulations and periodically publishes opinions and guidelines on privacy matters. in terms of enforcement, failure to comply with the israeli privacy law and regulations can result in ppa investigations, administrative fines or sanctions, and civil or criminal actions (civil proceedings may include statutory damages without the need to prove actual damages).
furthermore, any failure, or perceived failure, by us to comply with or make effective modifications to our policies or to comply with any federal, state, or international privacy, data-retention, or data-protection-related laws, regulations, orders, or industry self-regulatory principles could result in proceedings or actions against us by governmental entities or others, a loss of customer confidence, damage to our brand and reputation, and a loss of customers, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, various federal, state, and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact new or additional laws and regulations concerning privacy, data-retention, and data-protection issues, including laws or regulations mandating disclosure to domestic or international law enforcement bodies, which could adversely impact our business or our reputation with customers. for example, some countries have adopted laws mandating that some personal information regarding customers in their country be maintained solely in their country. having to maintain local data centers and redesign product, service, and business operations to limit personal information processing to within individual countries could increase our operating costs significantly.
ongoing and potential future global conflicts could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in february 2022, russian military forces launched a military action in ukraine, and sustained conflict and disruption in the region has continued. russia's military actions against ukraine have led to substantial expansion of sanction programs imposed by the united states, the european union, the united kingdom, canada, switzerland, japan, and other countries against russia, belarus, the crimea region of ukraine, the so-called donetsk people's republic, and the so-called luhansk people's republic, including, among others:
•blocking sanctions against some of the largest state-owned and private russian financial institutions (and their subsequent removal from the society for worldwide interbank financial telecommunication payment system) and certain russian businesses, some of which have significant financial and trade ties to the european union;
•blocking of russia's foreign currency reserves as well as expansion of sectoral sanctions and export and trade restrictions, limitations on investments and access to capital markets, and bans on various russian imports.
in retaliation against new international sanctions and as part of measures to stabilize and support the volatile russian financial and currency markets, the russian authorities also imposed significant currency control measures aimed at restricting the outflow of foreign currency and capital from russia, imposed various restrictions on transacting with non-russian parties, banned exports of various products, and imposed other economic and financial restrictions. the situation is rapidly evolving, and additional sanctions by russia on the one hand, and by the other countries on the other hand, could adversely affect the global economy, financial markets, energy supply and prices, certain critical materials and metals, supply chains, and global logistics and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
separately, on october 7, 2023, hamas, a u.s.-designated terrorist organization, launched a series of coordinated attacks from the gaza strip onto israel. on october 8, 2023, israel formally declared war on hamas, and the armed conflict is ongoing as of the date of this filing. hostilities between israel and hamas could escalate and involve surrounding countries in the middle east. furthermore, following hamas' attack on israel, the houthi movement, which controls parts of yemen, launched a number of attacks on marine vessels in the red sea. the red sea is an important maritime route for international trade. as a result of such disruptions, we may experience in the future extended lead times, delays in supplier deliveries, and increased freight costs. the risk of ongoing supply disruptions may further result in delayed deliveries of our products.
table of contents we are actively monitoring the situation in ukraine and russia and the conflict between israel and hamas and assessing the impacts on our business, including our business partners and customers. to date, we have not experienced any material interruptions in our infrastructure, supplies, technology systems, or networks needed to support our operations. we have no way to predict the progress, outcome, or consequences of the military conflict in ukraine or its impacts in ukraine, russia, belarus, europe, or the u.s., or of the conflict in the israel-gaza regions and any potential increases in hostilities in the middle east.
the length, impact, and outcome of ongoing military conflicts is highly unpredictable and could lead to significant market and other disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices and supply of energy resources, instability in financial markets, supply chain interruptions, political and social instability, trade disputes or trade barriers, changes in consumer or purchaser preferences, as well as an increase in cyberattacks and espionage. the extent and duration of the military action, sanctions, other consequences, such as restrictions on transactions or banning the export of energy products, including natural gas, and the resulting market disruptions could be significant and could potentially have substantial impact on the global economy and our business for an unknown period of time. impacts to our business may include, but are not limited to, procedures performed, demand for our products, and ability to spend on capital equipment and healthcare in general. any such disruption may also magnify the impact of other risks described.
incorporating artificial intelligence into our products, services, and operations may result in legal and regulatory risks or reputational harm or have other adverse consequences to our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
our current operations, products, and services use artificial intelligence ("ai"), including machine learning. examples of our current uses of machine learning include (i) using algorithms to process video and system data to identify surgical activities and surgical performance indicators to support learning, teaching, and practice management, and (ii) using algorithms to support surgical planning and navigation. future innovations in our products and services will likely continue to incorporate ai, and these applications may become important in our operations over time, for example, our development of machine learning-enabled medical devices ("mlmds").
as with many technological innovations, there are significant risks and challenges involved in maintaining and deploying these technologies, and there can be no assurance that the usage of such technologies will enhance our products or services or be beneficial to our business, including our efficiency or profitability.
our ability to continue to maintain or use such technologies may be dependent on access to specific third-party software and infrastructure, such as processing hardware, and we cannot control the availability or pricing of such third-party software and infrastructure, especially in a highly competitive environment. our products and services may not compete effectively with alternative products and services if we are not able to source and integrate the latest technologies into our products and services. in addition, a number of aspects of intellectual property protection in the field of ai are currently under development, and there is uncertainty and ongoing litigation in different jurisdictions as to the degree and extent of protection warranted for ai technologies and relevant system input and outputs. if we fail to obtain protection for the intellectual property rights concerning our ai technologies, or later have our intellectual property rights invalidated or otherwise diminished, our competitors may be able to take advantage of our research and development efforts to develop competing products, which could adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, or results of operations. refer to our risk factor titled "if we are unable to fully protect and successfully defend our intellectual property from use by third parties, our ability to compete in the market may be harmed" for additional risks related to intellectual property.
the regulatory landscape surrounding ai is also evolving, and the use of machine learning technologies may expose us to an increased risk of regulatory enforcement and litigation. for example, in october 2023, the fda, health canada, and the u.k.'s medicines and healthcare products regulatory agency jointly published the "predetermined change control plans for machine learning-enabled medical devices: guiding principles." these principles may require significant regulatory oversight, such as additional premarket review, and ongoing regulation through monitoring, maintenance, and improving device performance to ensure safety and effectiveness.
in the u.s., an executive order was issued in october 2023 on the safe, secure and trustworthy development and use of ai, emphasizing the need for transparency, accountability, and fairness in the development and use of ai, including in the healthcare industry. the order seeks to balance fostering innovation with addressing risks associated with ai by providing eight guiding principles and priorities, such as ensuring that consumers are protected from fraud, discrimination, and privacy risks related to ai. the order also calls for future regulations from various agencies, such as the department of commerce (to draft guidance for detecting and authenticating ai content) and the federal trade commission (to ensure fair competition and reduce consumer harm). in alignment with the order, other agencies have published guidance.
apart from the u.s., policymakers in key jurisdictions, such as the eu, are actively working on legislation and regulations to encourage the development and use of ethical and safe ai technologies. for example, on april 21, 2021, the european commission proposed a regulation seeking to establish a comprehensive, risk-based governance framework for ai in the eu market ("eu ai act"). the proposal is intended to apply to companies that develop, use, and/or provide ai in the eu and table of contents includes requirements around transparency, conformity assessments and monitoring, risk assessments, human oversight, security, and accuracy. in addition, on september 28, 2022, the european commission proposed two directives seeking to establish a harmonized civil liability regime for ai in the eu. these regulatory proposals are at varying stages of the legislative process and are not yet finalized; the eu ai act is at an advanced stage and the text is currently expected to be finalized by the end of 2023. once finalized and in force, this regulatory framework is expected to have a material impact on the way that ai is regulated in the eu and, together with developing guidance and/or decisions in this area, may affect our use of ai and our ability to provide, improve, or commercialize our services, require additional compliance measures and changes to our operations and processes, result in increased compliance costs and potential increases in civil claims against us, and could adversely affect our business, operations, and financial condition.
other jurisdictions where we operate have already or are also expected to introduce guidelines and regulations around the use of ai within the next few years. the regulations may impose onerous obligations and may require us to rework or reevaluate improvements to be compliant, potentially increasing costs.
moreover, some of the ai features of our products involve, or may involve, the processing of personal data and may be subject to laws, policies, legal obligations, and codes of conduct related to privacy and data protection, each of which may be interpreted in ways that may affect the way in which we engage with machine learning and require us to make changes to our business practices and products to comply with such obligations. our use of ai technologies may involve the storage and transmission of confidential or sensitive information, including personal information of employees, customers, and others, as well as protected health information of clients' patients. in addition, due to the sensitive nature of the information, the security features of our computers and systems, network, and communications systems infrastructure are critical to the success of our business. a breach or failure in our security measures could occur from a variety of circumstances and events, including third-party action, employee negligence or error, malfeasance, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, or ransom-related attacks by computer hackers, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software and databases, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors, or catastrophic events, and any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. for more information on risks associated with the processing of confidential and sensitive information, including personal information, refer to our risk factor titled "information technology system failures, cyberattacks, or deficiencies in our cybersecurity could harm our business, customer relations, financial condition, or results of operations."
though we have taken steps to be thoughtful in our development, training, and implementation of machine learning, including taking steps to comply with the laws and frameworks discussed above that are currently in effect, our machine learning-related processing could pose certain risks to our customers, including patients, clinicians, and healthcare institutions, and it is not guaranteed that regulators will agree with our approach to limiting these risks or to our compliance more generally. risks can include, but are not limited to, the potential for errors or inaccuracies in the algorithms or models used by the mlmds, the potential for bias or inaccuracies in the data used to train the mlmds, the potential for improper processing of personal information that could lead to deprecation of our algorithms, and the potential for cybersecurity breaches that could compromise patient data or device functionality. such risks could negatively affect the performance of our products, services, and business, as well as our reputation and the reputations of our customers, and we could incur liability through the violation of laws or contracts to which we are a party or civil claims.
our operating results are subject to volatility due to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. our primary exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates relates to revenue and operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. the weakening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar adversely affects our foreign currency-denominated revenue. margins on ous revenue could also be materially adversely affected by foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, as we may not be able to raise local prices to fully offset the strengthening of the u.s. dollar. conversely, the strengthening of foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar, while generally beneficial to our foreign currency-denominated revenue and earnings, may cause us to reduce pricing on our products in our ous markets and may cause us to incur losses on our foreign currency hedging instruments, thereby limiting the benefit that strengthened foreign currencies could have on our results of operations.
we attempt to mitigate a portion of these risks through foreign currency hedging, based on our judgment of the appropriate trade-offs among risk, opportunity, and expense. although we have established a hedging program to partially hedge our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, primarily related to transactions denominated in the euro, the british pound, the japanese yen, the korean won, the new taiwan dollar, and the swiss franc, and we regularly review our hedging program and make adjustments as necessary, our hedging activities may not offset more than a portion of the adverse financial impact caused by unfavorable movement in foreign currency exchange rates, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for additional discussion on the impact of foreign exchange risk.
table of contents if we do not successfully manage our collaboration, licensing, joint venture, strategic alliance, or partnership arrangements with third parties, we may not realize the expected benefits from such arrangements, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
from time to time, we enter into collaborations, in-licensing arrangements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships to complement or augment our research and development, product development, training, procedure development, and marketing efforts. for example, in 2016, we entered into an agreement to form the joint venture. in january 2019, the joint venture acquired certain assets related to the da vinci distribution business of chindex, a subsidiary of fosun pharma, following which the joint venture began direct distribution operations for da vinci products and services in china. there can be no assurance that we and the joint venture can successfully complete development of robotic-assisted, catheter-based medical devices, or that we and the joint venture will successfully commercialize such products. there can also be no assurance that the joint venture will not require additional contributions to fund its business, that the joint venture will become profitable, or that the expected benefits of the acquisition of certain assets of chindex will be realized. proposing, negotiating, and implementing collaborations, in-licensing agreements, joint ventures, strategic alliances, or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. in addition, other companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology, or other business resources, may compete with us for these opportunities or arrangements. as a result, we may not identify, secure, or complete any such arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or on otherwise favorable terms, if it all.
there can be no assurance that we will realize the expected benefits from these alliances. in addition, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding any collaboration or other arrangement, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and our alliances may have economic or business interests that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our interests. it is possible that conflicts may arise in these relationships, such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, such as those related to financial obligations, termination rights, or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration. these alliances can be difficult to manage, given the potentially different interests of the parties involved, and we could suffer delays in product development or other operational difficulties.
there can be no assurance that we will realize a return on our strategic investments. further, if we acquire privately held companies, valuations of such companies are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data. if we determine that our investments in privately held companies have experienced a decline in value, we may be required to record impairments, which could be material and have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
these alliances may also involve significant costs and divert the focus and attention of our management and other key personnel. any of these relationships may require us to incur non-recurring and other charges, increase our near- and long-term expenditures, or disrupt our ordinary business activities. such arrangements may also expose us to numerous known and unknown risks, including unique risks with respect to the economic, political, and regulatory environment of any foreign entities with whom we partner, including fosun pharma. any of the foregoing may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
if we fail to successfully acquire or integrate new businesses, products, and technology, we may not realize expected benefits, or our business may be harmed.
we need to grow our businesses in response to changing technologies, customer demands, and competitive pressures. in some circumstances, we may decide to grow our business through the acquisition of complementary businesses, products, or technologies rather than through internal development.
identifying suitable acquisition candidates can be difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and we may not be able to identify suitable candidates or successfully complete identified acquisitions. in addition, completing an acquisition can divert our management and key personnel from our business operations, which could harm our business and affect our financial results. even if we complete an acquisition, we may not be able to successfully integrate newly acquired organizations, products, technologies, or employees into our operations or may not fully realize some of the expected synergies. an acquired company may have deficiencies in product quality, regulatory marketing authorizations or certifications, or intellectual property protections, which are not detected during due diligence activities or which are unasserted at the time of acquisition. it may be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming for us to re-establish market access, regulatory compliance, or cure such deficiencies in product quality or intellectual property protection in such cases, which may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
integrating an acquisition can also be expensive and time-consuming and may strain our resources. in many instances, integrating a new business will also involve implementing or improving internal controls appropriate for a public company at a business that lacks them. in addition, we may be unable to retain the employees of acquired companies or the acquired company's customers, suppliers, distributors, or other partners for a variety of reasons, including that these entities may be our table of contents competitors or may have close relationships with our competitors. furthermore, acquired companies may have less mature or less sophisticated information systems, securities practices, or training, which may result in an increased risk of security and cybersecurity incidents when such companies are integrated. for example, in 2020, we acquired orpheus medical ltd. and its wholly owned subsidiaries ("orpheus medical") to deepen and expand our integrated informatics platform. the integration of this acquisition involved complex operations across different geographic locations and new products, distribution networks, and legal jurisdictions. failure to successfully integrate our acquisitions may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we are exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market value of our investments.
our investment portfolio includes both domestic and international investments. the credit ratings and pricing of our investments can be negatively affected by liquidity concerns, credit deterioration, financial results, economic risk, political risk, or other factors. as a result, the value and liquidity of our cash equivalents and marketable securities could fluctuate substantially. our other income and expense could also vary materially from expectations depending on gains or losses realized on the sale or exchange of investments, impairment charges resulting from revaluations of debt and equity securities and other investments, changes in interest rates, increases or decreases in cash balances, volatility in foreign exchange rates, and changes in the fair value of derivative instruments. increased volatility in the financial markets and overall economic uncertainty could increase the risk that actual amounts realized on our investments may differ significantly from the fair values currently assigned to them.
the value of our investments may also decline due to instability in the global financial markets, which may reduce the liquidity of securities included in our portfolio. the closure of svb and other institutions swept into receivership and the appointment of the fdic as receiver in 2023 created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk and concerns. although the u.s. department of the treasury, the federal reserve, and the fdic jointly released a statement that depositors at svb and other banks that have been similarly swept into receivership would have access to their funds, even those in excess of the standard fdic insurance limits, under a systemic risk exception, future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may impair our ability to access capital needed to support near-term working capital needs, whether from our existing investment and deposit accounts and credit facilities or otherwise, and may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages and create additional market and economic uncertainty. any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could also result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations.
our intuitive ventures fund invests in early-stage companies, which involve substantial risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include, among other things, uncertainties inherent in research and development; uncertainties regarding the ability of intuitive ventures to identify investment candidates; uncertainties regarding the success of intuitive ventures' investments; uncertainties and variables inherent in the operating and financial performance in investments made, including, among other things, competitive developments and general economic, political, business, industry, regulatory and market conditions; future exchange and interest rates; and changes in tax and other laws, regulations, rates and policies.
while we have not realized any significant losses on our cash equivalents, marketable securities, or other investments, future fluctuations in their value could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
changes in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we are subject to taxes in the u.s. and other jurisdictions around the world. tax rates in these jurisdictions may be subject to significant change due to economic and/or political conditions. a number of other factors may also impact our future effective tax rate, including:
•the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed;
•the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities;
•changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities;
•increases in expenses not deductible for tax purposes, including write-offs of acquired intangibles and impairment of goodwill in connection with acquisitions;
•changes in the availability of tax credits, tax holidays, and tax deductions;
•changes in share-based compensation;
•changes in tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws; and
•changes in generally accepted accounting principles.
table of contents we are unable to predict what changes to the tax laws of the u.s. and other jurisdictions may be proposed or enacted in the future or what effect such changes would have on our business, including changes resulting from the base erosion and profit shifting ("beps") project undertaken by the organization for economic co-operation and development ("oecd"). as part of the oecd's beps project, over 140 member jurisdictions of the oecd inclusive framework have joined the two-pillar solution to address the tax challenges of the digitalization of the economy, which includes a reallocation of taxing rights among jurisdictions and a global minimum tax rate of 15%. on december 15, 2022, the council of the european union approved its directive to implement rules regarding such a 15% global minimum tax rate. other countries have adopted, or have announced plans to adopt, new tax laws to align with the global minimum tax. these changes could increase tax uncertainty and may adversely impact our provision for income taxes. any significant increase in our future effective tax rate could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
disruptions at the fda and other government agencies or notified bodies could hinder their ability to hire, retain, or deploy personnel, or otherwise prevent products from being developed, cleared, certified, approved, or commercialized in a timely manner or at all, which may adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
hospitals, health systems, and physicians depend on a number of government agencies and services to effectively deliver healthcare to their patients. a prolonged government shutdown could impact inspections, regulatory review and certifications, grants, or approvals or could cause other situations that could impede their ability to effectively deliver healthcare, including attempts to reduce payments and other reimbursements to hospitals by federal healthcare programs. these situations could adversely affect our customers' ability to perform procedures with our devices and/or their decisions to purchase additional products from us.
in addition, the ability of the fda, foreign authorities, and notified bodies to review and clear, approve, or certify new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, and policy changes. in addition, government funding of other government agencies that fund research and development activities is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. disruptions at the fda and other agencies or notified bodies, including a prolonged government shutdown, may cause significant regulatory delays and, therefore, delay our efforts to seek clearances, approvals, or certifications from the fda, foreign authorities, and notified bodies and adversely affect business travel and import and export of products, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. for example, over the last several years, the u.s. government has shut down several times, and certain regulatory agencies, such as the fda, have had to furlough critical fda employees and stop critical activities.
separately, in response to the global covid-19 pandemic, the fda postponed most inspections of domestic and foreign manufacturing facilities at various points. even though the fda has since resumed standard inspection operations of domestic facilities where feasible, any resurgence of the virus or emergence of new variants may lead to further inspectional or administrative delays. if a prolonged government shutdown occurs, or if global health concerns prevent the fda, other regulatory authorities, or notified bodies from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, it could significantly impact the ability of the fda, other regulatory authorities, or notified bodies to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
for instance, in the eu, notified bodies must be officially designated to certify products and services in accordance with the eu medical devices regulation. their designation process, which is significantly stricter under the new regulation, has experienced considerable delays due to the covid-19 pandemic. despite a recent increase in designations, the current number of notified bodies designated under the new regulation remains significantly lower than the number of notified bodies designated under the previous regime. the current designated notified bodies are, therefore, facing a backlog of requests, and review times have lengthened. this situation could impact our ability to grow our business in the eu and eea.
we are subject to risks associated with real estate construction and development.
the development of our facilities is subject to risks relating to our ability to complete our projects on schedule or within budget. factors that may result in a development project being prevented or delayed from completion or exceeding budget include, but are not limited to (i) construction delays due to labor challenges, poor weather, defects, or cost overruns, which may increase project development costs; (ii) cost escalations associated with materials, including changes in availability, proximity, and cost of materials, such as steel, cement, concrete, aggregates, oil, fuel, and other construction materials, including potential risks arising from geopolitical conflicts, changes in u.s. trade policies and retaliatory responses from other countries, changes in foreign exchange rates, as well as cost escalations associated with subcontractors and labor; (iii) the discovery of hazardous or toxic substances, or other environmental, culturally-sensitive, or related issues; (iv) an inability to obtain, or a significant delay in obtaining, zoning, construction, occupancy, and other required governmental permits and authorizations; (v) difficulty in complying with local, city, county, and state rules and regulations regarding permitting, zoning, table of contents subdivision, utilities, and water quality, as well as federal rules and regulations regarding air and water quality and protection of endangered species and their habitats; (vi) insufficient infrastructure capacity or availability (e.g., water, sewer, and roads) to serve the needs of our projects; (vii) failure to achieve or sustain anticipated occupancy levels; (viii) condemnation of all or parts of development or operating properties, which could adversely affect the value or viability of such projects; and (ix) natural disasters and other extreme weather conditions, including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, or flooding.
climate change, natural disasters, or other events beyond our control could disrupt our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
natural disasters, terrorist activities, and other events beyond our control including, but not limited to, internet security threats and violence motivated by political or social causes, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations. moreover, global climate change could result in certain types of natural disasters occurring more frequently or with more intense effects. the impacts of climate change may include physical risks (such as frequency and severity of extreme weather conditions), social and human effects (such as population dislocations or harm to health and well-being), compliance costs, transition risks, shifts in market trends, and other adverse effects. such impacts may disrupt parties in our supply chain, our customers, and our operations. for example, the march 2011 earthquake and tsunami in japan, and their aftermath, created economic uncertainty and disrupted economic activities in japan, including a reduction in hospital spending.
physical risks associated with climate change are subject to increasing societal, regulatory, and political focus in the u.s. and globally. shifts in weather patterns caused by climate change are expected to increase the frequency, severity, or duration of certain adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, droughts, extreme temperatures, or flooding, which could cause more significant business and supply chain interruptions, damage to our products and facilities as well as the infrastructure of hospitals, medical care facilities, and other customers, reduced workforce availability, increased costs or reduced supply of raw materials and components, increased liabilities, and decreased revenues than what we have experienced in the past from such events. the geographic location of our california headquarters and many of our manufacturing facilities, as well as the facilities of certain of our key suppliers and service providers, subject them to earthquake, drought, and wildfire risks. if a major earthquake, wildfire, or other natural disaster were to damage our facilities or the facilities of our suppliers and service providers, or impact the ability of our employees or the employees of our suppliers and service providers to travel to their workplace, we may experience potential impacts ranging from production and shipping delays to lost revenues and increased costs, which could harm our business. moreover, periods with increased drought and annual periods of wildfire danger may increase the probability of planned power outages in the communities where we work and live. for example, in october 2019, pacific gas and electric, the public electric utility in the northern california region, used planned power outages to avoid and contain wildfires sparked during strong wind events by downed power lines or equipment failure. if prolonged or frequent, such planned blackouts could impact our operations and the operations of our suppliers and service providers located in the northern california region. while this danger has a low assessed risk of disrupting normal business operations, it has a potential impact on our employees' abilities to commute to work or to work from home and stay connected effectively. we do not have multiple-site capacity for all of our operations in the event of a business disruption, and we are predominantly self-insured and may not be able to sufficiently cover losses or additional expenses that we may sustain. furthermore, the impacts of global climate change on water resources may result in water scarcity, which could impact our ability to access sufficient quantities of water in certain locations and result in increased costs.
in addition, the increasing concern over climate change has resulted and may continue to result in more legal and regulatory requirements designed to mitigate the effects of climate change on the environment, including regulating greenhouse gas emissions, alternative energy policies, and sustainability initiatives. if such laws or regulations are more stringent than current legal or regulatory requirements, we may experience increased compliance burdens and costs to meet our regulatory obligations. changes in requirements may adversely affect raw material sourcing from suppliers, our manufacturing operations and those of our suppliers, and the distribution of our products. further, there may be increasing scrutiny and changing expectations from the market and other stakeholders with respect to environmental, social, and governance (esg) practices. any such regulatory changes or increased market expectations could also have a significant effect on our operating and financial decisions, including those involving capital expenditures to reduce emissions and comply with other regulatory requirements or stakeholder expectations.
continued consolidation in the healthcare industry could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
the healthcare industry has been consolidating, and organizations continue to consolidate purchasing decisions for many of our healthcare provider customers. numerous initiatives and reforms by legislators, regulators, and third-party payers to curb the rising cost of healthcare have catalyzed a consolidation of aggregate purchasing power within the markets in which we sell our products. as the healthcare industry consolidates, competition to provide products and services is expected to continue to intensify, resulting in pricing pressures and decreased average selling prices. in addition, for smaller hospitals or groups that do not consolidate with larger networks, these entities may face increasing cost and/or competitive pressures, which could impact table of contents their ability to purchase additional products and services from us or make contractual payments over time. we expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party payor coverage and reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, new entrants, technology, and societal pressures will continue to change the worldwide healthcare industry, resulting in further consolidation, which may exert further downward pressure on prices of our products and services and may have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we use estimates, make judgments, and apply certain methods in determining our financial results and in measuring the progress of our business. as these estimates, judgments, and methods change, our results of operations and our assessment of the progress of our business could vary.
the methods, estimates, and judgments we use in applying our accounting policies have a significant impact on our results of operations. such methods, estimates, and judgments are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, and factors may arise over time that may lead us to change our methods, estimates, and judgments. changes in any of our assumptions may adversely affect our reported financial results.
we utilize methods for determining surgical market sizes, the number and type (cancerous or benign) of certain procedures performed, and the installed base of our systems that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. our estimates of surgical market sizes, the number and type of procedures performed, or the installed base of our systems do not have an impact on our results of operations but are used to estimate the progress of our business. estimates and judgments for determining surgical market sizes, the number and type of procedures, and the installed base of our systems and the accuracy of these estimates may be impacted over time with changes in treatment modalities, hospital reporting behavior, system internet connectivity, distributor reporting behavior, increases in procedures per field employee, and other factors. in addition, from time to time, we may change the method for determining market sizes, the number and type of procedures, and the installed base of our systems, causing variation in our reporting.
risks relating to our regulatory environment complying with fda and foreign regulations is a complex process, and our failure to fully comply could subject us to significant enforcement actions.
because our products are commercially distributed, numerous quality and post-market regulatory requirements apply, including the following:
•continued compliance with the fda's qsr, which requires manufacturers to follow design, testing, control, documentation, and other quality assurance procedures during the development and manufacturing process;
•the fda's general prohibition against false or misleading statements in the labeling or promotion of products for unapproved or "off-label" uses;
•stringent complaint reporting and medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers keep detailed records of investigations or complaints against their devices and report to the fda if their device may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur;
•adequate use of the corrective and preventive actions process to identify and correct or prevent significant, systemic failures of products or processes or in trends that suggest the same; and
•the reporting of corrections and removals, which requires that manufacturers report to the fda recalls and field corrective actions taken to reduce a risk to health or to remedy a violation of the ffdca that may pose a risk to health.
we are subject to inspection and marketing surveillance by the fda to determine our compliance with regulatory requirements. if the fda finds that we have failed to comply, it can institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, ranging from inspectional observations (as set forth on fda form 483) to a public warning letter to more severe civil and criminal sanctions, including the seizure of our products and equipment or ban on the import or export of our products. the fda has, in the past, issued and could, in the future, issue warning letters or other adverse communications to us. if we fail to satisfy or remediate the matters discussed in any such warning letters or communications, the fda could take further enforcement actions, including prohibiting the sale or marketing of the affected product. our failure to comply with applicable requirements could lead to an enforcement action that may have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. the receipt of a warning letter could place certain limits on the ability to obtain fda-issued certificates to foreign government ("cfgs") used for new and re-registration of products in certain other countries.
the fda also strictly regulates labeling, advertising, promotion, and other activities relating to the marketing of our products. medical devices may be promoted only for their cleared or approved indications and in accordance with the table of contents provisions of the cleared or approved label. it is possible that federal or state enforcement authorities might take action if they consider our promotional or training materials to constitute promotion of an unapproved use, which could result in significant fines or penalties under a variety of statutory authorities, including under the ffdca, as well as laws prohibiting false claims for reimbursement.
in addition, any modification or change of medical devices cleared for the market requires the manufacturer to make a determination whether the change is significant enough to require new 510(k) clearance. we have created labeling, advertising, and user training for the da vinci surgical system to describe specific surgical procedures that we believe are fully within the scope of our existing 510(k) indications for use stated in our 510(k) clearances. although we have relied on expert in-house and external staff, consultants, and advisors, some of whom were formerly employed by the fda and are familiar with the fda perspective, we cannot provide assurance that the fda would agree that all such specific procedures are within the scope of the existing general clearance or that we have compiled adequate information to support the safety and efficacy of using the da vinci surgical system for all such specific procedures. from time to time, we modify our products, including the hardware and software in the da vinci surgical system, after we obtain 510(k) clearance from the fda for the devices in ways that we do not believe require new 510(k) clearance. we cannot provide assurance that the fda would agree in all cases with our determinations not to seek new 510(k) clearance for any of these changes. if the fda disagrees with our assessments that a new 510(k) clearance was not required prior to commercializing the devices with these changes or modifications, then the fda could impose enforcement sanctions and/or require us to obtain 510(k) clearance or other fda marketing authorization for any modification to our products. we may be prohibited from marketing the modified device until such marketing authorization is granted.
we have a wholly owned manufacturing facility located in mexicali, mexico, which manufactures reusable and disposable surgical instruments. this facility is registered with the fda as well as with mexican authorities. the facility is operated under u.s. and international quality system regulations, including those applicable to canada, the eu, and japan, among others. our wholly owned manufacturing facility in mexicali, mexico has an fda establishment registration but has not been inspected by the fda to date. if the fda were to identify non-conformances in our product documentation or quality system compliance, it could hold indefinitely the importation of instruments at the border, which would deprive us of the ability to sell and supply the majority of our customers until the fda requirements have been satisfied. similar supply disruptions could occur if key suppliers outside of the u.s. were to encounter non-conformances with their documentation or quality system compliance.
our products and operations are subject to extensive regulation in the u.s. by the fda. the fda regulates the development and clinical testing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, record keeping, promotion, sales, distribution, and post-market support and medical device reporting in the u.s. to ensure that medical products distributed domestically are safe and effective for their intended uses. in order for us to market products for use in the u.s., we generally must first obtain clearance from the fda pursuant to section 510(k) of the ffdca or approval of the product through the premarket approval ("pma") pathway. clearance under section 510(k) requires demonstration that a new device is substantially equivalent to another device with 510(k) clearance or grandfathered ("pre-amendment") status and for which a pma is not required. if we develop products in the future that are not considered to be substantially equivalent to a device with 510(k) clearance or grandfathered status, we may be required to obtain marketing authorization through the more burdensome pma process or alternatively through the de novo classification process, which is a path to market for novel devices that are low to moderate risk and for which a predicate device is not available. a pma is typically a much more complex, lengthy, and burdensome application than a 510(k) or a de novo classification request. to support a pma, the fda would likely require that we conduct one or more clinical studies to demonstrate that the device is safe and effective for its intended uses. in some cases, such studies may also be required to support a 510(k) application or a de novo classification request. the fda may not act favorably or quickly in its review of any marketing application submissions, or we may encounter significant difficulties and costs in our efforts to obtain marketing authorization from the fda, either of which could delay or preclude the sale of new products in the u.s. in addition, the fda may place significant limitations upon the intended use of our products as a condition of granting marketing authorization. product applications can also be denied or withdrawn due to failure to comply with regulatory requirements or the occurrence of unforeseen problems following marketing authorization. any delays or failure to obtain fda marketing authorization for new or modified products that we develop, any limitations imposed by the fda on new product use, or the costs of obtaining fda clearance or approvals could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in addition, the fda or other regulatory agencies may change their policies, adopt additional regulations, revise existing regulations, or take other actions that may prevent or delay approval or clearance of our products under development or impact our ability to modify our currently approved or cleared products on a timely basis. we may be found non-compliant as a result of future changes in, or interpretations of, regulations by the fda or other regulatory agencies. for example, on february 23, 2022, the fda issued a proposed rule to amend the qsr, which establishes current good manufacturing practice requirements table of contents for medical device manufacturers, to align more closely with the international organization for standardization ("iso") standards. this proposal has not yet been finalized or adopted. accordingly, it is unclear the extent to which this or any other proposals, if adopted, could impose additional or different regulatory requirements on us that could increase the costs of compliance or otherwise create competition that may negatively affect our business.
additionally, in september 2019, the fda issued revised guidance describing an optional "safety and performance based" premarket review pathway for manufacturers of "certain, well-understood device types" to demonstrate substantial equivalence under the 510(k) clearance pathway by showing that such device meets objective safety and performance criteria established by the fda, thereby obviating the need for manufacturers to compare the safety and performance of their medical devices to specific predicate devices in the clearance process. the fda maintains a list of device types appropriate for the "safety and performance based" pathway and continues to develop product-specific guidance documents that identify the performance criteria for each such device type, as well as the recommended testing methods, where feasible. the fda may establish performance criteria for classes of devices for which we or our competitors seek or currently have received clearance, and it is unclear the extent to which such performance standards, if established, could impact our ability to obtain new 510(k) clearances or otherwise create competition that may negatively affect our business.
in order to conduct a clinical investigation involving human subjects for the purpose of demonstrating the safety and effectiveness of a medical device, a company must, among other things, apply for and obtain irb approval of the proposed investigation. in addition, if the clinical study involves a "significant risk" (as defined by the fda) to human health, the sponsor of the investigation must also submit and obtain fda approval of an ide application. many of our products to date have been or would be considered significant risk devices requiring ide approval prior to investigational use. we may not be able to obtain fda and/or irb approval to undertake clinical trials in the u.s. for any new devices that we intend to market in the u.s. in the future.
even if we obtain such approvals, we may not be able to conduct studies that comply with the ide and other regulations governing clinical investigations or the data from any such trials may not support clearance or approval of the investigational device. clinical testing is difficult to design and implement, can take many years, can be expensive, and carries uncertain outcomes and, if we fail to complete our planned or ongoing clinical trials or if such clinical trials produce negative or inconclusive results, we may be delayed or prevented from obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to commercialize our products for new or expanded indications. additionally, we may experience delays in our ongoing clinical trials for any number of reasons, which could adversely affect the costs, timing, or successful completion of our clinical trials. if we fail to complete our planned and ongoing clinical trials or if such clinical trials produce negative or inconclusive results, we may be delayed or prevented from obtaining regulatory clearances or approvals to commercialize our products for new or expanded indications, which may limit the market for our products.
failure to obtain such approvals or to comply with such regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. certainty that clinical trials will meet desired endpoints, produce meaningful or useful data, and be free of unexpected adverse effects or that the fda will accept the validity of foreign clinical study data cannot be assured, and such uncertainty could preclude or delay market clearance or authorizations resulting in significant financial costs and reduced revenue.
our products may cause or contribute to adverse medical events or be subject to failures or malfunctions that we are required to report to the fda and foreign regulatory authorities and, if we fail to do so, we would be subject to sanctions that could harm our reputation, business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we are subject to the fda's medical device reporting regulations and similar foreign regulations, which require us to report to the fda and foreign regulatory authorities when we receive or become aware of information that reasonably suggests that one or more of our products may have caused or contributed to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that, if the malfunction were to recur, it could cause or contribute to a death or serious injury. the timing of our obligation to report is triggered by the date we become aware of the adverse event as well as the nature of the event. we may fail to report adverse events of which we become aware within the prescribed time frame. we may also fail to recognize that we have become aware of a reportable adverse event, especially if it is not reported to us as an adverse event or if it is an adverse event that is unexpected or removed in time from the use of the product. if we fail to comply with our reporting obligations, the fda or foreign regulatory authorities could take action, including warning letters, untitled letters, administrative actions, criminal prosecution, imposition of civil monetary penalties, revocation of our device clearance, approval, or certification, seizure of our products or delay in clearance, approval, or certification of future products.
the fda and foreign regulatory bodies have the authority to require the recall of commercialized products in the event of material deficiencies or defects in the design or manufacture of a product or in the event that a product poses an unacceptable risk to health. the fda's authority to require a recall must be based on a finding that there is reasonable probability that the table of contents device could cause serious injury or death. we may also choose to voluntarily recall a product if any material deficiency is found. a government‐mandated or voluntary recall by us could occur as a result of an unacceptable risk to health, component failures, malfunctions, manufacturing defects, labeling or design deficiencies, packaging defects, or other deficiencies or failures to comply with applicable regulations. product defects or other errors may occur in the future.
depending on the corrective action we take to redress a product's deficiencies or defects, the fda or foreign regulatory authorities may require, or we may decide, that we will need to obtain new clearances, approvals, or certifications for the device before we may market or distribute the corrected device. seeking such clearances, approvals, or certifications may delay our ability to replace the recalled devices in a timely manner. moreover, if we do not adequately address problems associated with our devices, we may face additional regulatory enforcement actions, including fda or foreign regulatory authorities warning letters, product seizure, injunctions, administrative penalties, or civil or criminal fines.
companies are required to maintain certain records of recalls and corrections, even if they are not reportable to the fda or foreign regulatory authorities. we may initiate voluntary withdrawals or corrections for our products in the future that we determine do not require notification of the fda or foreign regulatory authorities. if the fda or foreign regulatory authorities disagree with our determinations, it could require us to report those actions as recalls, and we may be subject to enforcement actions. a future recall announcement could harm our reputation with customers, potentially lead to product liability claims against us, and negatively affect our sales. any corrective action, whether voluntary or involuntary, as well as defending ourselves in a lawsuit, would require the dedication of our time and capital, distract management from operating our business, and may harm our reputation and financial results.
if our manufacturing facilities do not continue to meet federal, state, or other manufacturing standards, we may be required to temporarily cease all or part of our manufacturing operations, import/export of our products, and/or recall some products, which would result in significant product delivery delays and lost revenue.
our manufacturing facilities are subject to periodic inspection by regulatory authorities and notified bodies, and our operations will continue to be regulated and inspected by the fda and other regulatory agencies and notified bodies for compliance with good manufacturing practice requirements contained in the qsr and other regulatory requirements. we are also required to comply with iso quality system standards as well as eu legislation and norms in order to produce products for sale in the eu. in addition, many countries, such as canada and japan, have very specific additional regulatory requirements for quality assurance and manufacturing. if we fail to continue to comply with good manufacturing practice requirements, as well as iso or other regulatory standards, we may be required to cease all or part of our operations until we comply with these regulations.
we continue to be subject to fda and certain other inspections by other regulatory authorities and notified bodies at any time. maintaining such compliance is difficult and costly. we cannot be certain that our facilities will be found to comply with good manufacturing practice requirements or iso standards and other regulatory requirements in future inspections and audits by regulatory authorities and notified bodies.
we are currently participating in the medical device single audit program ("mdsap"), which allows an mdsap-recognized auditing organization to conduct a single regulatory audit of a medical device manufacturer that evaluates our quality system to assess compliance with the requirements of multiple regulatory jurisdictions, including the u.s., japan, brazil, australia, and canada. the information collected in an mdsap audit is shared and reviewed amongst all the regulatory authorities participating in the mdsap, who may or may not determine that additional information or auditing is required.
our sunnyvale, california facility is licensed by the state of california to manufacture medical devices. we have been subject to periodic inspections by the california department of health services food and drug branch and, if we are unable to maintain this license following any future inspections, we will be unable to manufacture or ship some products, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, both our sunnyvale, california and mexicali, mexico facilities are subject to periodic inspections by other regulatory bodies, including third-party auditors on behalf of national regulatory authorities. compliance with multiple regulatory standards is complex, difficult, and costly to maintain, and material deficiencies could result in significant limitations on our ability to manufacture, transport, and sell our products in one or more countries.
our products are subject to international regulatory processes and approval or certification requirements. if we do not obtain and maintain the necessary international regulatory approvals or certifications, we will not be able to sell our products in other countries.
to be able to sell our products in other countries, we must obtain regulatory approvals or certifications and comply with the regulations of those countries, which may differ substantially from those of the u.s. these regulations, including the table of contents requirements for approvals or certifications and the time required for regulatory review, vary from country to country. obtaining and maintaining foreign regulatory approvals or certifications is complex, and the time to obtain clearances or certifications in other countries varies; therefore, we cannot be certain that we will receive regulatory approvals or certifications in any other country in which we plan to market our products or obtain such approvals or certifications on a favorable schedule. if we fail to obtain or maintain regulatory approval or certification in any other country in which we plan to market our products, our ability to generate revenue will be harmed. in particular, if the fda refuses to provide cfgs, our ability to register products or renew such registrations may be delayed or denied.
for instance, one of the most significant moving targets related to the regulatory landscape is in the eu; more specifically, the regulation of medical devices has recently evolved. the eu medical devices regulation, which repeals and replaces the eu medical devices directive, became applicable on may 26, 2021. in accordance with its recently extended transitional provisions, both (i) devices lawfully placed on the market pursuant to the eu medical devices directive prior to may 26, 2021, and (ii) legacy devices lawfully placed on the eu market from may 26, 2021, in accordance with the eu medical devices regulation transitional provisions may generally continue to be made available on the market or put into service until december 31, 2028 (at the very latest and depending on the product risk classification) per the eu medical devices regulation extended transitional provisions, provided that the requirements of the transitional provisions are fulfilled. however, since may 26, 2021, manufacturers must already comply with a number of new, or reinforced, requirements set forth in the eu medical devices regulation, including registration of economic operators and of devices control plan, periodic safety update report ("psur"), notify body periodic vigilance report, post-market surveillance, clinical periodic review report, and vigilance requirements.
subject to the transitional provisions, in order to sell our products in eu member states, our products must comply with the general safety and performance requirements of the eu medical devices regulation. compliance with these requirements is a prerequisite to be able to affix the ce mark to our products, without which they cannot be sold or marketed in the eu. all medical devices placed on the market in the eu must meet the general safety and performance requirements laid down in annex i to the eu medical devices regulation, including the requirement that a medical device must be designed and manufactured in such a way that, during normal conditions of use, it is suitable for its intended purpose. it is the responsibility of the (manufacturer) person responsible for regulatory compliance ("prrc") to ensure such requirements are fulfilled and in place in the company. medical devices must be safe and effective and must not compromise the clinical condition or safety of patients or the safety and health of users and, where applicable, other persons, provided that any risks that may be associated with their use constitute acceptable risks when weighed against the benefits to the patient and are compatible with a high level of protection of health and safety, taking into account the generally acknowledged state of the art. to demonstrate compliance with the general safety and performance requirements, we must undergo a conformity assessment procedure, which varies according to the type of medical device and its (risk) classification and may include a technical documentation assessment and an onsite audit. except for low-risk medical devices (class i), where the manufacturer can self-assess the conformity of its products with the general safety and performance requirements (except for any parts that relate to sterility, metrology, or reuse aspects), a conformity assessment procedure requires the intervention of a notified body. the notified body would typically audit and examine the technical file and the quality system for the manufacture, design, and final inspection of our devices. if satisfied that the relevant product conforms to the relevant general safety and performance requirements and we have the organizational structure to support it (i.e., prrc), the notified body issues a certificate of conformity, which the manufacturer uses as a basis for its own declaration of conformity. the manufacturer may then apply the ce mark to the device, which allows the device to be placed on the market throughout the eu. if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, we would be unable to affix the ce mark to our products, which would prevent us from selling them within the eu or any countries recognizing the ce mark. the aforementioned eu rules are generally applicable in the eea.
in january 1999, further to their certification by our notified body, presafe, we affixed the ce mark to our da vinci surgical system and endowrist instruments, attesting compliance with the former eu medical devices directive, and we have maintained these certifications continuously since that time. subsequent products and accessories have also received certifications by our notified body in accordance with the former eu medical devices directive. where required, we are maintaining our certificates granted under the former eu medical devices directive and have either gained, or are working towards, certification under the eu medical devices regulation for all medical devices that we intend to continue to market in the eu and eea. should we not gain such certification, this would prevent us from selling our products in the eu and eea. should we not gain such certification by the end of the transitional period currently set forth in the eu medical devices regulation of december 31, 2027, for higher classification devices (class iii and certain class iib implantable devices), and december 31, 2028 for medium- and lower-risk devices (for the other class iib devices, class iia devices, and some class i devices), it would prevent us from selling our products in the eu and eea. we are committed to complying with the eu medical devices regulation for our legacy devices as well as any new device introduction in the market for the first time, transitioning progressively toward the eu medical devices regulation and, in parallel, benefiting from the eu medical devices regulation transitional provisions to continue marketing our devices in the eu and the eea under their eu medical devices directive certification until we obtain our new certifications.
table of contents further, switzerland, which is the country from which we import our products into the eu and where our eu regulatory team is based, has not yet entered into a mutual recognition agreement with the eu that covers the eu medical device regulation and allows medical devices to move freely between switzerland and the eu. therefore, for future needs, we will adjust the manner in which we bring our products into the eu market. any such adjustments could cause temporary disruptions in and have adverse financial implications to our business in europe.
to date, we received approvals from the japanese ministry of health, labor and welfare for our da vinci si, xi, x, and sp surgical systems and various associated instruments and accessories for use in certain da vinci procedures. we may seek additional approvals for other products and/or indications; however, there can be no assurance that such approvals will be granted. in addition, because not all of our instruments have received product approvals and reimbursement is an additional process to generate market acceptance, it is possible that procedures will be adopted slowly or not at all. sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of our products are reimbursed by governmental health administration authorities. there are multiple pathways to obtain reimbursement for procedures including those that require in-country clinical data and which are considered for reimbursed status in april of even-numbered years. if we are not successful in obtaining the necessary reimbursement approvals or obtaining approvals for future products and procedures, then the demand for our products could be limited. these limitations could eliminate a significant market opportunity for our products in japan.
our capital sales in china are subject to importation authorizations and purchasing tender processes. in june 2023, the china national health commission published the 14th five-year plan quota for major medical equipment to be sold in china on its official website. under the 2023 quota, the government will allow for the sale of 559 new surgical robots into china, which could include da vinci surgical systems as well as surgical systems introduced by others. future system sales and our ability to grow future procedure volumes are dependent on the completion of these purchasing tender authorizations. the timing and magnitude of these future authorizations, which may determine our system placements in future years, is not certain, and we expect to continue to experience variability in the timing of capital sales in china.
changes in healthcare legislation and policy may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
in the u.s., there have been, and continue to be, a number of legislative initiatives to contain healthcare costs. in march 2010, the aca was enacted, which made changes that have impacted and are expected to significantly impact the pharmaceutical and medical device industries.
the aca contained a number of provisions designed to generate the revenues necessary to fund health insurance coverage expansions among other things. this included a number of medicare payment system reforms, including a national pilot program on payment bundling to encourage hospitals, physicians, and other providers to improve the coordination, quality, and efficiency of certain healthcare services through bundled payment models and appropriated funding for comparative effectiveness research.
since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive branch, and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the aca. on june 17, 2021, the u.s. supreme court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the aca brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the aca. thus, the aca will remain in effect in its current form.
in addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the aca became law. these changes included an aggregate reduction in medicare payments, which went into effect on april 1, 2013, and will remain in effect through 2032, unless additional congressional action is taken, with the exception of a temporary suspension due to the covid-19 pandemic from may 1, 2020, through march 31, 2022. on january 2, 2013, the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 became law, which, among other things, further reduced medicare payments to several types of providers, including hospitals, imaging centers, and cancer treatment centers. macra repealed the formula by which medicare made annual payment adjustments to physicians and replaced the former formula with fixed annual updates and a new system of incentive payments that began in 2019 and are based on various performance measures and physicians' participation in alternative payment models, such as accountable care organizations. individual states in the u.s. have also become increasingly aggressive in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints and discounts, and require marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures.
we expect additional state and federal healthcare reform measures to be adopted in the future that could have a material adverse effect on our industry generally and on our customers. any changes to, or uncertainty with respect to, future reimbursement rates or changes in hospital admission rates could impact our customers' demand for our products and services, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
further, the federal, state, and local governments, medicare, medicaid, managed-care organizations, and foreign governments have, in the past, considered, are currently considering, and may, in the future, consider healthcare policies and proposals intended to curb rising healthcare costs, including those that could significantly affect both private and public reimbursement for healthcare services. future significant changes in the healthcare systems in the u.s. or other countries, table of contents including retroactive and prospective rate and coverage criteria changes, competitive bidding or tender processes for certain products and services, and other changes intended to reduce expenditures along with uncertainty about whether and how changes may be implemented, could have a negative impact on the demand for our products. we are unable to predict whether other healthcare policies, including policies stemming from legislation or regulations affecting our business may be proposed or enacted in the future, what effect such policies would have on our business, or what effect ongoing uncertainty about these matters will have on the purchasing decisions of our customers.
for instance, in december 2021, the eu regulation no. 2021/2282 on health technology assessment, amending directive 2011/24/eu, was adopted. while the regulation entered into force in january 2022, it will only begin to apply from january 2025 onwards, with preparatory and implementation-related steps to take place in the interim. once applicable, it will have a phased implementation depending on the concerned products. this regulation intends to boost cooperation among eu member states in assessing health technologies, including certain high-risk medical devices, and provide the basis for cooperation at the eu level for joint clinical assessments in these areas. it will permit eu member states to use common hta tools, methodologies, and procedures across the eu, working together in four main areas, including joint clinical assessment of the innovative health technologies with the highest potential impact for patients, joint scientific consultations whereby developers can seek advice from hta authorities, identification of emerging health technologies to identify promising technologies early, and continuing voluntary cooperation in other areas. individual eu member states will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical, etc.) aspects of health technology and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement.
we are subject to federal, state, and foreign laws governing our business practices, which, if violated, could result in substantial penalties. additionally, challenges to, or investigation into, our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to and, thus, could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act requires us to track and disclose the source of any tantalum, tin, gold, and tungsten used in manufacturing that may originate in the democratic republic of the congo or adjoining regions (so called "conflict minerals"). these metals are central to the technology industry and are present in some of our products as component parts. in most cases, no acceptable alternative material exists that has the necessary properties that our products require. because it is not possible to determine the source of the metals by analysis, we must obtain a good faith description of the source of the intermediate components and raw materials from parties in our supply chain. the components that incorporate those metals may originate from many sources, and we purchase fabricated products from manufacturers who may have a long and difficult-to-trace supply chain. as the spot price of these materials varies, producers of the metal intermediates can be expected to change the mix of sources used. accordingly, components and assemblies we buy may have a mix of sources as their origin. we are required to carry out a diligent effort to determine and disclose the source of these materials. there can be no assurance that we can obtain this information accurately or reliably, or at all, from intermediate producers who may be unwilling or unable to provide this information or further identify their sources of supply or to notify us if these sources change. in addition, these metals are subject to price fluctuations and shortages that can affect our ability to obtain the manufactured materials that we rely on at favorable terms or from consistent sources. these changes could have an adverse impact on our ability to manufacture and market our devices and products.
we are subject to healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal government and the states and foreign governments where we conduct our business. the healthcare laws and regulations that may affect our ability to operate include the federal anti-kickback statute, which prohibits the payment of remuneration to induce or reward hospitals, physicians, or other healthcare professionals either to refer patients or to purchase, lease, order, or arrange for or recommend the purchase, lease, or order of healthcare products or services for which payment may be made under the federal healthcare programs, such as medicare, medicaid, and other third-party payor programs. further, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. similar laws must be complied with at the state level and in foreign jurisdictions.
we must comply with the federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal false claims act, and civil monetary penalties laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from medicare, medicaid, or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent. although we do not submit claims directly to government payors, manufacturers can be held liable under the federal false claims act if they are deemed to "cause" the submission of false or fraudulent claims by, for example, providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label. in addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims act.
the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, which created additional federal criminal statutes prohibit, among other things, executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program and making false statements table of contents relating to healthcare matters. similar to the federal anti-kickback statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation.
these laws may affect our sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by limiting the kinds of financial arrangements that we may have with hospitals, physicians, or other potential purchasers of our products. they particularly impact how we structure our sales offerings, including discount practices, customer support, speaker, education, and training programs, physician consulting, and other service arrangements. these laws are broadly written, and it is often difficult to determine precisely how these laws will be applied to specific circumstances. violating anti-kickback laws and false claims laws can result in civil and criminal fines and penalties, which can be substantial and include monetary damages and penalties, imprisonment, and exclusion from government healthcare programs. even an unsuccessful challenge or investigation into our practices could cause adverse publicity and be costly to defend and, thus, could harm our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
the federal physicians payments sunshine act imposes reporting and disclosure requirements on certain device manufacturers for any "transfer of value" made or distributed to physicians (including family members), as defined by statute, certain non-physician practitioners, including physician assistants and nurse practitioners, and teaching hospitals. such information must be made publicly available in a searchable format. in addition, device manufacturers are required to report and disclose any ownership or investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members, as well as any transfers of value made to such physician owners and investors, during the preceding calendar year. similar requirements apply in foreign jurisdictions. failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties for all payments, transfers of value, or ownership or investment interests not reported in an annual submission. device manufacturers are required to submit reports to cms by the 90th day of each calendar year.
many states have similar laws and regulations, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of payor, in addition to items and services reimbursed under medicaid and other state programs. certain states mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs to ensure compliance with these laws, impose restrictions on device manufacturer marketing practices, and/or require the tracking and reporting of gifts, compensation, and other remuneration to physicians or marketing expenditures and pricing information. the shifting commercial compliance environment and the need to build and maintain robust and expandable systems to comply with multiple jurisdictions with different compliance and/or reporting requirements increases the possibility that a healthcare company may be found out of compliance with one or more of the requirements, subjecting us to significant civil monetary penalties.
compliance with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations that apply to our ous operations increases our cost of doing business in foreign jurisdictions and could expose us or our employees to fines and penalties in the u.s. and/or abroad. these numerous, and sometimes conflicting, laws and regulations include u.s. laws, such as the fcpa, and similar laws in other countries, such as the u.k. bribery act of 2010. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business, and damage to our reputation. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
our operations are subject to certain antitrust and competition laws in the jurisdictions in which we conduct our business, in particular the u.s. and the eu. these laws prohibit, among other things, anticompetitive agreements and practices. if any of our commercial agreements or practices are found to violate or infringe such laws, we may be subject to civil and other penalties. we may also be subject to third-party claims for damages. further, agreements that infringe upon these antitrust and competition laws may be void and unenforceable, in whole or in part, or require modification in order to be lawful and enforceable. if we are unable to enforce our commercial agreements, whether at all or in material part, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected.
we are also subject to claims, lawsuits, and government investigations involving labor and employment. such claims, lawsuits, and government investigations are inherently uncertain. regardless of the outcome, any of these types of legal proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of legal costs, diversion of management resources, and other factors.
we are also exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, manufacturers, suppliers, and any other third parties that we may engage in connection with the development and commercialization of our products may engage in fraudulent or illegal activity. misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless, and/or negligent conduct or disclosure of unauthorized activities to us that violates: (i) the laws of the fda and other similar regulatory authorities, including those laws requiring the reporting of true, complete, and accurate information to such authorities; (ii) manufacturing standards; (iii) data privacy, security, fraud, and abuse laws and regulations; or (iv) laws that require the true, complete, and accurate reporting of financial information or data. activities subject to these laws could also involve the improper use or misrepresentation of information obtained in the course of clinical trials or the creation of fraudulent data in clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and cause serious harm to our reputation. it is not always possible to identify and table of contents deter misconduct by employees and other third parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with such laws or regulations.
additionally, we are subject to the risk that a person or government could allege fraud or other misconduct, even if none occurred. if any such actions are instituted against us and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business or results of operations, including the imposition of significant civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines, disgorgements, possible exclusion from participation in medicare, medicaid, other u.s. federal healthcare programs, or healthcare programs in other jurisdictions, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance, imprisonment, other sanctions, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment of our operations.
if hospitals and other surgery facilities do not continue to meet federal, state, or other regulatory standards, they may be required to temporarily cease all or part of their system utilization.
our global customers are subject to periodic inspection by regulatory authorities. our customers are required to comply with applicable local and international regulations, including with respect to the reprocessing of our instruments and accessories. hospitals may not follow cleaning and sterilization instructions properly, or equipment used for cleaning and sterilization may malfunction or be used improperly. if our customers deviate from cleaning and sterilization instructions, regulatory authorities may require them to suspend the use of our systems.
risks relating to our intellectual property if we are unable to fully protect and successfully defend our intellectual property from use by third parties, our ability to compete in the market may be harmed.
our commercial success depends in part on obtaining patent protection for the proprietary technologies contained in our products and on successfully defending our patents against infringing products and/or services in litigation or administrative proceedings, including patent oppositions, reviews, or reexaminations. we incur substantial costs in obtaining patents and, if necessary, defending our patent rights. we do not know whether we will be successful in obtaining the desired patent protection for our new proprietary technologies or that the protection we do obtain will be found valid and enforceable when challenged. the success of defending our proprietary rights can be highly uncertain, because it involves complex and often evolving legal issues and procedures that are dependent on the particular facts of each case.
in addition to patents, we also rely on other intellectual property rights, such as trade secret, copyright, and trademark laws to protect proprietary technologies. we further utilize nondisclosure agreements and other contractual provisions as well as technical measures to protect our proprietary technologies. nevertheless, these measures may be inadequate in protecting our technologies. if these measures prove to be inadequate in protecting our technologies, our competitive advantages may be reduced. moreover, we may not have adequate remedies for potential breaches by employees, consultants, and others who participate in developing our proprietary technologies against their agreements with us regarding intellectual property. as a result, our trade secrets may be lost. notwithstanding our efforts to protect our intellectual property, our competitors may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or products that are equal to or superior to our technologies without infringing any of our intellectual property, which would harm our ability to compete in the market.
as foreign markets become more significant in revenue for us, our foreign operations and strategic alliances with foreign entities will likely increase. our exposure to risks associated with these operations requires us to increase our reliance on protecting our intellectual property against infringing products and/or services in markets outside of the u.s. the laws and judicial systems in these countries may introduce yet another level of uncertainty in our effort to obtain the desired protection as well as defending our rights.
others may be successful in asserting that our products infringe their intellectual property rights, which may cause us to pay substantial damages and/or enjoin us from commercializing our products.
as we continue to introduce and commercialize new products and technologies, there may be u.s. and foreign patents issued to third parties that relate to our products. some of these patents may be broad enough to cover one or more aspects of our products. we do not know whether any of these patents, if challenged, would be held valid, enforceable, and infringed. from time to time, we receive, and likely will continue to receive, letters from third parties accusing us of infringing and/or inviting us to license their patents. we may be sued by, or become involved in an administrative proceeding with, one or more of these third parties.
table of contents we cannot be certain that a court or administrative body would agree with any arguments or defenses that we may have concerning invalidity, unenforceability, or non-infringement of any third-party patent. in addition, other parties may have filed or will file patent applications covering products that are similar to or identical to ours. we cannot be certain that patents issuing from our own patent applications covering our products will have a priority date over any patents issuing from applications filed by a third party.
the medical device industry has experienced extensive intellectual property litigation and administrative proceedings. if third parties assert infringement claims or institute administrative proceedings against us, our technical and management personnel will need to spend significant time and effort, and we will incur large expenses in defending against these attacks. we cannot be certain that we will prevail in defending against infringement, validity, or enforceability claims against us. if plaintiffs in patent administrative proceedings are successful, our patent portfolio may be adversely affected. if plaintiffs in any patent action are successful, we may be enjoined from selling or importing our products, we may have to pay substantial damages, including treble damages, or we may be required to obtain a license that requires us to pay substantial royalties or relocate our manufacturing facilities. in addition, any public announcements related to litigation or administrative proceedings initiated or threatened against us could cause our stock price to decline.
we rely on technology that we license from others, including technology that is integral to our products. there is no assurance that we can obtain or retain licenses on acceptable terms or at all. the license agreements we have entered into with several industry partners may be terminated for breach. if any of these agreements are terminated, we may be unable to reacquire the necessary license on satisfactory terms or at all. the failure to obtain, retain, or maintain licenses could prevent or delay further development or commercialization of our products, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
general risk factors our future operating results may be below securities analysts' or investors' expectations, which could cause our stock price to decline.
due to the nascent nature of our industry, we have limited insight into trends that may emerge in our market and affect our business. the revenue and income potential of our market are unproven, and we may be unable to maintain or grow our revenue. our products typically have lengthy sales cycles. in addition, our costs may be higher than we anticipated. if we fail to generate sufficient revenues or our costs are higher than we expect, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. further, future revenue from sales of our products is difficult to forecast, because the market for new surgical technologies is still evolving. our results of operations could be impacted by numerous factors, including:
•the extent to which our products achieve and maintain market acceptance;
•inflationary pressures on the cost of producing and distributing our products;
•our timing and ability to develop our manufacturing and sales and marketing capabilities;
•the size and timing of particular sales and any collection delays related to those sales;
•the progress of surgical training in the use of our products;
•our ability to develop, introduce, and market new or enhanced versions of our products on a timely basis;
•the progress and results of any clinical trials.
our operating results in any particular period will not be a reliable indication of our future performance. it is possible that, in future periods, our operating results will be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors. if this occurs, the price of our common stock and the value of your investment will likely decline.
table of contents our stock price has been, and will likely continue to be, volatile.
the market price of our common stock has experienced fluctuations and may fluctuate significantly in the future. for example, during 2021, the adjusted closing price of our common stock reached a high of $365.42 and a low of $228.30; during 2022, it reached a high of $360.00 and a low of $183.06; and, during 2023, it reached a high of $354.93 and a low of $224.75. our stock price can fluctuate for a number of reasons, including:
•variations in our operating results and financial guidance;
•our introduction or abandonment of new technologies or products;
•changes in our product pricing policies;
•changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by analysts;
•changes in accounting policies;
•economic changes and overall market volatility;
•short sales on shares of our common stock or other activities by short sellers; and future stock repurchase programs will be contingent on a variety of factors, including our financial condition, results of operations, and business requirements. there can be no assurance that we will continue repurchasing our common stock in the future, consistent with historical levels or at all, or that our stock repurchase programs will have a beneficial impact on our stock price.
in addition, stock markets generally have experienced, and in the future may experience, significant price and volume volatility. this volatility has a substantial effect on the market prices of securities of many public companies for reasons frequently unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the specific companies. further, the securities of many medical device companies, including us, have historically been subject to extensive price and volume fluctuations that may affect the market price of their common stock. if these broad market fluctuations continue, it may have a material adverse impact on the market price of our common stock.
changes to financial accounting standards may affect our reported results of operations.
a change in accounting standards can have a significant effect on our reported results and may retroactively affect previously reported results. new accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. changes to existing standards or the reevaluation of current practices may adversely affect our reported financial results or the way we conduct our business.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview open surgery remains the predominant form of surgery and is used in almost every area of the body. however, the large incisions required for open surgery create trauma to patients, typically resulting in longer hospitalization and recovery times, increased hospitalization costs, and additional pain and suffering relative to minimally invasive surgery, where mis is available. for over three decades, mis has reduced trauma to patients by allowing selected surgeries to be performed through small ports rather than large incisions. mis has been widely adopted for certain surgical procedures.
da vinci surgical systems enable surgeons to extend the benefits of mis to many patients who would otherwise undergo a more invasive surgery by using computational, robotic, and imaging technologies to overcome many of the limitations of traditional open surgery or conventional mis. surgeons using a da vinci surgical system operate while seated comfortably at a console viewing a 3d, high-definition image of the surgical field. this immersive console connects surgeons to the surgical field and their instruments. while seated at the console, the surgeon manipulates instrument controls in a natural manner, similar to open surgical technique. our technology is designed to provide surgeons with a range of articulation of the surgical instruments used in the surgical field analogous to the motions of a human wrist, while filtering out the tremor inherent in a surgeon's hand. in designing our products, we focus on making our technology easy and safe to use.
our da vinci products fall into five broad categories: da vinci surgical systems, da vinci instruments and accessories, da vinci stapling, da vinci energy, and da vinci vision, including firefly fluorescence imaging systems and da vinci endoscopes. we also provide a comprehensive suite of systems, learning, and services offerings. digitally-enabled for nearly three decades, these three offerings aim to decrease variability by providing dependable, consistent functionality and an integrated user experience. our systems category includes robotic platforms, software, vision, energy, and instruments and accessories. our learning category includes educational technology, such as simulation and telepresence, as well as technical training programs and personalized peer-to-peer learning opportunities. our services category assists and optimizes minimally invasive programs through readiness, on-demand support, consultation for minimally invasive program optimization, and hospitals customized analytics. within our integrated ecosystem, our focus is to decrease variability in surgery by offering actionable insights, with digital solutions, to take action with the potential to improve outcomes, personalize learning, and optimize efficiency. we take a holistic approach, offering intelligent technology and systems designed to work together to make mis intervention more available and applicable.
we have commercialized the following da vinci surgical systems: the da vinci standard surgical system in 1999, the da vinci s surgical system in 2006, the da vinci si surgical system in 2009, and the fourth generation da vinci xi surgical system in 2014. we extended our fourth-generation platform by adding the da vinci x surgical system, commercialized in 2017, and the da vinci sp surgical system, commercialized in 2018. the da vinci sp surgical system accesses the body through a single incision, while the other da vinci surgical systems access the body through multiple incisions. all da vinci systems include a surgeon's console (or consoles), imaging electronics, a patient-side cart, and computational hardware and software. we are in the early stages of launching our da vinci sp surgical system, and we have an installed base of 177 da vinci sp surgical systems as of december 31, 2023. we have received fda clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system for urologic and certain transoral procedures, and we have received regulatory clearance in south korea, where the da vinci sp surgical system may be used for a broad set of procedures. in september 2022, we received regulatory clearance for the da vinci sp surgical system in japan for the same set of procedures as can be performed on the da vinci xi surgical system in japan. in january 2024, we obtained the european certification in accordance with 2017/745 eu mdr (medical devices regulation) for our da vinci sp surgical system for use in endoscopic abdominopelvic, thoracoscopic, transoral otolaryngology, transanal colorectal, and breast surgical procedures. we plan to commercialize the da vinci sp surgical system in select major european countries throughout 2024 as part of a measured rollout strategy. we plan to seek fda clearances for additional indications for the da vinci sp surgical system over time. we also plan to seek clearances (including for additional indications) in other ous markets over time. the success of the da vinci sp surgical system is dependent on positive experiences and improved clinical outcomes for the procedures for which it has been cleared as well as securing additional clinical clearances.
in addition, we have submitted regulatory filings in the u.s., japan, and south korea for our fifth-generation multi-port platform, da vinci 5. if we obtain the required regulatory clearances, we plan a phased launch over several quarters after clearance, giving us time to mature our supply and manufacturing processes for the new system.
we offer approximately 70 different multi-port da vinci instruments to provide surgeons with flexibility in choosing the types of tools needed to perform a particular surgery. these multi-port instruments are generally robotically controlled and provide end effectors (tips) that are similar to those used in either open or laparoscopic surgery. we offer advanced instrumentation for the da vinci x and da vinci xi platforms, including da vinci energy and da vinci stapler products, to provide surgeons with sophisticated, computer-aided tools to precisely and efficiently interact with tissue. the da vinci x and da vinci xi surgical systems share the same instruments, whereas the da vinci si surgical system uses instruments that are not table of contents compatible with the da vinci x or da vinci xi systems. we currently offer nine core instruments on our da vinci sp surgical system. we plan to expand the da vinci sp instrument offering over time.
training technologies include our intuitive simulation products, our intuitive telepresence remote case observation and telementoring tools, and our dual console for use in surgeon proctoring and collaborative surgery.
in 2019, the fda cleared our ion endoluminal system, which is a flexible, robotic-assisted, catheter-based platform that utilizes instruments and accessories for which the first cleared indication is minimally invasive biopsies in the lung. our ion system extends our commercial offering beyond surgery into diagnostic endoluminal procedures. the system features an ultra-thin, ultra-maneuverable catheter that can articulate 180 degrees in all directions and allows navigation far into the peripheral lung and provides the stability necessary for precision in a biopsy. many suspicious lesions found in the lung may be small and difficult to access, which can make diagnosis challenging, and ion helps physicians obtain tissue samples from deep within the lung, which could help enable earlier diagnosis. in march 2023, we obtained the european certification in accordance with 2017/745 eu mdr (medical devices regulation) for our ion endoluminal system and, in september 2023, we received regulatory clearance for our ion endoluminal system in south korea. we plan to seek additional clearances, approvals, and certifications for the ion endoluminal system in ous markets over time.
the success of new product introductions depends on a number of factors including, but not limited to, pricing, competition, market and consumer acceptance, the effective forecasting and management of product demand, inventory levels, the management of manufacturing and supply costs, and the risk that new products may have quality or other defects in the early stages of introduction.
macroeconomic environment uncertainty surrounding macroeconomic and geopolitical factors in the u.s. and globally characterized by the supply chain environment, inflationary pressure, higher interest rates, instability in the global financial markets, significant disruptions in the commodities' markets as a result of the conflict between russia and ukraine and the conflict between israel and hamas, labor shortages, and the introduction of or changes in tariffs or trade barriers may result in a recession, which could have a material adverse effect on our business.
supply chain constraints continued to show improvement as 2023 progressed, relative to 2022, based on fewer market constraints. notably, supply of semiconductor materials rebounded, while certain residual stresses remain. additionally, prices of such materials remain elevated due to either market demand or production-related cost inflation. with higher interest rates, access to credit may become more difficult and any insolvency of certain suppliers, including sole- and single-sourced suppliers, may have heightened continuity risks. we are actively engaged in activities to seek to mitigate the impact of any supply chain disruptions on our operations.
global shortages in important components have resulted in, and will continue to cause, inflationary cost pressure in our supply chain. to date, these supply chain challenges have not materially impacted our results of operations or ability to deliver products and services to our customers. however, supply constraints with certain materials, which may be unavoidable, could delay the timing of finished product deliveries, which could result in deferred or canceled procedures. additionally, if inflationary pressures in component costs persist, we may not be able to quickly or easily adjust pricing, reduce costs, or implement countermeasures. also, there is continued uncertainty surrounding the impact of any monetary policy changes taken by the u.s. federal reserve and other central banks to address the structural risks associated with inflation.
fluctuations in labor availability globally, including labor shortages and staff burnout and attrition, could also impact our ability to hire and retain personnel critical to our manufacturing, logistics, and commercial operations. we are also highly dependent on the principal members of our management and scientific staff. the loss of critical members of our team, or our inability to attract and retain qualified personnel, could significantly harm our operations, business, and ability to compete.
a number of hospitals continue to experience challenges with staffing and cost pressures that could affect their ability to provide patient care; however, the staffing challenges have shown signs of improvement during the second half of 2023, relative to the first half of 2023 and to the prior year. additionally, hospitals are facing significant financial pressure as supply chain constraints and inflation drive up operating costs, higher interest rates make access to credit more expensive, unrealized losses decrease available cash reserves, and fiscal stimulus programs enacted during the covid-19 pandemic wind down. hospitals may also be adversely affected by the liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry that could result in delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of their ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. as a consequence of the financial pressures and decreased profitability, some hospitals have indicated that they are lowering their capital investment plans and tightening their operational budgets. we believe that these factors have contributed to a softening in our u.s. capital pipeline, and we expect that demand for capital, particularly in the u.s., will continue to be impacted while macroeconomic conditions remain challenging. in addition, as overall competition for medical technologies, including robotic-assisted devices and treatment options, progresses in various markets, we will likely experience longer selling cycles and pricing pressures. any or all of these factors could negatively impact the number of da table of contents vinci procedures performed or the number of system placements and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations resulting in the failure to achieve our anticipated financial results.
we maintain the majority of our cash and cash equivalents in accounts with major u.s. and multi-national financial institutions, and our deposits exceed insured limits. market conditions could impact the viability of these institutions. to date, these market conditions and liquidity concerns have not impacted our results of operations. however, in the event of the failure of any of the financial institutions where we maintain our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we would be able to access uninsured funds in a timely manner or at all. any inability to access or delay in accessing these funds could adversely affect our business and financial position.
covid-19 pandemic in 2021, resurgences of the outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus (covid-19) affected da vinci procedure volumes at various times throughout the year in most of the markets that we operate in. after each resurgence, as covid-19 cases and hospitalizations subsided, we saw procedure volumes recover. in the u.s., the impact of high covid-related hospitalization rates on procedure volumes was exacerbated by staffing shortages. although hospitals were better equipped to handle covid patients as compared to the outset of the pandemic, covid-19 resurgences challenged hospital resources and negatively impacted da vinci procedure volumes. in addition, delays in diagnosis and treatment of underlying conditions had a negative impact on da vinci procedure volumes. volumes associated with benign procedures were generally impacted to a higher degree when covid-19 cases and hospitalizations increased, reflecting the deferability of certain elective surgeries.
in early 2022, a resurgence of covid-19 resulted in a significant increase in infections and hospitalization rates in the u.s. and certain countries in europe, which, in turn, negatively impacted procedure volumes in january and february. as infections and hospitalizations started to decrease in february in the u.s. and europe, we saw a recovery of procedure volumes. in march and during the second quarter of 2022, we also saw a resurgence in covid-19 cases and increased hospitalizations and government interventions impacting parts of asia, particularly china, which negatively impacted procedure volumes. during the third quarter of 2022, we did not experience significant disruptions from covid-19. in the fourth quarter of 2022, we saw a resurgence in covid-19 cases in china, which had a significant negative impact on our procedure volumes in the region.
in 2023, covid-19 resurgences in china continued to negatively impact our procedure volumes in january. however, in february and march, as infections and hospitalization started to decrease, we saw a recovery of procedure volumes. during the remainder of 2023, we did not experience significant disruptions from covid-19.
we expect the depth and extent to which covid-19 impacts individual markets to vary based on the availability of vaccinations, personal protective equipment, intensive care units and operating rooms, and medical staff, as well as other government interventions. additionally, covid-19 has, and may continue to, contribute to hospital staffing shortages, which impacts hospitals' ability to provide patient care and, in some cases, results in the deferral of elective surgeries. when covid-19 infection rates have spiked in a particular region in the past, procedure volumes were often negatively impacted and the diagnoses of new conditions and their related treatments were sometimes deferred. while we believe that there has been a backlog of patients that remains to be treated, and that such a backlog has positively contributed to 2023 procedure volumes, it is difficult to determine if and when any remaining backlog of patients will ultimately seek diagnosis and treatment and whether they will be treated through surgery.
business model overview we generate revenue from the placement of da vinci surgical systems, in sales or sales-type lease arrangements where revenue is recognized up-front or in fixed-payment or usage-based operating lease arrangements where revenue is recognized over time. we earn recurring revenue from the sales of instruments, accessories, and services, as well as revenue from operating leases. the da vinci surgical system generally sells for between $0.7 million and $2.5 million, depending on the model, configuration, and geography, and represents a significant capital equipment investment for our customers when purchased. our instruments and accessories have limited lives and will either expire or wear out as they are used in surgery, at which point they need to be replaced. we generally earn between $700 and $3,600 of instruments and accessories revenue per surgical procedure performed, depending on the type and complexity of the specific procedures performed and the number and type of instruments used. we typically enter into service contracts at the time systems are sold or leased at an annual fee between $80,000 and $200,000, depending on the configuration of the underlying system and the composition of the services offered under the contract. our system sale arrangements generally include a five-year period of service, with the first year of service provided for free. these service contracts have generally been renewed at the end of the initial contractual service periods.
we generate revenue from our ion endoluminal system in a business model consistent with the da vinci surgical system model described above. we generate revenue from the placement of ion systems, in sales or sales-type lease arrangements where revenue is recognized up-front or in fixed-payment or usage-based operating lease arrangements where revenue is table of contents recognized over time. we earn recurring revenue from the sales of instruments, accessories, and services, as well as revenue from operating leases. the ion system generally sells for between $500,000 and $650,000. our instruments and accessories have limited lives and will either expire or wear out as they are used in procedures, at which point they need to be replaced. we typically enter into service contracts at the time systems are sold or leased at an annual fee between $55,000 and $65,000.
additionally, as part of our ecosystem of products and services, we provide a portfolio of learning offerings and digital solutions. we do not currently generate material revenue from these offerings.
recurring revenue recurring revenue consists of instruments and accessories revenue, service revenue, and operating lease revenue. recurring revenue increased to $5.94 billion, or 83% of total revenue in 2023, compared to $4.92 billion, or 79% of total revenue in 2022, and $4.29 billion, or 75% of total revenue in 2021.
instruments and accessories revenue has grown at a faster rate than systems revenue over time. instruments and accessories revenue increased to $4.28 billion in 2023, compared to $3.52 billion in 2022 and $3.10 billion in 2021. the increase in instruments and accessories revenue largely reflects continued procedure adoption.
service revenue was $1.17 billion in 2023, compared to $1.02 billion in 2022 and $0.92 billion in 2021. the increase in service revenue was primarily driven by the growth of the base of installed da vinci surgical systems producing service revenue. the installed base of da vinci surgical systems grew 14% to approximately 8,606 as of december 31, 2023; 12% to approximately 7,544 as of december 31, 2022; and 12% to approximately 6,730 as of december 31, 2021.
we use the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems as metrics for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. management believes that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems are an indicator of the rate of adoption of our robotic-assisted medical procedures as well as an indicator of future recurring revenue. management believes that both it and investors benefit from referring to the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems also facilitate management's internal comparisons of our historical performance. we believe that the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems are useful to investors as metrics because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (2) they are used by institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the performance of our business. the vast majority of installed systems are connected via the internet. system logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. we utilize this information as well as other information from agreements and discussions with our customers that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. estimates and judgments for determining the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems may be impacted over time by various factors, including system internet connectivity, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and inherent complexities in new agreements. such estimates and judgments are also susceptible to technical errors. in addition, the relationship between the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems and our revenues may fluctuate from period to period, and growth in the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems may not correspond to an increase in revenue. the installed base, number of placements, and utilization of systems are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue or other financial information prepared and presented in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap").
intuitive system leasing since 2013, we have entered into sales-type and fixed-payment operating lease arrangements directly with certain qualified customers as a way to offer customers flexibility in how they acquire systems and expand their robotic-assisted programs while leveraging our balance sheet. these leases generally have commercially competitive terms as compared to other third-party entities that offer equipment leasing. we have also entered into usage-based operating lease arrangements with qualified customers that have committed da vinci programs where we charge for the system and service as the systems are utilized. we believe that these alternative financing structures have been effective and well-received, and we are willing to expand the proportion of these structures based on customer demand. we include systems placed under fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease arrangements, as well as sales-type lease arrangements, in our system placement and installed base disclosures. we exclude operating lease-related revenue, including usage-based revenue, and ion system revenue from our da vinci surgical system average selling price ("asp") computations.
table of contents the following table summarizes our system placements under leasing arrangements for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021:
da vinci system placements under leasing arrangements fixed-payment operating lease arrangements                                   304                     276                     333
usage-based operating lease arrangements                                     355                     216                     184
total da vinci system placements under operating lease arrangements          659                     492                     517
% of total da vinci system placements                                         48   %                  39   %                  38   %
total da vinci system placements under leasing arrangements                  704                     591                     668
ion system placements under leasing arrangements fixed-payment operating lease arrangements                                    63                      61                      43
usage-based operating lease arrangements                                      54                      40                       7
total ion system placements under operating lease arrangements               117                     101                      50
% of total ion system placements                                              55   %                  53   %                  54   %
total ion system placements under leasing arrangements                       122                     112                      57
revenue from fixed-payment operating lease arrangements is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term, and revenue from usage-based operating lease arrangements is recognized as the systems are used. we generally set fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease arrangements' pricing at a modest premium relative to purchased systems reflecting the time value of money and, in the case of usage-based operating lease arrangements, the risk that system utilization may fall short of anticipated levels. variable lease revenue recognized from usage-based operating lease arrangements has been included in our operating lease metrics herein. operating lease revenue has grown at a faster rate than overall systems revenue and was $501 million, $377 million, and $277 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively, of which $217 million, $133 million, and $78 million, respectively, was variable lease revenue related to our usage-based operating lease arrangements. as revenue for fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease arrangements is recognized over time, total systems revenue growth is reduced in a period when the number of operating lease placements increases as a proportion of total system placements. generally, lease transactions generate similar gross margins as our sale transactions.
the following table summarizes our systems installed at customers under operating leasing arrangements for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021:
da vinci system installed base under operating leasing arrangements fixed-payment operating lease arrangements                                      1,204                     1,018                       841
usage-based operating lease arrangements                                        1,023                       665                       453
total da vinci system installed base under operating lease arrangements         2,227                     1,683                     1,294
ion system installed base under operating leasing arrangements fixed-payment operating lease arrangements                                         96                        72                        50
usage-based operating lease arrangements                                          118                        60                        11
total ion system installed base under operating lease arrangements                214                       132                        61
our exposure to the credit risks relating to our lease financing arrangements may increase if our customers are adversely affected by economic pressures or uncertainty, changes in healthcare laws, coverage and reimbursement, or other customer-specific factors. as a result of these macroeconomic factors impacting our customers, we may be exposed to defaults under our lease financing arrangements. moreover, usage-based operating lease arrangements generally contain no minimum payments; therefore, customers may exit such arrangements without paying a financial penalty to us.
table of contents for some operating lease arrangements, our customers are provided with the right to purchase the leased system at certain points during and/or at the end of the lease term. revenue generated from customer purchases of systems under operating lease arrangements ("lease buyouts") was $74 million, $72 million, and $96 million for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. we expect that revenue recognized from customer exercises of buyout options will fluctuate based on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise their buyout options.
systems revenue system placements are driven by procedure growth in most markets. in some markets, system placements are constrained by regulation. in geographies where da vinci procedure adoption is in an early stage or system placements are constrained by regulation, system sales will precede procedure growth. system placements also vary due to seasonality largely aligned with hospital budgeting cycles. on an annual basis, we typically place a higher proportion of systems in the fourth quarter and a lower proportion in the first quarter as customer budgets are reset. systems revenue is also affected by the proportion of system placements under operating lease arrangements, recurring fixed-payment and usage-based operating lease revenue, lease buyouts, product mix, asps, trade-in activities, customer mix, and specified-price trade-in rights. we generally do not provide specified-price trade-in rights or upgrade rights at the time of a system purchase. however, we expect that the number of arrangements that may contain these specified-price trade-in rights will increase when we launch our fifth-generation multi-port platform, da vinci 5. systems revenue remained flat at $1.68 billion in 2023. systems revenue declined 1% to $1.68 billion in 2022. systems revenue grew 44% to $1.69 billion in 2021.
procedure mix / products our da vinci surgical systems are generally used for soft tissue surgery for areas of the body between the pelvis and the neck, primarily in general, gynecologic, urologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck surgeries. within these categories, procedures range in complexity from cancer and other highly complex procedures to less complex procedures for benign conditions. cancer and other highly complex procedures tend to be reimbursed at higher rates than less complex procedures for benign conditions. thus, hospitals are more sensitive to the costs associated with treating less complex, benign conditions. our strategy is to provide hospitals with attractive clinical and economical solutions across the spectrum of procedure complexity. our fully featured da vinci xi surgical system with advanced instruments (including da vinci energy and endowrist and sureform stapler products) and our integrated table motion product targets the more complex procedure segment. our da vinci x surgical system is targeted toward price-sensitive markets and procedures. our da vinci sp surgical system complements the da vinci xi and x surgical systems by enabling surgeons to access narrow workspaces.
procedure seasonality more than half of the da vinci procedures performed are for benign conditions, most notably hernia repairs, hysterectomies, and cholecystectomies. these benign procedures and other short-term elective procedures tend to be more seasonal than cancer operations and surgeries for other life-threatening conditions. seasonality in the u.s. for procedures for benign conditions typically results in higher fourth quarter procedure volume when more patients have met annual deductibles and lower first quarter procedure volume when deductibles are reset. seasonality outside of the u.s. varies and is more pronounced around local holidays and vacation periods, which have lower procedure volume. as a result of the factors outlined in the covid-19 pandemic section above, including past and potentially future recommendations of authorities to defer elective procedures, historical procedure patterns may be disrupted.
distribution channels we provide our products through direct sales organizations in the u.s., europe (excluding italy, spain, portugal, greece, and eastern european countries), china (through our intuitive-fosun pharma joint venture), japan, south korea, india, taiwan, and canada. in the remainder of our ous markets, we provide our products through distributors.
regulatory activities overview our products must meet the requirements of a large and growing body of international standards that govern the product safety, efficacy, advertising, labeling, safety reporting design, manufacture, materials content and sourcing, testing, certification, packaging, installation, use, and disposal of our products. examples of such standards include electrical safety standards, such as those of the international electrotechnical commission, and composition standards, such as the reduction of hazardous substances and the waste electrical and electronic equipment directives in the eu. failure to meet these standards could limit our ability to market our products in those regions that require compliance with such standards.
our products and operations are also subject to increasingly stringent medical device, privacy, and other regulations by regional, federal, state, and local authorities. after a device is placed on the market, numerous fda and comparable foreign regulatory requirements continue to apply. these requirements include establishment registration and device listing with the table of contents fda or other foreign regulatory authorities and compliance with medical device reporting regulations, which require that manufacturers report to the fda or other foreign regulatory authorities if their device caused or contributed, or may have caused or contributed, to a death or serious injury or malfunctioned in a way that would likely cause or contribute to a death or serious injury if it were to recur.
we anticipate that timelines for the introduction of new products and/or indications may be extended relative to past experience as a result of these regulations. for example, we have seen elongated regulatory approval timelines in the u.s. and europe.
clearances, approvals, and certifications we have generally obtained the regulatory clearances, approvals, and certifications required to market our products associated with our da vinci multi-port surgical systems (s, si, xi, and x systems) for our targeted surgical specialties within the u.s., south korea, japan, and the european markets in which we operate. since 2021, we have obtained regulatory clearances, approvals, and certifications for the following products:
•in january 2024, we obtained the european certification in accordance with 2017/745 eu mdr (medical devices regulation) for our da vinci sp surgical system for use in endoscopic abdominopelvic, thoracoscopic, transoral otolaryngology, transanal colorectal, and breast surgical procedures. we plan to commercialize the da vinci sp surgical system in select major european countries throughout 2024 as part of a measured rollout strategy. in september 2022, we obtained regulatory clearance for our da vinci sp surgical system in japan for use in general surgeries, thoracic surgeries (excluding cardiac procedures and intercostal approaches), urologic surgeries, gynecologic surgeries, and transoral head and neck surgeries.
•in september 2023, we received regulatory clearance in south korea for our ion endoluminal system. we expect the introduction of the ion system in south korea to follow the refinement of our training pathways in the region and the gathering of local clinical and economic data. in march 2023, we obtained the european certification in accordance with 2017/745 eu mdr (medical devices regulation) for our ion endoluminal system. in europe, we plan to initially focus on the united kingdom ("uk") market and on the collection of clinical data in support of our european reimbursement strategy. our ion system previously received fda clearance in the u.s. in 2019.
•following approval in june 2023 by china's national medical products administration ("nmpa") for a local version of our da vinci xi surgical system, in august 2023, our intuitive-fosun pharma joint venture received a manufacturing license that permits the joint venture to manufacture our da vinci xi surgical system for sale to customers in china.
•in july 2023, we received regulatory clearance for our e-200 generator in japan and south korea. in november 2022, we obtained fda clearance for our e-200 generator. the e-200 generator can be used in da vinci robotic procedures, as well as non-robotic open and laparoscopic procedures, to deliver high-frequency energy for cutting, coagulation, and vessel sealing of tissues. the e-200 generator includes the same advanced energy capability as the e-100 generator and supports the same vessel sealing instruments.
•in april 2023, we obtained fda clearance for the use of our da vinci sp surgical system in simple prostatectomy procedures. we also obtained fda clearance for the use of our da vinci sp surgical system in transvesical approaches to simple and radical prostatectomy.
•in october 2022, we received regulatory clearance in japan to market our 8 mm sureform 30 curved-tip and straight-tip stapler instruments and reloads for use in general, thoracic (except for cardiac), gynecologic, and urologic surgery. in december 2021, we obtained fda clearance for our 8 mm sureform 30 curved-tip stapler and reloads for use in general, thoracic, gynecologic, urologic, and pediatric surgery. we completed initial evaluations of the 8 mm sureform 30 stapler with certain customers in the u.s. in 2022. after the initial feedback, we are completing design changes and are targeting another submission in 2024.
•in march 2022, we received regulatory clearance in china to market our da vinci endoscope plus. we have also received regulatory clearances in south korea and japan to market our da vinci endoscope plus in december 2019 and may 2020, respectively. in june 2019, we obtained european certification for our da vinci endoscope plus for the da vinci xi and da vinci x surgical systems. following the european certification, in july 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our da vinci endoscope plus.
•in february 2022, we received regulatory clearance in china to market both our 12 mm sureform 45 stapler and sureform 60 stapler and corresponding reloads.
•in january 2022, we received regulatory clearance in china to market our da vinci vessel sealer extend with up to 7 mm vascular indications.
•in june 2021 and july 2021, we received regulatory clearance in south korea to market our sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and sureform 45 gray reload, respectively. in september 2019, we received regulatory clearance in japan to market both our sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and sureform 45 gray reload. in february 2019, we obtained european certification for our sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and sureform 45 gray reload and, in july 2019, we obtained fda clearance for our sureform 45 curved-tip stapler and sureform 45 gray reload, which round out our sureform 45 portfolio.
•in late 2020 and early 2021, we obtained fda clearance, european certification, and other regulatory clearances in most of our significant markets to market our extended use instruments.
refer to the descriptions of our new products that received regulatory clearances, approvals, or certifications in 2023, 2022, and 2021 in the recent product introductions section below.
in june 2023, the china national health commission published the 14th five-year plan quota for major medical equipment to be sold in china on its official website. under the 2023 quota, the government will allow for the sale of 559 new surgical robots into china, which could include da vinci surgical systems as well as surgical systems introduced by others. as of december 31, 2023, including systems that were sold in prior quarters, we have placed 76 da vinci surgical systems under the 2023 quota. future sales of da vinci surgical systems under this and any previously published open quotas are uncertain, as they are open to other medical device companies that have introduced robotic-assisted surgical systems and are dependent on hospitals completing a tender process and receiving associated approvals. also, our ability to track the number of systems that could be sold under these quotas in the future will be limited by provincial and national agencies making such information publicly available.
since 2022, several provinces, including the hunan provincial healthcare security administration, have implemented significant limits on what hospitals can charge patients for surgeries using robotic surgical technology, including soft tissue surgery and orthopedics. these limits have significantly impacted the number of procedures performed and have impacted our instruments and accessories revenue in those provinces. as of the date of this report, these limits have not had a material impact on our business, financial condition, or results of operations, as only a small portion of our installed base in china is currently located in the impacted provinces. companies providing robotic surgical technology, including our joint venture in china, have been meeting with chinese government healthcare agencies to discuss these developments and to provide feedback. we cannot assure you that additional provincial or national healthcare agencies and administrations will not impose similar limits, and we expect to continue to face increased pricing pressure, both of which could further impact the number of procedures performed and our instruments and accessories revenue in china.
the japanese ministry of health, labor, and welfare considers reimbursement for procedures in april of even-numbered years. the process for obtaining reimbursement requires japanese university hospitals and surgical societies, with our support, to seek reimbursement. there are multiple pathways to obtain reimbursement for procedures, including those that require in-country clinical and economic data. in april 2012 and april 2016, the mhlw granted reimbursement status for prostatectomy and partial nephrectomy, respectively. most prostatectomies and partial nephrectomies were open procedures prior to da vinci reimbursement. da vinci procedure reimbursement for prostatectomy and partial nephrectomy procedures are higher than open and conventional laparoscopic procedure reimbursements. an additional 12 da vinci procedures were granted reimbursement in april, 2018, including gastrectomy, low anterior resection, lobectomy, and hysterectomy, for both malignant and benign conditions, and an additional seven da vinci procedures were granted reimbursement in april, 2020. an additional eight da vinci procedures were granted reimbursement in april, 2022, including colon resection. in addition, we received higher reimbursement for da vinci gastrectomy procedures, as compared to open and conventional laparoscopic procedure reimbursements. the additional reimbursed procedures have varying levels of conventional laparoscopic penetration and will generally be reimbursed at rates equal to the conventional laparoscopic procedures. given the reimbursement level and laparoscopic penetration for these additional procedures, there can be no assurance that the adoption pace for these procedures will be similar to prostatectomy or partial nephrectomy, given their higher reimbursement, or any other da vinci procedure.
recalls and corrections medical device companies have regulatory obligations to correct or remove medical devices in the field that could pose a risk to health. the definition of "recalls and corrections" is expansive and includes repair, replacement, inspections, relabeling, and issuance of new or additional instructions for use or reinforcement of existing instructions for use and training when such actions are taken for specific reasons of safety or compliance. these field actions require stringent documentation, reporting, and monitoring worldwide. there are other actions that a medical device manufacturer may take in the field without reporting including, but not limited to, routine servicing and stock rotations.
as we determine whether a field action is reportable in any regulatory jurisdiction, we prepare and submit notifications to the appropriate regulatory agency for the particular jurisdiction. regulators can require the expansion, reclassification, or change in scope and language of the field action. in general, upon submitting required notifications to regulators regarding a field action that is a recall or correction, we will notify customers regarding the field action, provide any additional table of contents documentation required in their national language, and arrange, as required, the return or replacement of the affected product or a field service visit to perform the correction.
field actions, as well as certain outcomes from regulatory activities, can result in adverse effects on our business, including damage to our reputation, delays by customers of purchase decisions, reduction or stoppage of the use of installed systems, and reduced revenue as well as increased expenses.
procedures we model patient value as equal to procedure efficacy / invasiveness. in this equation, procedure efficacy is defined as a measure of the success of the procedure in resolving the underlying disease, and invasiveness is defined as a measure of patient pain and disruption of regular activities. when the patient value of a robotic-assisted procedure is greater than that of alternative treatment options, patients may benefit from seeking out surgeons or physicians and hospitals that offer robotic-assisted medical procedures, which could potentially result in a local market share shift. adoption of robotic-assisted procedures occurs by procedure and by market and is driven by the relative patient value and total treatment costs of robotic-assisted procedures as compared to alternative treatment options for the same disease state or condition.
we use the number and type of procedures as metrics for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. management believes that the number and type of procedures provide meaningful supplemental information regarding our performance, as management believes procedure volume is an indicator of the rate of adoption of our robotic-assisted medical procedures as well as an indicator of future revenue (including revenue from usage-based operating lease arrangements). management believes that both it and investors benefit from referring to the number and type of procedures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting, and analyzing future periods. the number and type of procedures also facilitate management's internal comparisons of our historical performance. we believe that the number and type of procedures are useful to investors as metrics, because (1) they allow for greater transparency with respect to key metrics used by management in its financial and operational decision-making, and (2) they are used by institutional investors and the analyst community to help them analyze the performance of our business. the vast majority of our installed systems are connected via the internet. system logs can also be accessed by field engineers for systems that are not connected to the internet. we utilize certain methods that rely on information collected from the installed systems for determining the number and type of procedures performed that involve estimates and judgments, which are, by their nature, subject to substantial uncertainties and assumptions. estimates and judgments for determining the number and type of procedures may be impacted over time by various factors, including changes in treatment modalities, hospital and distributor reporting behavior, and system internet connectivity. such estimates and judgments are also susceptible to algorithmic or other technical errors. in addition, the relationship between the number and type of procedures and our revenues may fluctuate from period to period, and procedure volume growth may not correspond to an increase in revenue. the number and type of procedures are not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, revenue or other financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
our systems and instruments are regulated independently in various countries and regions of the world. the discussion of indications for use and representative or target procedures is intended solely to provide an understanding of the market for our products and is not intended to promote for sale or use any intuitive product outside of its licensed or cleared labeling and indications for use.
da vinci procedures the adoption of robotic-assisted surgery using the da vinci surgical system has the potential to grow for those procedures that offer greater patient value than to non-da vinci alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers. our da vinci surgical systems are used primarily in general, urologic, gynecologic, cardiothoracic, and head and neck surgeries. we focus our organization and investments on developing, marketing, and training products and services for procedures in which da vinci can bring patient value relative to alternative treatment options and/or economic benefit to healthcare providers. target procedures in general surgery include hernia repair (both ventral and inguinal), colorectal, cholecystectomy, and bariatric procedures. target procedures in urology include prostatectomy and partial nephrectomy. target procedures in gynecology include hysterectomy for both cancer and benign conditions and sacrocolpopexy. in cardiothoracic surgery, target procedures include lung resection. in head and neck surgery, target procedures include transoral surgery. not all indications, procedures, or products described may be available in a given country or region or on all generations of da vinci surgical systems. surgeons and their patients need to consult the product labeling in their specific country and for each product in order to determine the cleared uses, as well as important limitations, restrictions, or contraindications.
in 2023, approximately 2,286,000 surgical procedures were performed with da vinci surgical systems, compared to approximately 1,875,000 and 1,594,000 surgical procedures performed with da vinci surgical systems in 2022 and 2021, respectively. the increase in our overall procedure volume in 2023 was largely attributable to growth in u.s. general surgery, ous urologic surgery, ous general surgery (particularly cancer), and u.s. gynecologic surgery procedures. the overall table of contents procedure volumes in the comparative 2022 and 2021 years reflect the disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above.
u.s. da vinci procedures overall u.s. procedure volume with da vinci surgical systems grew to approximately 1,532,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 1,282,000 in 2022 and approximately 1,109,000 in 2021. general surgery was our largest and fastest growing u.s. specialty in 2023 with procedure volume that grew to approximately 896,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 720,000 in 2022 and approximately 588,000 in 2021. gynecology was our second largest u.s. surgical specialty in 2023 with procedure volume that grew to approximately 390,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 341,000 in 2022 and approximately 316,000 in 2021. urology was our third largest u.s. surgical specialty in 2023 with procedure volume that grew to approximately 173,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 162,000 in 2022 and approximately 153,000 in 2021.
ous da vinci procedures overall ous procedure volume with da vinci surgical systems grew to approximately 754,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 593,000 in 2022 and approximately 485,000 in 2021. urology was our largest ous specialty in 2023 with procedure volume that grew to approximately 381,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 316,000 in 2022 and approximately 264,000 in 2021. general surgery was our second largest and fastest growing ous specialty in 2023 with procedure volume that grew to approximately 188,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 133,000 in 2022 and approximately 101,000 in 2021. gynecology was our third largest ous specialty in 2023 with procedure volume that grew to approximately 110,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 86,000 in 2022 and approximately 70,000 in 2021.
ion procedures the adoption of robotic-assisted bronchoscopy using the ion endoluminal system has the potential to grow if it can offer greater patient value than non-ion alternatives and competitive total economics for healthcare providers.
in 2023, approximately 54,000 biopsy procedures were performed with ion systems, compared to approximately 23,500 in 2022 and approximately 7,400 in 2021. the increase in our overall procedure volume in 2023 reflects a larger installed base of approximately 534 systems, an increase of 66% compared to the installed base of approximately 321 systems as of 2022. currently, the vast majority of ion biopsy procedures are performed in the u.s.
recent business events and trends procedures overall. total da vinci procedures performed by our customers grew approximately 22% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to approximately 18% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the growth in the comparative 2022 procedure results partially reflected disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic in both the 2022 and comparative 2021 procedure results, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. the 2023 procedure growth was largely attributable to growth in u.s. general surgery, ous urologic surgery, ous general surgery (particularly cancer), and u.s. gynecologic surgery procedures. delays in both the diagnosis and treatments of diseases reflecting disruptions caused by covid-19 have previously, and may continue to, adversely impact procedure volumes in periods with disruption. such delays may also create treatment backlogs that could have a beneficial impact on future period procedure volumes.
u.s. procedures. u.s. da vinci procedures grew approximately 19% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to approximately 16% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the 2022 procedure results (and comparative 2021 procedures results) reflected disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. the 2023 u.s. procedure growth was largely attributable to growth in general surgery procedures, most notably cholecystectomy, hernia repair, and colorectal procedures. growth in bariatric procedures decelerated in 2023. growth in the more mature gynecologic procedure category accelerated in 2023, while growth in the more mature urologic procedure category was more moderate.
given the already very high level of laparoscopic techniques used in cholecystectomy, it is unclear to what extent robotic-assisted surgery using da vinci may continue to be adopted.
we believe that growth in hernia repair using da vinci reflects improved clinical outcomes within certain patient populations, as well as potential cost benefits relative to certain alternative treatments. we believe that hernia repair procedures represent a significant opportunity with the potential to drive growth in future periods. however, given the differences in surgical complexity associated with the treatment of various hernia patient populations and varying surgeon opinions regarding table of contents optimal surgical technique, it is difficult to estimate the timing of and to what extent hernia repair procedure volume will grow in the future. we expect a large portion of hernia repairs will continue to be performed via different modalities of surgery.
the adoption of da vinci for colorectal procedures, which includes several underlying procedures, such as low anterior resections for rectal cancers and certain colon procedures for benign and cancerous conditions, has been ongoing for several years and is supported by certain technologies, such as the endowrist and sureform staplers, energy devices, and integrated table motion.
bariatric procedures have been an increased area of focus and may have benefited from certain patients prioritizing weight loss, as obesity is a significant covid-19 risk factor. in addition, our sureform 60mm stapler provides surgeons with a more optimized robotic tool set for bariatric procedures using da vinci. while bariatric procedures have grown significantly over the last three years, the pace of this growth has slowed during 2023. it is unclear whether the slowing growth is a temporary pause as patients evaluate new drug therapies or if growth in u.s. bariatric procedures will continue to slow in future periods. the diagnosis and treatment pathways for bariatric patients are long, and we cannot provide any assurance that we will continue to see significant growth in bariatric procedures in future periods.
u.s. gynecology.  gynecology procedures in the u.s. grew to approximately 390,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 341,000 in 2022 and approximately 316,000 in 2021. benign hysterectomy procedures contributed the most incremental procedures in 2023, 2022, and 2021. the growth in benign hysterectomy procedures has been driven largely by new surgeon training.
ous procedures. ous da vinci procedures grew approximately 27% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to approximately 22% for the year ended december 31, 2022. the 2022 procedure results (and comparative 2021 procedures results) reflected disruption caused by the covid-19 pandemic, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above. the 2023 ous procedure growth was driven by continued growth in urologic procedures, including prostatectomies and partial nephrectomies, and earlier stage growth in general surgery (particularly colorectal) and gynecologic procedures. the 2023 ous procedure growth rate reflects continued da vinci adoption in european and asian markets. we saw strong procedure growth in china, japan, germany, and the uk during 2023. in china, the strong procedure growth rate was partially attributable to the disruption caused by covid-19 in the comparative 2022 procedure results. we believe that growth in these global markets is being driven by increased acceptance among surgeons and health systems, supported by expanded global evidence validating the clinical and economic value of da vinci procedures as well as increased surgeon training.
ous urology. ous urology procedures have been a strong contributor to our overall procedure growth. ous urology procedures grew to approximately 381,000 in 2023, compared to approximately 316,000 in 2022 and approximately 264,000 in 2021. in the u.s., da vinci is the standard of care for the surgical treatment of prostate cancer, and we believe that the growth is largely aligned with surgical volumes of prostate cancer. outside of the u.s., prostatectomy is at varying states of adoption in different areas of the world but is the largest overall da vinci procedure. in 2023, we saw more moderate growth in ous prostatectomy procedures compared to higher growth in 2022, as we are further up the adoption curve.
kidney cancer procedures have also been a strong contributor to our recent global urology procedure growth. clinical publications have demonstrated that the use of a da vinci system increases the likelihood that a patient will receive nephron sparing surgery through a partial nephrectomy, which is typically the surgical society guideline recommended therapy.
system demand we placed 1,370 da vinci surgical systems in 2023, compared to 1,264 systems in 2022. the increase in system placements reflects an increase in demand for additional capacity by our customers as a result of procedure growth. this increase was partially offset by the impacts of a smaller number of third generation da vinci systems available for trade-in and the macroeconomic challenges impacting our customers. we continue to see our customers challenged by staffing shortages, inflation, debt servicing costs, and other financial pressures, particularly in the u.s. as a result, we expect our customers to continue to be cautious in their overall capital spending. in addition, in july 2023, the chinese government launched a one-year anti-corruption campaign targeting the healthcare sector. as a result of this anti-corruption campaign, the medical institutions have heightened their scrutiny with respect to initiating tenders. therefore, some tenders were cancelled or delayed without a timeline. in 2023, the effect of this anti-corruption campaign contributed to fewer systems being placed in china. currently, the extent of the impact of this anti-corruption campaign on our business remains uncertain.
table of contents we expect that future placements of da vinci surgical systems will be impacted by a number of factors: supply chain risks; economic and geopolitical factors; inflationary pressures; high interest rates; hospital staffing shortages; procedure growth rates; evolving system utilization and point-of-care dynamics; capital replacement trends, including a declining number of older generation systems available for trade-in transactions; additional reimbursements in various global markets, such as in japan; the timing around governmental tenders and authorizations, as well as governmental actions impacting the tender process, such as the anti-corruption campaign in china; the impact of covid-19, as noted in the covid-19 pandemic section above; the hospital response to the evolving healthcare environment; the timing of when we receive regulatory clearance in our other ous markets for our da vinci xi, x, and sp surgical systems and related instruments; and the market response. market acceptance of our da vinci sp surgical system and the nature and timing of additional da vinci sp regulatory indications may also impact future system placements.
demand may also be impacted by competition, including from companies that have introduced products in the field of robotic-assisted medical procedures or have made explicit statements about their efforts to enter the field including, but not limited to, the following companies: asensus surgical, inc.; beijing surgerii robotics company limited; cmr surgical ltd.; johnson & johnson; medicaroid corporation; medtronic plc; meerecompany inc.; noah medical; shandong weigao group medical polymer company ltd.; shanghai microport medbot (group) co., ltd.; and shenzhen edge medical co., ltd.
many of the above factors will also impact future demand for our ion endoluminal system, as we extend our commercial offering into diagnostics, along with additional factors associated with a new product introduction, including, but not limited to, our ability to optimize manufacturing and our supply chain, competition, clinical data to demonstrate value, and market acceptance.
recent product introductions e-200 generator. in november 2022, we obtained fda clearance for the e-200 generator. in july 2023, we received regulatory clearance for our e-200 generator in japan and south korea. the e-200 generator is an advanced electrosurgical generator designed to provide high-frequency energy for cutting, coagulation, and vessel sealing of tissues. the e-200 generator is compatible with the da vinci xi and x surgical systems and can also function as a standalone electrosurgical generator. when connected to a da vinci system, the e-200 delivers high-frequency energy to da vinci instruments, with control and status messages communicated through an ethernet cable. the e-200 generator is also compatible with third-party handheld monopolar and bipolar instruments, as well as fingerswitch-equipped instruments and intuitive-provided auxiliary footswitches. the e-200 generator includes the same advanced energy capability as the e-100 generator and supports the same vessel sealing instruments.
sureform 30 curved-tip stapler and reloads. in december 2021, we obtained initial fda clearance for our 8 mm sureform 30 curved-tip stapler and reloads (gray, white, and blue) for use in general, thoracic, gynecologic, urologic, and pediatric surgery. we designed this instrument to help surgeons better visualize and reach anatomy through a combination of the 8 mm diameter instrument shaft and jaws, 120-degree cone of wristed articulation, and the curved tip. as it fits through the 8 mm da vinci surgical system instrument cannula, the stapler allows different angles for surgeons to approach patient anatomy. consistent with our other sureform staplers, the 8 mm sureform 30 curved-tip stapler integrates smartfire technology, which makes automatic adjustments to the firing process as staples are formed and the transection is made. the technology makes more than 1,000 measurements per second, helping achieve a consistent staple line. we completed initial evaluations of the 8 mm sureform 30 stapler with certain customers in the u.s. in 2022. after the initial feedback, we are completing design changes and are targeting another submission in 2024. in october 2022, we received regulatory clearance in japan to market our 8 mm sureform 30 curved-tip and straight-tip stapler instruments and reloads for use in general, thoracic (except for cardiac), gynecologic, and urologic surgery.
intuitive ventures in 2020, we launched intuitive ventures fund i, an inaugural $100 million fund focused on investment opportunities in companies that share intuitive's commitment to advancing positive outcomes in healthcare. as of december 31, 2023, we have invested $50 million of the $100 million.
in late 2023, we launched intuitive ventures fund ii, a $150 million fund focused on investment opportunities in companies reimagining the future of minimally invasive care.
2023 operational and financial highlights
•approximately 2,286,000 da vinci procedures were performed during the year ended december 31, 2023, an increase of 22% compared to approximately 1,875,000 da vinci procedures for the year ended december 31, 2022.
•approximately 54,000 ion procedures were performed during the year ended december 31, 2023, an increase of 129% compared to approximately 23,500 ion procedures for the year ended december 31, 2022.
•systems revenue remained flat at $1.68 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $1.68 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022.
•1,370 da vinci surgical systems were placed during the year ended december 31, 2023, an increase of 8% compared to 1,264 systems during the year ended december 31, 2022.
•as of december 31, 2023, we had a da vinci surgical system installed base of approximately 8,606 systems, an increase of 14% compared to the installed base of approximately 7,544 systems as of december 31, 2022.
•utilization of da vinci surgical systems, measured in terms of procedures per system per year, increased 9% relative to 2022.
•213 ion systems were placed during the year ended december 31, 2023, an increase of 11% compared to 192 systems during the year ended december 31, 2022.
•as of december 31, 2023, we had an ion system installed base of approximately 534 systems, an increase of 66% compared to the installed base of approximately 321 systems as of december 31, 2022.
•gross profit as a percentage of revenue was 66.4% for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to 67.4% for the year ended december 31, 2022.
•operating income increased by 12% to $1.77 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $1.58 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. operating income included $598 million and $517 million of share-based compensation expense related to employee stock plans and $31.2 million and $45.4 million of intangible asset-related charges for the years ended december 31, 2023, and 2022, respectively.
•as of december 31, 2023, we had $7.34 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and investments. cash, cash equivalents, and investments increased by $0.60 billion, compared to $6.74 billion as of december 31, 2022, primarily as a result of cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases, and unrealized gains on interest-bearing debt securities classified as available for sale, partially offset by cash used for capital expenditures and share repurchases.
table of contents results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. this section of the annual report on form 10-k generally discusses 2023 and 2022 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2023 and 2022. discussions of 2021 items and year-to-year comparisons between 2022 and 2021 that are not included in this report on form 10-k can be found in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 of the company's annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2022.
the following table sets forth, for the years indicated, certain consolidated statements of income information (in millions, except percentages):
2023                                                                                                             % of total revenue                         2022                  % of total revenue                         2021                  % of total revenue revenue:
service                                                                              1,167.8                            16        %                   1,024.2                            16        %                     916.2                            16        %
cost of revenue:
service                                                                                352.8                             5        %                     325.9                             5        %                     287.5                             5        %
total cost of revenue                                                                2,394.6                            34        %                   2,026.2                            33        %                   1,751.6                            31        %
product gross profit                                                                 3,914.5                            55        %                   3,497.7                            56        %                   3,329.8                            58        %
service gross profit                                                                   815.0                            11        %                     698.3                            11        %                     628.7                            11        %
gross profit                                                                         4,729.5                            66        %                   4,196.0                            67        %                   3,958.5                            69        %
operating expenses:
research and development                                                               998.8                            14        %                     879.0                            14        %                     671.0                            12        %
total operating expenses                                                             2,962.7                            41        %                   2,618.9                            42        %                   2,137.5                            37        %
total revenue total revenue increased by 14% to $7.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $6.2 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022, increased by 9% compared to $5.7 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in total revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023, resulted from 22% higher instruments and accessories revenue and 14% higher service revenue.
revenue denominated in foreign currencies as a percentage of total revenue was approximately 25%, 24%, and 23% for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. we generally sell our products and services in local currencies where we have direct distribution channels. foreign currency rate fluctuations, as determined by comparing current period revenue in usd to current period revenue in local currency using the same foreign exchange rates as the prior year same period, net of the impacts from foreign currency hedging, had an unfavorable impact on ous total revenue of $29 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, as compared to 2022. foreign currency rate fluctuations, net of the impacts from foreign currency hedging, had an unfavorable impact on ous total revenue of $138 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, as compared to 2021.
table of contents revenue generated in the u.s. accounted for 66%, 67%, and 67% of total revenue for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. we believe that u.s. revenue has accounted for the large majority of total revenue due to u.s. patients' ability to choose their provider and method of treatment, reimbursement structures supportive of innovation and mis, and our initial investments focused on u.s. infrastructure. we have been investing in our business in ous markets, and our ous procedures have grown faster in proportion to u.s. procedures. we expect that our ous procedures and revenue will make up a greater portion of our business in the long term.
the following table summarizes our revenue and system unit placements for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively (in millions, except percentages and unit placements):
systems                                                                                                         1,679.7                       1,680.1                       1,693.4
services                                                                                                        1,167.8                       1,024.2                         916.2
% of revenue - u.s.                                                                                                     66%                           67%                           67%
% of revenue - ous                                                                                                      34%                           33%                           33%
services                                                                                                        1,167.8                       1,024.2                         916.2
operating lease revenue                                                                                           500.5                         376.5                         276.9
% of total revenue                                                                                                      83%                           79%                           75%
da vinci surgical system placements by region u.s. unit placements                                                                                                666                           692                           865
*systems placed under fixed-payment operating lease arrangements (included in total unit placements)                304                           276                           333
*systems placed under usage-based operating lease arrangements (included in total unit placements)                  355                           216                           184
da vinci surgical system placements involving system trade-ins unit placements involving trade-ins                                                                                 240                           345                           510
ion system placements**                                                                                             213                           192                            93
**systems placed under fixed-payment operating lease arrangements (included in total unit placements)                63                            61                            43
**systems placed under usage-based operating lease arrangements (included in total unit placements)                  54                            40                             7
table of contents product revenue product revenue increased by 15% to $5.96 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $5.20 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. product revenue for the year ended december 31, 2022, increased by 8% compared to $4.79 billion for the year ended december 31, 2021.
instruments and accessories revenue increased by 22% to $4.28 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $3.52 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in instruments and accessories revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by approximately 22% higher da vinci procedure volume and higher pricing, partially offset by customer buying patterns. the 2023 u.s. da vinci procedure growth was approximately 19%, driven by strong growth in general surgery procedures, most notably cholecystectomy, hernia repair, and colorectal procedures. growth in bariatric procedures decelerated in 2023. growth in the more mature gynecologic procedure category accelerated in 2023, while growth in the more mature urologic procedure category was more moderate. the 2023 ous da vinci procedure growth was approximately 27%, driven by continued growth in urologic procedures, including prostatectomies and partial nephrectomies, and earlier stage growth in general surgery (particularly colorectal) and gynecologic procedures. geographically, the 2023 ous da vinci procedure growth was driven by procedure expansion in a number of markets with particular strength in china, japan, germany, and the uk. in china, the strong procedure growth rate was partially attributable to the disruption caused by covid-19 in the comparative 2022 procedure results.
systems revenue remained flat at $1.68 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $1.68 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. the flat system revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by higher operating lease revenue, offset by lower sales-type lease revenue, lower asps, and a higher proportion of da vinci system placements under operating leases (partially offset by more systems placements).
during 2023, 1,370 da vinci surgical systems were placed compared to 1,264 systems during 2022. by geography, 666 systems were placed in the u.s., 308 in europe, 305 in asia, and 91 in other markets during 2023, compared to 692 systems placed in the u.s., 280 in europe, 244 in asia, and 48 in other markets during 2022. the increase in system placements was primarily driven by the demand for additional capacity by our customers due to the procedure growth, partially offset by a smaller number of third generation da vinci systems available for trade-in, the macroeconomic challenges impacting our u.s. customers, and the effect of the anti-corruption campaign in china. as of december 31, 2023, we had a da vinci surgical system installed base of approximately 8,606 systems, compared to an installed base of approximately 7,544 systems as of december 31, 2022. the incremental system installed base reflects continued procedure growth and further customer validation that robotic-assisted surgery addresses their quadruple aim objectives.
the following table summarizes our da vinci system placements under leasing arrangements for the years ended december 31, 2023, and 2022:
da vinci system placements under leasing arrangements fixed-payment operating lease arrangements                                           304                           276
usage-based operating lease arrangements                                             355                           216
total da vinci system placements under operating lease arrangements                  659                           492
% of total da vinci system placements                                                     48%                           39%
total da vinci system placements under leasing arrangements                          704                           591
da vinci system installed base under operating leasing arrangements fixed-payment operating lease arrangements                                         1,204                         1,018
usage-based operating lease arrangements                                           1,023                           665
total da vinci system installed base under operating leasing arrangements          2,227                         1,683
operating lease revenue, including the contribution from ion systems, was $501 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, of which $217 million was variable lease revenue relating to usage-based arrangements, compared to $377 million for the year ended december 31, 2022, of which $133 million was variable lease revenue relating to usage-based arrangements. revenue from lease buyouts was $74.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $72.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. we expect revenue from lease buyouts to fluctuate period to period depending on the timing of when, and if, customers choose to exercise buyout options embedded in their leases.
table of contents the da vinci surgical system asp, excluding systems placed under fixed-payment or usage-based operating lease arrangements and ion systems, was approximately $1.42 million for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to approximately $1.49 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the lower asp for the year ended december 31, 2023, was largely driven by higher pricing discounts, unfavorable product mix, unfavorable geographic mix, and foreign currency impacts, partially offset by fewer trade-ins. asp fluctuates from period to period based on geographic and product mix, product pricing, systems placed involving trade-ins, and changes in foreign exchange rates.
during 2023, 213 ion systems were placed compared to 192 systems during 2022. the increase in system placements was primarily driven by the demand for additional capacity by our customers due to the procedure growth. as of december 31, 2023, we had an ion system installed base of approximately 534 systems, compared to an installed base of approximately 321 systems as of december 31, 2022.
the following table summarizes our ion system placements under leasing arrangements for the years ended december 31, 2023, and 2022:
ion system placements under leasing arrangements fixed-payment operating lease arrangements                                      63                            61
usage-based operating lease arrangements                                        54                            40
total ion system placements under operating lease arrangements                 117                           101
% of total ion system placements                                                    55%                           53%
total ion system placements under leasing arrangements                         122                           112
ion system installed base under operating leasing arrangements fixed-payment operating lease arrangements                                      96                            72
usage-based operating lease arrangements                                       118                            60
total ion system installed base under operating leasing arrangements           214                           132
service revenue service revenue increased by 14% to $1.17 billion for the year ended december 31, 2023, compared to $1.02 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in service revenue for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by a larger installed base of systems producing service revenue.
gross profit product gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased by 12% to $3.91 billion, representing 65.7% of product revenue, compared to $3.50 billion, representing 67.3% of product revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2022. the higher product gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by higher product revenue, partially offset by a lower product gross profit margin. the lower product gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by a higher mix of new products, higher costs related to scrap and components, increases in inventory reserves, and lower 2023 da vinci system asps, partially offset by higher pricing for instruments and accessories.
product gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2023, and 2022, included share-based compensation expense of $83.4 million and $67.6 million, respectively, and intangible assets amortization expense of $13.5 million and $17.3 million, respectively service gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased by 17% to $0.82 billion, representing 69.8% of service revenue, compared to $0.70 billion, representing 68.2% of service revenue, for the year ended december 31, 2022. the higher service gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by higher service revenue, reflecting a larger installed base of da vinci surgical systems, and a higher service gross profit margin. the higher service gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by favorable impacts from leveraging volume of repairs.
service gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2023, and 2022, included share-based compensation expense of $28.2 million and $23.6 million, respectively, and intangible assets amortization expense of $0.9 million and $1.9 million, respectively.
table of contents selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses include costs for sales, marketing and administrative personnel, sales and marketing activities, trade show expenses, legal expenses, regulatory fees, and general corporate expenses.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased by 13% to $1.96 billion, compared to $1.74 billion for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by higher headcount, resulting in increased fixed and share-based compensation expense, higher variable compensation, the charitable contribution discussed below, as well as higher travel and training expenses, partially offset by lower litigation charges. in the fourth quarter of 2023, we made a charitable contribution of $40 million to the intuitive foundation, a not-for-profit organization whose mission is to reduce the global burden of disease and suffering through research, education, and philanthropy aimed at better outcomes for patients around the globe.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the years ended december 31, 2023, and 2022, included share-based compensation expense of $275 million and $261 million, respectively, and intangible assets amortization expense of $3.3 million and $5.9 million, respectively.
research and development expenses research and development costs are expensed as incurred. research and development expenses include costs associated with the design, development, testing, and significant enhancement of our products. our main product development initiatives include multi-port, ion, and sp platform investments and our digital products and services.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased by 14% to $999 million, compared to $879 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. the increase in research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by higher personnel-related expenses, including share-based compensation expense, and other project costs incurred to support a broader set of product development initiatives, including future generations of robotics, ion and sp platform investments, and digital investments.
research and development expenses for the years ended december 31, 2023, and 2022, included share-based compensation expense of $212 million and $164 million, respectively, and intangible asset-related charges of $13.5 million and $20.3 million, respectively.
research and development expenses fluctuate with project timing. based upon our broader set of product development initiatives and the stage of the underlying projects, we expect to continue to make substantial investments in research and development and anticipate that research and development expenses will continue to increase in the future.
interest and other income, net interest and other income, net, for the year ended december 31, 2023, increased by 547% to $192 million, compared to $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2022. interest and other income, net decreased by 57% for the year ended december 31, 2022, compared to $69 million for the year ended december 31, 2021. the increase in interest and other income, net, for the year ended december 31, 2023, was primarily driven by higher interest income earned due to an increase in average interest rates (despite lower average cash and investment balances), lower foreign exchange losses, and lower unrealized losses on investments resulting from strategic arrangements.
we held an equity investment in preferred shares of broncus holding corporation ("broncus"), which was reflected in our consolidated financial statements on a cost basis. in the first quarter of 2021, we recorded an unrealized gain on our investment in broncus of approximately $14 million. in september 2021, broncus completed an initial public offering ("ipo") of common shares on the stock exchange of hong kong. upon completion of the ipo, the preferred shares were converted to common shares in broncus, and we recognized a net gain on this investment in the third quarter of 2021 of approximately $8 million. for the year ended december 31, 2022, we recognized a loss on this investment of approximately $21 million. for the year ended december 31, 2023, we sold our shares in this investment, recognizing an additional nominal loss.
our effective tax rates for 2023 differed from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to the increase in swiss deferred tax assets, as discussed below, the tax benefits associated with employee equity plans, the effect of income earned by certain overseas entities being taxed at rates lower than the federal statutory rate, the federal research and development credit benefit, and the release of unrecognized tax benefits due to statute expiration in various jurisdictions, partially offset by the u.s. tax on foreign earnings and state income taxes (net of the federal benefit).
table of contents our effective tax rates for 2022 differed from the u.s. federal statutory rate of 21% primarily due to the tax benefits associated with employee equity plans, the effect of income earned by certain overseas entities being taxed at rates lower than the federal statutory rate, and the federal research and development credit benefit, partially offset by the u.s. tax on foreign earnings and state income taxes (net of the federal benefit).
our provision for income taxes for 2023 reflected swiss tax benefits of $92.3 million, net of a $67.3 million valuation allowance, related to certain tax assets recorded by our swiss entity. in addition, a one-time net benefit of $67.1 million was recorded from the re-measurement of our swiss deferred tax assets resulting from the swiss cantonal tax rate increase enacted in december 2023 for years after 2024 as well as a swiss cantonal tax rate increase from the discontinuation of our 2017 swiss tax ruling, which was deemed effective as of january 1, 2023.
our provision for income taxes for 2023 and 2022 included excess tax benefits associated with employee equity plans of $108 million and $99 million, respectively, which reduced our effective tax rate by 5.5 and 6.1 percentage points, respectively. the amount of excess tax benefits or deficiencies will fluctuate from period to period based on the price of our stock, the volume of share-based awards settled or vested, and the value assigned to employee equity awards under gaap, which results in increased income tax expense volatility.
on august 16, 2022, the inflation reduction act was enacted in the u.s. and introduced a 15% alternative minimum tax based on the financial statement income of certain large corporations ("camt"), effective january 1, 2023. there is no impact on our provision for income taxes from the camt for the year ended december 31, 2023.
in 2021, the oecd established an inclusive framework on base erosion and profit shifting and agreed on a two-pillar solution ("pillar two") to global taxation, focusing on global profit allocation and a 15% global minimum effective tax rate. on december 15, 2022, the european union member states agreed to implement the oecd's global minimum tax rate of 15%. the oecd issued pillar two model rules and continues to release guidance on these rules. the inclusive framework calls for tax law changes by participating countries to take effect in 2024 and 2025. various countries have enacted or have announced plans to enact new tax laws to implement the global minimum tax. we considered the applicable tax law changes on pillar two implementation in the relevant countries, and there is no impact to our tax provision for the year ended december 31, 2023. we will continue to evaluate the impact of these tax law changes on future reporting periods.
we file federal, state, and foreign income tax returns in many jurisdictions in the u.s. and ous. years before 2016 are considered closed for most significant jurisdictions. certain of our unrecognized tax benefits could change due to activities of various tax authorities, including evolving interpretations of existing tax laws in the jurisdictions in which we operate, potential assessment of additional tax, possible settlement of audits, or through normal expiration of various statutes of limitations, which could affect our effective tax rate in the period in which they change. due to the uncertainty related to the timing and potential outcome of audits, we cannot estimate the range of reasonably possible changes in unrecognized tax benefits that may occur in the next 12 months.
we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. the outcome of these audits cannot be predicted with certainty. management regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. if any issues addressed in our tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management's expectations, we could be required to adjust our provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest in joint venture the company's joint venture with fosun pharma was established to research, develop, manufacture, and sell robotic-assisted, catheter-based medical devices. the joint venture is owned 60% by us and 40% by fosun pharma and is located in china. the catheter-based technology will initially target early diagnosis and cost-effective treatment of lung cancer, one of the most commonly diagnosed forms of cancer in the world. distribution of catheter-based medical devices in china will be conducted by the joint venture, while distribution outside of china will be conducted by us.
in january 2019, the joint venture acquired certain assets, including distribution rights, customer relationships, and certain personnel, from chindex and its affiliates, a subsidiary of fosun pharma, and began direct operations for da vinci products and services in china. as of december 31, 2023, the companies have contributed $55 million of up to $100 million required by the joint venture agreement. following approval in june 2023 by china's nmpa for a local version of our da vinci xi surgical system, in august 2023, our intuitive-fosun pharma joint venture received a manufacturing license that permits the joint venture to manufacture our da vinci xi surgical system for sale to customers in china.
table of contents liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash and cash equivalents our principal source of liquidity is cash provided by our operations and by the issuance of common stock through the exercise of stock options and our employee stock purchase program. cash and cash equivalents plus short- and long-term investments increased by $0.60 billion to $7.34 billion as of december 31, 2023, from $6.74 billion as of december 31, 2022, primarily as a result of cash provided by operating activities, proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases, and unrealized gains on interest-bearing debt securities classified as available for sale, partially offset by cash used for capital expenditures and share repurchases. cash and cash equivalents plus short- and long-term investments decreased by $1.88 billion to $6.74 billion as of december 31, 2022, from $8.62 billion as of december 31, 2021, primarily from cash used in share repurchases, capital expenditures, and taxes paid related to net share settlements of equity awards, as well as unrealized losses on interest-bearing debt securities classified as available for sale, offset by cash provided by our operations and proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases.
our cash requirements depend on numerous factors, including market acceptance of our products, the resources we devote to developing and supporting our products, and other factors. we expect to continue to devote substantial resources to expand procedure adoption and acceptance of our products. we have made substantial investments in our commercial operations, product development activities, facilities, and intellectual property. based on our business model, we anticipate that we will continue to be able to fund future growth through cash provided by our operations. we believe that our current cash, cash equivalents, and investment balances, together with income to be derived from our business, will be sufficient to meet our liquidity requirements for the foreseeable future. however, we may experience reduced cash flow from operations as a result of the risk of a recession along with other macroeconomic and geopolitical headwinds.
as of december 31, 2023, $521 million of our cash, cash equivalents, and investments was held by foreign subsidiaries. we intend to repatriate earnings from our swiss subsidiary and our joint venture in hong kong, as needed, since the u.s. and foreign tax implications of such repatriations are not expected to be significant. we will continue to indefinitely reinvest earnings from the rest of our foreign subsidiaries and do not expect the tax implications of repatriating these earnings to be significant.
see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for discussion on the impact of interest rate risk and market risk on our investment portfolio.
operating activities                                                             $1,813.8                      $1,490.8                      $2,089.4
effect of exchange rates on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash               3.3                           5.4                         (3.4)
operating activities for the year ended december 31, 2023, net cash provided by operating activities of $1.81 billion was less than our net income of $1.82 billion, primarily due to the following factors:
1.our net income included non-cash charges of $774 million, consisting primarily of the following significant items: share-based compensation of $593 million; depreciation expense and losses on the disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $402 million; changes in deferred income taxes of $(281) million; deferred commission amortization of $33 million; and intangible asset amortization of $20 million.
2.the non-cash charges outlined above were partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in $778 million of cash used in operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2023. inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant, and equipment, increased by $713 million, primarily to address the growth in the business as well as to mitigate risks of disruption that could arise from supply or other matters. refer to the supplemental cash flow information in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements for further details. accounts receivable increased by $186 million, primarily due to the timing of billings and collections, table of contents and other accrued liabilities decreased by $33 million, primarily due to timing of income tax payments. the unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue by $53 million, primarily due to collections of payments related to future services, an increase in accounts payable by $42 million, primarily due to the timing of billing and payments, an increase in accrued compensation and employee benefits by $35 million, primarily due to higher headcount and higher variable compensation, and a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets by $24 million, primarily due to a decrease in net investments in sales-type leases.
for the year ended december 31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities of $1.49 billion exceeded our net income of $1.34 billion, primarily due to the following factors:
1.our net income included non-cash charges of $766 million, consisting primarily of the following significant items: share-based compensation of $513 million; depreciation expense and losses on the disposal of property, plant, and equipment of $338 million; changes in deferred income taxes of $(185) million; and net losses on investments, accretion, and amortization of $49 million.
2.the non-cash charges outlined above were partially offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities that resulted in $619 million of cash used in operating activities during the year ended december 31, 2022. inventory, including the transfer of equipment from inventory to property, plant, and equipment, increased by $547 million, primarily to address the growth in the business as well as to mitigate risks of disruption that could arise from trade, supply, or other matters. refer to further details in the supplemental cash flow information in note 4 to the consolidated financial statements. accounts receivable increased by $159 million, primarily due to the timing of billings and collections. prepaid expenses and other assets increased by $129 million, primarily due to an increase in net investments in sales-type leases and an increase in recoverable vat related to growth in our ous activities. the unfavorable impact of these items on cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by a $122 million increase in other liabilities, primarily due to additional accruals related to capital expenditures and timing of income tax payments, a $52 million increase in accrued compensation and employee benefits, primarily due to higher headcount and variable compensation, and a $21 million increase in accounts payable, primarily due to the timing of billing and payments.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2023, consisted primarily of $1.06 billion paid for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, partially offset by proceeds from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, of $0.71 billion.
net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022, consisted primarily of proceeds from maturities and sales of investments, net of purchases, of $1.92 billion, partially offset by $532 million paid for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment.
net cash used in investing activities for the year ended december 31, 2021, consisted primarily of purchases of investments, net of proceeds from maturities and sales, of $2.10 billion and $340 million paid for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment.
we invest predominantly in high quality, fixed income securities. our investment portfolio may, at any time, contain investments in u.s. treasury and u.s. government agency securities, taxable and tax-exempt municipal notes, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, non-u.s. government agency securities, cash deposits, and money market funds.
financing activities net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2023, consisted primarily of cash used in the repurchase of approximately 1.7 million shares of our common stock for $416 million and taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $165 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $296 million.
net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2022, consisted primarily of cash used in the repurchase of approximately 11.2 million shares of our common stock for $2.61 billion, 8.5 million shares of which related to accelerated share buyback programs executed and settled during 2022 and further described in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements, and taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $194 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $234 million.
net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2021, consisted primarily of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee stock purchases of $277 million, partially offset by taxes paid on behalf of employees related to net share settlements of vested employee equity awards of $212 million and the payment of deferred purchase consideration of $22 million.
table of contents capital expenditures our capital expenditures are increasing as we continue to build the company to supply our customers with highly differentiated products manufactured in highly automated factories to facilitate outstanding performance in product quality, availability, and cost. a significant portion of this investment involves the construction of facilities to expand our manufacturing and commercial capabilities. we have also been vertically integrating key technologies to develop a more robust supply chain and bring important products to market at attractive price points. these investments include increased ownership of our imaging pipelines, and investments in strategic instruments and accessories technologies that allow us to serve our customers better. we expect these capital investments to range between $1 billion and $1.2 billion in 2024, the majority of which will be facilities-related investments. we intend to fund these capital investments with cash generated from operations.
contractual obligations and commercial commitments operating leases. we lease spaces for our operations in the u.s. as well as in japan, china, israel, mexico, germany, south korea, the united kingdom, india, and other countries. we also lease automobiles for certain sales and field service employees. these leases have varying terms of up to 20 years. operating lease amounts include future minimum lease payments under all of our non-cancellable operating leases with an initial term in excess of one year. refer to note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 for further details.
purchase commitments and obligations. total purchase commitments and obligations as of december 31, 2023, are estimated to be $2.37 billion, of which $2.13 billion is expected to be due within a year. these amounts include an estimate of all open purchase orders and contractual obligations in the ordinary course of business, including commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers for which we have not received the goods or services, commitments for capital expenditures, including construction-related activities, for which we have not received the goods or services, and commitments for the acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. approximately one third of our estimated purchase commitments and obligations are facilities-related. although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. in addition to the above, we have committed to making potential future milestone payments to third parties as part of licensing, collaboration, and development arrangements. payments under these agreements generally become due and payable only upon achievement of certain developmental, regulatory, and/or commercial milestones. for instances in which the achievement of these milestones is neither probable nor reasonably estimable, such contingencies have not been recorded on our consolidated balance sheets.
2017 tax act deemed repatriation tax. as of december 31, 2023, our obligation associated with the deemed repatriation tax is $121 million, of which $54 million is due within a year. the remaining balance is expected to be paid in 2025.
we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate as to when payments may occur for our unrecognized tax benefits.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2023, we did not have any significant off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k promulgated under the exchange act.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with gaap, which requires us to make judgments, estimates, and assumptions. see "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies," in notes to the consolidated financial statements, which is included in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data," for a description of our significant accounting policies and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies require us to make difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates regarding matters that are inherently uncertain. our most critical accounting estimates include:
•the valuation and recognition of investments, which impacts our investment portfolio balance when we assess fair value and interest and other income, net, when we record impairments;
•the standalone selling prices used to allocate the contract consideration to the individual performance obligations, which impacts revenue recognition;
•the valuation of inventory, which impacts gross profit margins;
•the valuation of and assessment of the recoverability of intangible assets and goodwill and the estimated useful lives of intangible assets, which primarily impacts gross profit margin or operating expenses when we record asset impairments or accelerate their amortization;
•the recognition and measurement of current and deferred income taxes (including the measurement of uncertain tax positions), which impact our provision for taxes; and
•the estimate of probable loss associated with legal contingencies, which impacts accrued liabilities and operating expenses.
investments valuation fair value. our investments may include, at any time, a diversified portfolio of cash equivalents and short- and long-term investments in a variety of high-quality securities, including money market funds, u.s. treasury and u.s. government agency securities, corporate notes and bonds, commercial paper, non-u.s. government agency securities, and municipal notes, as well as equity investments with and without readily determinable value. the assessment of the fair value of investments can be difficult and subjective. gaap establishes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value. each level of input has different levels of subjectivity and difficulty involved in determining fair value. valuation of level 1 and 2 instruments generally do not require significant management judgment, and the estimation is not difficult. level 3 instruments include unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. the determination of fair value for level 3 instruments requires the most management judgment and subjectivity. there were no level 3 securities for the periods presented.
after determining the fair value of our available-for-sale instruments, we identify instruments with an amortized cost basis in excess of their estimated fair value. available-for-sale instruments in an unrealized loss position are written down to fair value through a charge to interest and other income, net in the consolidated statements of income, if we intend to sell the security or it is more likely than not we will be required to sell the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. for the remaining securities, we assess what amount of the excess, if any, is caused by expected credit losses. factors considered in determining whether a credit-related loss exists include the financial condition and near-term prospects of the investee, the extent of the loss related to the credit of the issuer, and the expected cash flows from the security. these judgments could prove to be wrong, and companies with relatively high credit ratings and solid financial conditions may not be able to fulfill their obligations.
no significant impairment charges were recorded during the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. as of december 31, 2023, and 2022, net unrealized losses on investments of $29.7 million and $154.2 million, net of tax, respectively, were included in accumulated other comprehensive loss.
revenue recognition. our system sale arrangements contain multiple products and services, including system(s), system components, system accessories, instruments, accessories, and services. other than services, we generally deliver all of the products upfront. each of these products and services is a distinct performance obligation. system accessories, instruments, accessories, and services are also sold on a standalone basis.
for multiple-element arrangements, revenue is allocated to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling price. standalone selling prices are based on observable prices at which we separately sell the products or services. if a standalone selling price is not directly observable, then we estimate the standalone selling prices considering market conditions and entity-specific factors including, but not limited to, features and functionality of the products and services, geographies, type of customer, and market conditions. we regularly review standalone selling prices and maintain internal controls over establishing and updating these estimates.
our system sales arrangements generally include a five-year period of service. the first year of service is generally free and included in the system sale arrangement, and the remaining four years are billed at a stated service price. revenue that is allocated to the service obligation is deferred and recognized ratably over the service period.
inventory valuation. inventory is stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value on a first-in, first-out basis. the cost basis of our inventory is reduced for any products that are considered excess or obsolete based on assumptions about future demand and market conditions. if actual future demand or market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional inventory write-downs may be required, which could have a material adverse effect on the results of our operations.
valuation of intangible assets and goodwill. we allocate the fair value of purchase consideration, including contingent consideration, to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination based on their estimated fair values at the acquisition date. the excess of the fair value of the purchase consideration over the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest is recorded as goodwill. when determining the fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and any noncontrolling interest, management is required to make certain estimates and assumptions, especially with respect to intangible assets. the estimates and assumptions used in valuing intangible assets include, but are not limited to, the amount and timing of projected future cash flows, the discount rate used to determine the present value of these cash flows, and the determination of the assets' life cycle. these estimates are inherently uncertain and, therefore, actual results may differ from the estimates made.
table of contents our intangible assets include identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. identifiable intangible assets include developed technology, patents, distribution rights, customer relationships, licenses, and non-competition arrangements. currently, all of our identifiable intangible assets have finite lives. goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are subject to an annual impairment review (or more frequent if impairment indicators arise) by applying a fair value-based test. there have been no such impairments.
identifiable intangible assets with finite lives are subject to impairment testing and are reviewed for impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset is not recoverable and its carrying amount exceeds its fair value. we evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of these identifiable intangible assets based on estimated undiscounted cash flows to be generated from such assets. if the cash flow estimates or the significant operating assumptions upon which they are based change in the future, we may be required to record additional impairment charges.
the valuation and classification of intangible assets and goodwill and the assignment of useful lives for purposes of amortization involves judgments and the use of estimates. the evaluation of these intangible assets and goodwill for impairment under established accounting principles is required on a recurring basis. changes in business conditions could potentially require future adjustments to the assumptions made. when we determine that the useful lives of assets are shorter than we had originally estimated, we accelerate the rate of amortization over the assets' new, shorter useful lives. no impairment charges or accelerated amortization were recorded for the years ended december 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. a considerable amount of judgment is required in assessing impairment, which includes financial forecasts. if conditions are different from management's current estimates, material write-downs of long-lived assets may be required, which would adversely affect our operating results.
accounting for income taxes. significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and any valuation allowance recorded against net deferred tax assets in accordance with gaap. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits, and deductions and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities, which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as the interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease in our tax provision in the current period or subsequent periods.
also, we must assess the likelihood that we will be able to recover our deferred tax assets. in the event that all or part of our deferred tax assets are not recoverable in the future, we must increase our provision for taxes by recording a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be recoverable. in order for our deferred tax assets to be recoverable, we must be able to generate sufficient taxable income in those jurisdictions where the deferred tax assets are located. we consider forecasted income, including income that may be generated as a result of certain tax planning strategies, together with future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, in determining the need for a valuation allowance. as of december 31, 2023, we believe that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will ultimately be recovered, with the exception of our california deferred tax assets and a portion of our swiss deferred tax assets. we believe that, due to the computation of california taxes under the single sales factor, it is more likely than not that our california deferred tax assets of $202.5 million will not be realized. additionally, given certain limitations prescribed by the swiss tax authority on the utilization of some of our swiss deferred tax assets, we believe that it is more likely than not that $67.3 million of the swiss deferred tax assets will not be realized based on the future forecasted income of our swiss entity. our ability to realize the deferred tax assets could be reduced in the future if our estimates of future forecasted income do not support the realization of our deferred tax assets. should there be a change in our ability to realize our deferred tax assets, our tax provision would be affected in the period in which such change takes place.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations. we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates that it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. if we determine that a tax position will more likely than not be sustained on audit, then the second step requires us to estimate and measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is more than 50% likely to be realized upon ultimate settlement. it is inherently difficult and subjective to estimate such amounts, as we have to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we re-evaluate these uncertain tax positions on a quarterly basis. this evaluation is based on factors including, but not limited to, changes in facts or circumstances, changes in tax law, effective settlement of audit issues, and new audit activity. such a change in the recognition or measurement would result in the recognition of a tax benefit or an additional charge to the tax provision.
accounting for legal contingencies.  from time to time, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings involving product liability, intellectual property, shareholder derivative actions, securities class actions, insurance, employee-related, and other matters. we record a liability and related charge to earnings in our consolidated financial statements for legal contingencies when the loss is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. our assessment is re-evaluated each accounting period and is based on all available information, including discussion with any outside legal counsel that represents us. if a reasonable estimate of a known or probable loss cannot be made, but a range of probable losses can be table of contents estimated, the low-end of the range of losses is recognized if no amount within the range is a better estimate than any other. if a loss is reasonably possible, but not probable, and can be reasonably estimated, the estimated loss or range of loss is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
when determining the estimated probable loss or range of losses, significant judgment is required to be exercised in order to estimate the amount and timing of the loss to be recorded. estimates of probable losses resulting from litigation are inherently difficult to make, particularly when the matters are in early procedural stages with incomplete facts and information. the final outcome of legal proceedings is dependent on many variables and is difficult to predict and, therefore, the ultimate cost to entirely resolve such matters may be materially different than the amount of current estimates. consequently, new information or changes in judgments and estimates could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations or cash flows.
recent accounting pronouncements see "note 2. summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements in "item 8. financial statements and supplementary data" for additional information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, including the respective expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our consolidated financial statements.