item 1a. risk factors.
the risks and uncertainties described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations and projections. you should read these risk factors in conjunction with "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in item 7 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in item 8. there also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report generally because we do not currently perceive them to be material. those factors could cause results to differ materially from our expectations.
strong competition could adversely affect prices and demand for our products and services and could decrease our market share.
we operate in markets that are highly competitive. we compete principally based on customer service, price, store location and appearance, and quality, availability and assortment of merchandise. in each market we serve, there are a number of other home improvement stores, electrical, plumbing and building materials supply houses and lumber yards. with respect to some products and services, we also compete with specialty design stores, showrooms, discount stores, local, regional and national hardware stores, paint stores, mail order firms, warehouse clubs, independent building supply stores, mro companies and, to a lesser extent, other retailers, as well as with installers of home improvement products. in addition, we face growing competition from online and multichannel retailers, some of whom may have a lower cost structure than ours, as our customers increasingly use computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices to shop online and compare prices and products in real time. intense competitive pressures from one or more of our competitors or our inability to adapt effectively and quickly to a changing competitive landscape could affect our prices, our margins or demand for our products and services. if we are unable to timely and appropriately respond to these competitive pressures, including through maintenance of customer service and customer relationships to deliver a superior customer experience, our market share and our financial performance could be adversely affected.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations or trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
the success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in demographics; consumer preferences, expectations and needs; and unexpected weather conditions, while also managing appropriate inventory levels and maintaining an excellent customer experience. it is difficult to successfully predict the products and services our customers will demand. as the housing and home improvement market continues to recover, resulting changes in demand will put further pressure on our ability to meet customer needs and expectations and maintain high service levels. in addition, each of our primary customer groups - diy, difm and pro - have different needs and expectations, many of which evolve as the demographics in a particular customer group change. if we do not successfully differentiate the shopping experience to meet the individual needs and expectations of a customer group, we may lose market share with respect to those customers.
customer expectations about the methods by which they purchase and receive products or services are also becoming more demanding. customers are increasingly using technology and mobile devices to rapidly compare products and prices, determine real-time product availability and purchase products. once products are purchased, customers are seeking alternate options for delivery of those products, and they often expect quick and low-cost delivery. we must continually anticipate and adapt to these changes in the purchasing process. we have implemented programs like boss, bopis and direct fulfillment, and are rolling out bodfs, but we cannot guarantee that these programs or others we may implement will be implemented successfully or will meet customers' needs and expectations. customers are also using social media to provide feedback and information about our company and products and services in a manner that can be quickly and broadly disseminated. to the extent a customer has a negative experience and shares it over social media, it may impact our brand and reputation.
further, we have an aging store base that requires maintenance and space reallocation initiatives to deliver the shopping environment that our customers desire. failure to maintain our stores and utilize our store space effectively, to provide a compelling online presence, to timely identify or respond to changing consumer preferences, expectations and home improvement needs and to differentiate the customer experience for our three primary customer groups could adversely affect our relationship with customers, our reputation, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
our success depends upon our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified associates while also controlling our labor costs.
our customers expect a high level of customer service and product knowledge from our associates. to meet the needs and expectations of our customers, we must attract, develop and retain a large number of highly qualified associates while at the same time controlling labor costs. our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and health and other insurance costs, as well as the impact of legislation or regulations governing labor relations, minimum wage, or healthcare benefits. an inability to provide wages and/or benefits that are competitive within the markets in which we operate could adversely affect our ability to retain and attract employees. in addition, we compete with other retail businesses for many of our associates in hourly positions, and we invest significant resources in training and motivating them to maintain a high level of job satisfaction. these positions have historically had high turnover rates, which can lead to increased training and retention costs, particularly if the economy continues to improve and employment opportunities increase. there is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified associates in the future.
we have incurred losses related to our data breach, and we are still in the process of determining the full impact of related government investigations and civil litigation on our results of operations, which could have an adverse impact on our operations, financial results and reputation.
the data breach involved the theft of certain payment card information and customer email addresses through unauthorized access to our systems. since the data breach occurred, we have recorded $161 million of pretax expenses, net of expected insurance recoveries, in connection with the data breach, as described in more detail in item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operation" and note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8, "financial statements and supplementary data". we are facing putative class actions filed in the u.s. and canada and a consolidated shareholder derivative action brought by two purported shareholders in the u.s., and other claims have been and may be asserted on behalf of customers, payment card issuing banks, shareholders, or others seeking damages or other related relief, allegedly arising out of the data breach. we are also facing investigations by a number of state and federal agencies. these claims and investigations may adversely affect how we operate our business, divert the attention of management from the operation of the business, have an adverse effect on our reputation, and result in additional costs and fines. in addition, the governmental agencies investigating the data breach may seek to impose injunctive relief, which could materially increase our data security costs, adversely impact how we operate our systems and collect and use customer information, and put us at a competitive disadvantage with other retailers.
if our efforts to maintain the privacy and security of customer, associate, supplier and company information are not successful, we could incur substantial additional costs and reputational damage, and could become subject to further litigation and enforcement actions.
our business, like that of most retailers, involves the receipt, storage and transmission of customers' personal information, consumer preferences and payment card information, as well as confidential information about our associates, our suppliers and our company, some of which is entrusted to third-party service providers and vendors. we also work with third-party service providers and vendors that provide technology, systems and services that we use in connection with the receipt, storage and transmission of this information. our information systems, and those of our third-party service providers and vendors, are vulnerable to an increasing threat of continually evolving cybersecurity risks. unauthorized parties may attempt to gain access to these systems or our information through fraud or other means of deceiving our associates, third-party service providers or vendors. hardware, software or applications we develop or obtain from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems that could unexpectedly compromise information security. the methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. we have implemented and regularly review and update processes and procedures to protect against unauthorized access to or use of secured data and to prevent data loss. however, the ever-evolving threats mean we and our third-party service providers and vendors must continually evaluate and adapt our respective systems and processes, and there is no guarantee that they will be adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches or misuses of data. any future significant compromise or breach of our data security, whether external or internal, or misuse of customer, associate, supplier or company data, could result in additional significant costs, lost sales, fines, lawsuits, and damage to our reputation. in addition, as the regulatory environment related to information security, data collection and use, and privacy becomes increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, compliance with those requirements could also result in additional costs.
we are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, paypal, our private label credit cards and installment loan program, and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time. acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements may change over time or be reinterpreted, making compliance more difficult or costly. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. if these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could potentially disrupt our business. the payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by criminals, who are becoming increasingly more sophisticated, seeking to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems, as reflected in our recent data breach. if we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements for the payment methods we accept, or if payment-related data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments may be impaired. in addition, our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which may result in a shift to other payment types or potential changes to our payment systems that may result in higher costs. as a result, our business and operating results could be adversely affected.
uncertainty regarding the housing market, economic conditions and other factors beyond our control could adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance.
our financial performance depends significantly on the stability of the housing, residential construction and home improvement markets, as well as general economic conditions, including changes in gross domestic product. adverse conditions in or uncertainty about these markets or the economy could adversely impact our customers' confidence or financial condition, causing them to determine not to purchase home improvement products and services or delay purchasing or payment for those products and services. other factors beyond our control - including high levels of unemployment and foreclosures; interest rate fluctuations; fuel and other energy costs; labor and healthcare costs; the availability of financing; the state of the credit markets, including mortgages, home equity loans and consumer credit; weather; natural disasters and other conditions beyond our control - could further adversely affect demand for our products and services, our costs of doing business and our financial performance.
a failure of a key information technology system or process could adversely affect our business.
we rely extensively on information technology systems, some of which are managed or provided by third-party service providers, to analyze, process, store, manage and protect transactions and data. we also rely heavily on the integrity of, security of and consistent access to this data in managing our business. for these systems and processes to operate effectively, we or our service providers must periodically maintain and update them. our systems and the third-party systems on which we rely are subject to damage or interruption from a number of causes, including power outages; computer and telecommunications failures; computer viruses; security breaches; cyber-attacks; catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, or hurricanes; acts of war or terrorism; and design or usage errors by our associates, contractors or third-party service providers. although we and our third-party service providers seek to maintain our respective systems effectively and to successfully address the risk of compromise of the integrity, security and consistent operations of these systems, we may not be successful in doing so. as a result, we or our service providers could experience errors, interruptions, delays or cessations of service in key portions of our information technology infrastructure, which could significantly disrupt our operations and be costly, time consuming and resource-intensive to remedy.
disruptions in our customer-facing technology systems could impair our interconnected retail strategy and give rise to negative customer experiences.
through our information technology developments, we are able to provide an improved overall shopping and multichannel experience that empowers our customers to shop and interact with us from computers, tablets, smartphones and other mobile devices. we use our website both as a sales channel for our products and also as a method of providing product, project and other relevant information to our customers to drive both in-store and online sales. we have multiple online communities and knowledge centers that allow us to inform, assist and interact with our customers. multichannel retailing is continually evolving and expanding, and we must effectively respond to changing customer expectations and new developments. for example, to improve our special order process we are currently rolling out com, our new customer order management system, which our customers will be able to access online, and we continually seek to enhance all of our online properties to provide an attractive user-friendly interface for our customers. disruptions, failures or other performance issues with these customer-facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our online and in-store business and negatively affect our relationship with our customers.
if we fail to identify and develop relationships with a sufficient number of qualified suppliers, or if our suppliers experience financial difficulties or other challenges, our ability to timely and efficiently access products that meet our high standards for quality could be adversely affected.
we buy our products from suppliers located throughout the world. our ability to continue to identify and develop relationships with qualified suppliers who can satisfy our high standards for quality and responsible sourcing, as well as our need to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge. our ability to access products from our suppliers can be adversely affected by political instability, military conflict, the financial instability of suppliers (particularly in light of continuing economic difficulties in various regions of the world), suppliers' noncompliance with applicable laws, trade restrictions, tariffs, currency exchange rates, any disruptions in our suppliers' logistics or supply chain networks, and other factors beyond our or our suppliers' control.
disruptions in our supply chain and other factors affecting the distribution of our merchandise could adversely impact our business.
a disruption within our logistics or supply chain network could adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory in a timely manner, which could impair our ability to meet customer demand for products and result in lost sales, increased supply chain costs or damage to our reputation. such disruptions may result from damage or destruction to our distribution centers; weather-related events; natural disasters; trade restrictions; tariffs; third-party strikes, lock-outs, work stoppages or slowdowns; shipping capacity constraints; supply or shipping interruptions or costs; or other factors beyond our control. any such disruption could negatively impact our financial performance or financial condition.
the implementation of our supply chain and technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term, and these initiatives might not provide the anticipated benefits or might fail.
we have made, and we plan to continue to make, significant investments in our supply chain and technology. these initiatives, such as project sync and com, are designed to streamline our operations to allow our associates to continue to provide high-quality service to our customers, while simplifying customer interaction and providing our customers with a more interconnected retail experience. the cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of these initiatives, including those associated with managing third-party service providers and employing new web-based tools and services, could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term and lead to product availability issues. in addition, our improved supply chain and new or upgraded technology might not provide the anticipated benefits, it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits, or the initiatives might fail altogether, each of which could adversely impact our competitive position and our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
if we are unable to effectively manage and expand our alliances and relationships with selected suppliers of both brand name and proprietary products, we may be unable to effectively execute our strategy to differentiate ourselves from our competitors.
as part of our focus on product differentiation, we have formed strategic alliances and exclusive relationships with selected suppliers to market products under a variety of well-recognized brand names. we have also developed relationships with selected suppliers to allow us to market proprietary products that are comparable to national brands. our proprietary products differentiate us from other retailers, generally carry higher margins than national brand products, and represent a growing portion of our business. if we are unable to manage and expand these alliances and relationships or identify alternative sources for comparable brand name and proprietary products, we may not be able to effectively execute product differentiation, which may impact our sales and gross margin results.
as we expand our proprietary product offerings, we may become subject to increased risks due to our greater role in the design, manufacture, marketing and sale of those products. the risks include greater responsibility to administer and comply with applicable regulatory requirements, increased potential product liability and product recall exposure and increased potential reputational risks related to the responsible sourcing of those products. to effectively execute on our product differentiation strategy, we must also be able to successfully protect our proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties. in addition, an increase in sales of our proprietary products may adversely affect sales of our vendors' products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our relationships with certain of our vendors. any failure to appropriately address some or all of these risks could damage our reputation and have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may be unsuccessful in implementing our growth strategy, which includes the integration of interline to expand our business with professional customers and in the mro market, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operation.
in fiscal 2015, we completed the acquisition of interline, which we believe will enhance our ability to serve our professional customers and increase our share of the mro market. our goal is to serve all of our different pro customer groups through one integrated approach to drive growth and capture market share in the retail, services and mro markets, and this strategy depends, in part, on the successful integration of interline. as with any acquisition, we need to successfully integrate the target company's products, services, associates and systems into our business operations. integration can be a complex and time-consuming process, and if the integration is not fully successful or is delayed for a material period of time, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies or benefits of the acquisition. an inability to realize the full extent of the anticipated synergies or benefits of the interline acquisition could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operation. furthermore, even if interline is successfully integrated, the acquisition may fail to further our business strategy as anticipated, expose us to increased competition or challenges with respect to our products or services, and expose us to additional liabilities associated with the interline business.
if we are unable to manage effectively our installation service business, we could suffer lost sales and be subject to fines, lawsuits and reputational damage.
we act as a general contractor to provide installation services to our difm customers through third-party installers. as such, we are subject to regulatory requirements and risks applicable to general contractors, which include management of licensing, permitting and quality of our third-party installers. we have established processes and procedures that provide protections beyond those required by law to manage these requirements and ensure customer satisfaction with the services provided by our third-party installers. if we fail to manage these processes effectively or to provide proper oversight of these services, we could suffer lost sales, fines and lawsuits, as well as damage to our reputation, which could adversely affect our business.
our costs of doing business could increase as a result of changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations.
we are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern numerous aspects of our business. recently, there have been a large number of legislative and regulatory initiatives and reforms, as well as expanded enforcement of existing laws and regulations by federal, state and local agencies. changes in, expanded enforcement of, or adoption of new federal, state or local laws and regulations governing minimum wage or living wage requirements; other wage, labor or workplace regulations; cybersecurity and data privacy; the sale of some of our products; transportation; logistics; supply chain transparency; taxes; energy costs or environmental matters could increase our costs of doing business or impact our operations. in addition, recent healthcare reform legislation could adversely impact our labor costs and our ability to negotiate favorable terms under our benefit plans for our associates.
if we cannot successfully manage the unique challenges presented by international markets, we may not be successful in our international operations and our sales and profit margins may be impacted.
our ability to successfully conduct retail operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our u.s. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. our international operations, including any expansion in international markets, may be adversely affected by local laws and customs, u.s. laws applicable to foreign operations and other legal and regulatory constraints, as well as political and economic conditions. risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, potential adverse tax consequences, greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights, risks associated with the foreign corrupt practices act and local anti-bribery law compliance, and challenges in our ability to identify and gain access to local suppliers. in addition, our operations in international markets create risk due to foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates, which may adversely impact our sales and profit margins.
the inflation or deflation of commodity prices could affect our prices, demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
prices of certain commodity products, including lumber and other raw materials, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations and periodic delays in delivery. rapid and significant changes in commodity prices may affect the demand for our products, our sales and our profit margins.
changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results or financial condition.
generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as revenue recognition, asset impairment, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, inventories, lease obligations, self-insurance, tax matters and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance or financial condition.
we are involved in a number of legal and regulatory proceedings, and while we cannot predict the outcomes of those proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes may adversely affect our operations or increase our costs.
in addition to the matters discussed above with respect to the data breach, we are involved in a number of legal proceedings and regulatory matters, including government inquiries and investigations, and consumer, employment, tort and other litigation that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of business. litigation is inherently unpredictable, and the outcome of some of these proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could adversely affect our operations or could result in excessive adverse verdicts. additionally, involvement in these lawsuits, investigations and inquiries, and other proceedings may involve significant expense, divert management's attention and resources from other matters, and impact the reputation of the company.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
executive summary and selected consolidated statements of earnings data net sales increased 6.4% to $88.5 billion for the fiscal year ended january 31, 2016 ("fiscal 2015") from $83.2 billion for the fiscal year ended february 1, 2015 ("fiscal 2014"). our total comparable store sales increased 5.6% in fiscal 2015, driven by a 4.0% increase in our comparable store customer transactions and a 1.6% increase in our comparable store average ticket. comparable store sales for our u.s. stores increased 7.1% in fiscal 2015.
for fiscal 2015, we reported net earnings of $7.0 billion and diluted earnings per share of $5.46 compared to net earnings of $6.3 billion and diluted earnings per share of $4.71 for fiscal 2014.
the results for fiscal 2015 and 2014 included $128 million and $33 million, respectively, of pretax net expenses related to the data breach that we discovered in the third quarter of fiscal 2014. these charges resulted in decreases of $0.06 and $0.02 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the results for fiscal 2015 and 2014 also included a $144 million and a $323 million pretax gain, respectively, related to the sales of our remaining equity ownership in hd supply holdings, inc. ("hd supply"). these gains contributed $0.07 and $0.15 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively.
during the first quarter of fiscal 2015, we changed our accounting policy for shipping and handling costs from our stores, locations or distribution centers to customers and for online fulfillment center costs. under the new accounting policy, these costs are included in cost of sales, whereas they were previously included in operating expenses. the consolidated statements of earnings for fiscal 2014 and 2013 have been reclassified to reflect this change in accounting policy. the impact of this reclassification was an increase of $565 million and $475 million to cost of sales for fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively, and a corresponding decrease to operating expenses in the same periods. this reclassification had no impact on net sales, operating income, net earnings or earnings per share.
data breach as previously reported, in the third quarter of fiscal 2014, we confirmed that our payment data systems were breached, which potentially impacted customers who used payment cards at self-checkout systems in our u.s. and canadian stores. since the breach, we completed a major payment security project that provides enhanced encryption of payment card data at the point of sale in all of our u.s. and canadian stores. we have also rolled out emv chip card technology in our u.s. stores, which adds extra layers of payment card protection for customers who use emv enabled chip cards. our canadian stores were already enabled with emv chip card technology.
litigation, claims and government investigations in the second quarter of fiscal 2015, the payment card networks made claims against us for costs that they assert they or their issuing banks incurred in connection with the data breach, including incremental counterfeit fraud losses and non-ordinary course operating expenses (such as card reissuance costs), and we recorded an accrual for estimated probable losses we expected to incur in connection with those claims. in the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2015, we entered into settlement agreements with american express, discover, mastercard and visa with respect to their claims.
in addition, at least 57 putative class actions have been filed in courts in the u.s. and canada allegedly arising from the data breach. the u.s. class actions have been consolidated for pre-trial proceedings in the united states district court for the northern district of georgia (the "district court"). that court ordered that the individual class actions be administratively closed in favor of the filing of consolidated class action complaints on behalf of customers and financial institutions allegedly harmed by the data breach. in the third quarter of fiscal 2015, we recorded an accrual for estimated probable losses that we expect to incur in connection with the u.s. customer class actions. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, we agreed in principle to settlement terms that, upon the approval of the district court, will resolve and dismiss the claims asserted in the u.s. customer class actions.
the accruals for estimated probable losses in connection with the payment card networks' claims and the u.s. customer class actions are based on currently available information associated with those matters. these estimates may change as new information becomes available or circumstances change.
other claims have been and may be asserted against us on behalf of customers, payment card issuing banks, shareholders or others seeking damages or other related relief allegedly arising from the data breach. in the third quarter of fiscal 2015, two purported shareholder derivative actions were filed in the district court against certain present and former members of our board of directors and executive officers. we were also named as a nominal defendant in both suits, which together assert claims for breaches of fiduciary duty, waste of corporate assets and violations of the securities exchange act of 1934. in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, the two actions were consolidated into a single derivative complaint. the complaint seeks unspecified damages, equitable relief to reform our corporate governance structure, restitution, disgorgement of profits, benefits and other compensation obtained by the defendants, and reasonable costs and expenses. in addition, several state and federal agencies, including state attorneys general, are investigating events related to the data breach, including how it occurred, its consequences and our responses. we are cooperating in the governmental investigations, and we may be subject to fines or other obligations. while a loss from these matters, including the canadian class actions and the u.s. financial institution class actions, is reasonably possible, we are not able to estimate the costs, or range of costs, related to these matters because the proceedings remain in the early stages, alleged damages have not been specified, there is uncertainty as to the likelihood of a class or classes being certified or the ultimate size of any class if certified, and there are significant factual and legal issues to be resolved. we have not concluded that a loss from these matters is probable; therefore, we have not recorded an accrual for litigation, claims and governmental investigations related to these matters in fiscal 2015. we will continue to evaluate information as it becomes known and will record an estimate for losses at the time or times when it is both probable that a loss has been incurred and the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable. we believe that the ultimate amount paid on these actions, claims and investigations could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in future periods.
expenses incurred and amounts accrued in fiscal 2015, we recorded $198 million of pretax gross expenses related to the data breach, partially offset by $70 million of expected insurance proceeds, for pretax net expenses of $128 million. since the data breach occurred, we have recorded $261 million of pretax gross expenses related to the data breach, partially offset by $100 million of expected insurance proceeds, for pretax net expenses of $161 million. these expenses include costs to investigate the data breach; provide identity protection services, including credit monitoring, to impacted customers; increase call center staffing; and pay legal and other professional services, all of which were expensed as incurred. expenses also include the accruals for estimated probable losses that we have incurred or expect to incur in connection with the claims made by the payment card networks and the u.s. customer class actions. these expenses are included in selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings.
future costs we expect to incur additional legal and other professional services expenses associated with the data breach in future periods and will recognize these expenses as services are received. costs related to the data breach that may be incurred in future periods may include additional liabilities to payment card networks and impacted customers; liabilities from current and future civil litigation, governmental investigations and enforcement proceedings; future expenses for legal, investigative and consulting fees; and incremental expenses and capital investments for remediation activities. we believe that the ultimate amount paid on these services and claims could have an adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in future periods.
insurance coverage we maintained $100 million of network security and privacy liability insurance coverage in fiscal 2014, above a $7.5 million deductible, to limit our exposure to losses such as those related to the data breach. as of january 31, 2016, we had received initial payments totaling $30 million of insurance reimbursements under the fiscal 2014 policy, and expect to receive additional payments. we maintained $100 million of network security and privacy liability insurance coverage in fiscal 2015, above a $10 million deductible, to limit our exposure to similar losses. in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we entered into a new policy, with $100 million of network security and privacy liability insurance coverage, above a $10 million deductible, to limit our exposure to similar losses.
key initiatives in fiscal 2015, we continued to focus on the following key initiatives:
customer experience - our customer experience initiative is anchored on the principles of putting customers first and taking care of our associates. our commitment to customer service remains strong, and in fiscal 2015, we re-trained our store associates on our customer first program. we have also taken a number of steps to enhance this initiative to provide our customers with a seamless and frictionless shopping experience in our stores, online, on the job site or in their homes. for example, in fiscal 2015 we utilized our second generation first phones, our web-enabled handheld devices, to enhance customer service in our stores by allowing our associates to convert online sales in the aisle and expedite the checkout process for customers during peak traffic periods.
product authority - our product authority initiative is facilitated by our merchandising transformation and portfolio strategy, which is focused on delivering product innovation, assortment and value. in fiscal 2015, we continued to introduce a wide range of innovative new products to our do-it-yourself, do-it-for-me and professional customers, while remaining focused on offering everyday values in our stores and online. we also continued to utilize our merchandising assortment planning and pricing tools to better understand customer preferences and to refine our product assortment in particular stores or geographic areas.
productivity and efficiency driven by capital allocation - our approach to driving productivity and efficiency is advanced through continuous operational improvement in the stores and our supply chain, disciplined capital allocation and building shareholder value through higher returns on invested capital and total value returned to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. one of our principal initiatives in fiscal 2015 has been to further optimize and efficiently operate our supply chain by beginning initial work on a multi-year program called project sync. through project sync, which is being rolled out gradually to suppliers in several u.s. rdcs, we can significantly reduce our average lead time from supplier to shelf, reduce transportation expenses and improve inventory turns. as we continue to roll out project sync throughout our supply chain over the next several years, we plan to create an end-to-end solution that benefits all participants in our supply chain, from our suppliers to our transportation providers to our rdc and store associates to our customers.
we repurchased a total of 59 million shares of our common stock for $7.0 billion through asr agreements and the open market during fiscal 2015. in addition, in february 2016, we announced a 17% increase in our quarterly cash dividend to $0.69 per share.
in fiscal 2015, we opened four new stores in mexico and one new store in canada, for a total store count of 2,274 at the end of fiscal 2015. as of the end of fiscal 2015, a total of 297 of our stores, or 13.1%, were located in canada and mexico.
in august 2015, we completed the acquisition of interline for $1.7 billion. interline is a leading national distributor and direct marketer of broad-line mro products. we intend to leverage interline's capabilities and expertise in mro products to expand our share of the mro product market with our current customers as well as gain new customers currently served by interline.
we generated $9.4 billion of cash flow from operations in fiscal 2015. this cash flow, along with $4.0 billion of long-term debt issued in fiscal 2015, was used to fund $7.0 billion of share repurchases, pay $3.0 billion of dividends, purchase interline for $1.7 billion and fund $1.5 billion in capital expenditures.
our inventory turnover ratio was 4.9 times at the end of fiscal 2015 compared to 4.7 times at the end of fiscal 2014. our return on invested capital (computed on net operating profit after tax for the trailing twelve months and the average of beginning and ending long-term debt and equity) was 28.0% for fiscal 2015 compared to 24.9% for fiscal 2014.
interconnecting retail - our focus on interconnecting retail is based on building a competitive and seamless platform across all commerce channels. in fiscal 2015, we continued the pilot of our new com platform, which we expect to roll out to all u.s. stores by the end of fiscal 2016. we opened and began shipping products from our third new dfc located in troy township, ohio in fiscal 2015. we expect this facility, along with our other two new dfcs in california and georgia, to enable us to reach 90% of our u.s. customers in two business days or less with parcel shipping. we also began further interconnecting our distribution networks. for non-parcel orders originating from our dfcs, we have fully implemented boss via rdc delivery. in fiscal 2015, we began to roll out bodfs, which complements our existing interconnecting retail programs. we plan to complete the roll out of bodfs by the end of fiscal 2016.
additionally, we improved our mobile experience, invested in our digital content and made other site improvements to enhance and simplify the online experience. as a result of these efforts, we increased traffic to our websites, improved our online sales conversion rates, and saw a larger percentage of orders being picked up in our stores. in fiscal 2015, over 40% of our online orders were picked up in our stores through our bopis and boss offerings. sales from our online channels increased 25.4% for fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014, and represented 5.3% of our total net sales for fiscal 2015.
we believe the selected sales data, the percentage relationship between net sales and major categories in the consolidated statements of earnings and the percentage change in the dollar amounts of each of the items presented below are important in evaluating the performance of our business operations.
gross profit                                         34.2                34.1                34.2                6.6                           5.5
interest and investment income                       (0.2   )            (0.4   )               -              (50.7         )                 n/m interest expense                                      1.0                 1.0                 0.9               10.7                          16.7
earnings before provisionfor income taxes            12.5                12.0                10.7               10.5                          17.8
provision for income taxes                            4.5                 4.4                 3.9               10.5                          17.8
selected sales data(2)
number of customer transactions (in millions)     1,500.8             1,441.6             1,390.6                4.1         %                 3.7         %
(2)   selected sales data does not include results for the interline acquisition that was completed in the third quarter of fiscal 2015.
(3)   includes net sales at locations open greater than 12 months, including relocated and remodeled stores and online sales, and excluding closed stores. retail stores become comparable on the monday following their 365th day of operation. comparable store sales is intended only as supplemental information and is not a substitute for net sales or net earnings presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
(4)   consists of net sales generated online through our home depot, home decorators collection and blinds.com websites for products delivered to customer locations or picked up in stores through our bopis, boss and bodfs programs.
results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes to consolidated financial statements presented in this report.
net sales net sales for fiscal 2015 increased 6.4% to $88.5 billion from $83.2 billion for fiscal 2014. the increase in net sales for fiscal 2015 reflects the impact of positive comparable store sales driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth, partially offset by pressure from the strengthening u.s. dollar. total comparable store sales increased 5.6% for fiscal 2015.
the positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2015 reflect a number of factors, including the execution of our key initiatives, an improved u.s. home improvement market and broad-based growth across our stores. all of our departments posted positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2015. comparable store sales for our tools, appliances, plumbing, décor, lighting, indoor garden, building materials and hardware product categories were above the company average for fiscal 2015. further, our comparable store customer transactions increased 4.0% for fiscal 2015 and comparable store average ticket increased 1.6% for fiscal 2015, due in part to strong sales in big ticket purchases such as appliances, roofing and several installation service categories, offset in part by the strength of the u.s. dollar.
gross profit gross profit increased 6.6% to $30.3 billion for fiscal 2015 from $28.4 billion for fiscal 2014. gross profit as a percent of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 34.2% for fiscal 2015 compared to 34.1% for fiscal 2014, an increase of 6 basis points. the increase in gross profit margin for fiscal 2015 reflects benefits from our supply chain driven by lower fuel costs and increased productivity, partially offset by a change in the mix of products sold and the impact of interline, which has a lower gross profit margin.
operating expenses sg&a increased 3.2% to $16.8 billion for fiscal 2015 from $16.3 billion for fiscal 2014. sg&a for fiscal 2015 included $128 million of pretax net expenses related to the data breach compared to $33 million of pretax net expenses for fiscal 2014. as a percent of net sales, sg&a was 19.0% for fiscal 2015 compared to 19.6% for fiscal 2014. the decrease in sg&a as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2015 reflects strong expense controls and expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment, partially offset by expenses related to the data breach.
depreciation and amortization increased 3.0% to $1.7 billion for fiscal 2015 from $1.6 billion for fiscal 2014. depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales was 1.9% for fiscal 2015 compared to 2.0% for fiscal 2014. the decrease in depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2015 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment.
operating income operating income increased 12.5% to $11.8 billion for fiscal 2015 from $10.5 billion for fiscal 2014. operating income as a percent of net sales was 13.3% for fiscal 2015 compared to 12.6% for fiscal 2014.
interest and other, net in fiscal 2015, we recognized $753 million of interest and other, net, compared to $493 million for fiscal 2014. interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales was 0.9% for fiscal 2015 compared to 0.6% for fiscal 2014. these results include a $144 million pretax gain in fiscal 2015 related to the sale of our remaining equity ownership in hd supply compared to a pretax gain of $323 million in fiscal 2014 related to the sales of portions of our equity ownership in hd supply. interest and other, net, for fiscal 2015 also reflects additional interest expense associated with $4.0 billion of long-term debt issued in fiscal 2015.
provision for income taxes our combined effective income tax rate was 36.4% for both fiscal 2015 and 2014.
diluted earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $5.46 for fiscal 2015 compared to $4.71 for fiscal 2014. expenses related to the data breach had a negative impact of $0.06 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 compared to a negative impact of $0.02 for fiscal 2014. the gains on the sales of our equity ownership in hd supply contributed a benefit of $0.07 to diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2015 compared to a benefit of $0.15 for fiscal 2014.
net sales net sales for fiscal 2014 increased 5.5% to $83.2 billion from $78.8 billion for fiscal 2013. the increase in net sales for fiscal 2014 reflects the impact of positive comparable store sales driven by increased customer transactions and average ticket growth. total comparable store sales increased 5.3% for fiscal 2014.
the positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2014 reflect a number of factors, including the execution of our key initiatives, continued strength in our maintenance and repair categories, and an improved u.s. home improvement market. all of our departments posted positive comparable store sales for fiscal 2014. comparable store sales for our tools, appliances, millwork, décor, plumbing, lighting, electrical and hardware product categories were above or at the company average for fiscal 2014. further, our comparable store customer transactions increased 3.5% for fiscal 2014 and comparable store average ticket increased 1.8% for fiscal 2014, due in part to strong sales in big ticket purchases, such as appliances and water heaters, and sales growth in our services business.
gross profit gross profit increased 5.5% to $28.4 billion for fiscal 2014 from $26.9 billion for fiscal 2013. gross profit as a percent of net sales, or gross profit margin, was 34.1% for fiscal 2014 compared to 34.2% for fiscal 2013, a decrease of 2 basis points. the decrease in gross profit margin for fiscal 2014 was driven primarily by higher shrink, partially offset by benefits from productivity in our supply chain.
operating expenses sg&a increased 1.0% to $16.3 billion for fiscal 2014 from $16.1 billion for fiscal 2013. sg&a for fiscal 2014 included $33 million of pretax net expenses related to the data breach. as a percent of net sales, sg&a was 19.6% for fiscal 2014 compared to 20.5% for fiscal 2013. the decrease in sg&a as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2014 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment and strong expense controls, partially offset by expenses related to the data breach.
depreciation and amortization was $1.6 billion for both fiscal 2014 and 2013. depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales was 2.0% for fiscal 2014 compared to 2.1% for fiscal 2013. the decrease in depreciation and amortization as a percent of net sales for fiscal 2014 reflects expense leverage resulting from the positive comparable store sales environment.
operating income operating income increased 14.2% to $10.5 billion for fiscal 2014 from $9.2 billion for fiscal 2013. operating income as a percent of net sales was 12.6% for fiscal 2014 compared to 11.6% for fiscal 2013.
interest and other, net in fiscal 2014, we recognized $493 million of interest and other, net, compared to $699 million for fiscal 2013. interest and other, net, as a percent of net sales was 0.6% for fiscal 2014 compared to 0.9% for fiscal 2013. interest and other, net, for fiscal 2014 included a $323 million pretax gain related to the sales of portions of our equity ownership in hd supply. this was partially offset by additional interest expense associated with $2.0 billion of long-term debt issued in june 2014.
provision for income taxes our combined effective income tax rate was 36.4% for both fiscal 2014 and 2013.
diluted earnings per share diluted earnings per share were $4.71 for fiscal 2014 compared to $3.76 for fiscal 2013. diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2014 reflect $0.15 of benefit from the gain related to the sales of portions of our equity ownership in hd supply and a negative impact of $0.02 for expenses incurred in connection with the data breach.
liquidity and capital resources cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. for fiscal 2015, net cash provided by operating activities was $9.4 billion compared to $8.2 billion for fiscal 2014. this increase was primarily due to a $664 million increase in net earnings resulting from higher comparable store sales and expense leverage and a $644 million increase in cash flows from accounts payable and accrued expenses related to increased purchases and the timing of payments, partially offset by a $422 million increase in merchandise inventories as a result of increased inventory purchases in support of increased sales.
net cash used in investing activities for fiscal 2015 was $3.0 billion compared to $1.3 billion for fiscal 2014. this change was primarily due to $1.5 billion more in payments for businesses acquired, net, related to the acquisition of interline, and $179 million less in proceeds from sales of investments in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014. the aggregate purchase price of interline was $1.7 billion, of which a portion was used for the repayment of substantially all of interline's existing indebtedness. see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.
net cash used in financing activities for fiscal 2015 was $5.8 billion compared to $7.1 billion for fiscal 2014. this change was primarily the result of $2.0 billion more of net proceeds from long-term borrowings, partially offset by $501 million more in cash dividends paid to stockholders and $230 million less in proceeds from short-term borrowings, net, in fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014.
in february 2015, our board of directors authorized an $18.0 billion share repurchase program that replaced the previous authorization. in fiscal 2015, we entered into asr agreements with third-party financial institutions to repurchase $5.2 billion of our common stock. under the agreements, we paid $5.2 billion to the financial institutions and received a total of 44 million shares in fiscal 2015. also in fiscal 2015, we repurchased 15 million additional shares of our common stock for $1.8 billion through the open market. at january 31, 2016, $11.0 billion remained under our share repurchase authorization. see note 7 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our asr agreements.
subsequent to the end of fiscal 2015, in february 2016 we issued $1.35 billion of 2.00% senior notes due april 1, 2021 (the "2021 notes") at a discount of $5 million, $1.3 billion of 3.00% senior notes due april 1, 2026 (the "2026 notes") at a discount of $8 million, and $350 million of 4.25% senior notes due april 1, 2046 (the "2046 notes") at a premium of $2 million (together, the "february 2016 issuance"). the 2046 notes form a single series with our $1.25 billion of 4.25% senior notes due april 1, 2046 that were issued in may 2015, and have the same terms. the aggregate principal amount outstanding of our senior notes due april 1, 2046 is $1.6 billion. interest on the 2021 and 2026 notes is due semi-annually on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning october 1, 2016. interest on the 2046 notes is due semi-annually on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning april 1, 2016, with interest accruing from october 1, 2015.
the net proceeds of the february 2016 issuance were used to repay our 5.40% senior notes due march 1, 2016 (the "2016 notes"). as a result, the 2016 notes are classified as long-term debt in our accompanying consolidated balance sheets. see note 6 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report.
in september 2015, we issued $500 million of floating rate senior notes due september 15, 2017 (the "2017 notes") and $1.0 billion of 3.35% senior notes due september 15, 2025 (the "2025 notes") at a discount of $1 million (together, the "september 2015 issuance"). the 2017 notes bear interest at a variable rate determined quarterly equal to the three-month libor rate plus 37 basis points. interest on the 2017 notes is due quarterly on march 15, june 15, september 15 and december 15 of each year, beginning december 15, 2015. interest on the 2025 notes is due semi-annually on march 15 and september 15 of each year, beginning march 15, 2016. the net proceeds of the september 2015 issuance were used to fund the acquisition of interline.
in may 2015, we issued $1.25 billion of 2.625% senior notes due june 1, 2022 (the "2022 notes") at a discount of $5 million and $1.25 billion of 4.25% senior notes due april 1, 2046 (the "existing 2046 notes") at a discount of $3 million (together, the "may 2015 issuance"). interest on the 2022 notes is due semi-annually on june 1 and december 1 of each year, beginning december 1, 2015. interest on the existing 2046 notes is due semi-annually on april 1 and october 1 of each year, beginning october 1, 2015. the net proceeds of the may 2015 issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including repurchases of shares of our common stock.
september 15, 2014. the net proceeds of the june 2014 issuance were used for general corporate purposes, including repurchases of shares of our common stock.
in fiscal 2015, we entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements with a combined notional amount of $1.0 billion, accounted for as cash flow hedges, to hedge interest rate fluctuations in anticipation of issuing long-term debt to refinance the 2016 notes. at january 31, 2016, the approximate fair value of these agreements was a liability of $82 million, which is the estimated amount we would have paid to settle the agreements and is included in other long-term liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. in connection with the february 2016 issuance, we paid $89 million in february 2016 to settle the forward starting interest rate swap agreements we entered into in fiscal 2015.
in november 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap that expires on september 10, 2018, with a notional amount of $500 million, accounted for as a fair value hedge, that swaps fixed rate interest on our 2.25% senior notes due september 10, 2018 for variable interest equal to libor plus 88 basis points. at january 31, 2016, the approximate fair value of this agreement was an asset of $9 million, which is the estimated amount we would have received to settle the agreement and is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
also in november 2013, we entered into an interest rate swap that expires on september 15, 2020, with a notional amount of $500 million, accounted for as a fair value hedge, that swaps fixed rate interest on our 3.95% senior notes due september 15, 2020 for variable interest equal to libor plus 183 basis points. at january 31, 2016, the approximate fair value of this agreement was an asset of $25 million, which is the estimated amount we would have received to settle the agreement and is included in other assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
at january 31, 2016, we had an outstanding interest rate swap that expired on march 1, 2016, with a notional amount of $500 million, accounted for as a fair value hedge, that swapped fixed rate interest on our 2016 notes for variable interest equal to libor plus 300 basis points. at january 31, 2016, the approximate fair value of this agreement was an asset of $9 million, which is the estimated amount we would have received to settle the agreement and is included in other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
we have commercial paper programs that allow for borrowings up to $2.0 billion. all of our short-term borrowings in fiscal 2015 and 2014 were under these commercial paper programs. in connection with these programs, we have a back-up credit facility with a consortium of banks for borrowings up to $2.0 billion. in december 2014, we replaced our back-up credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in july 2017, with a new, substantially identical $2.0 billion credit facility. the new credit facility expires in december 2019 and contains various restrictive covenants. at january 31, 2016, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, and they are not expected to impact our liquidity or capital resources. at january 31, 2016 and february 1, 2015, there were $350 million and $290 million, respectively, of borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper programs. see note 6 to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our commercial paper programs and related credit facility.
we use capital and operating leases to finance a portion of our real estate, including our stores, distribution centers and store support centers. the net present value of capital lease obligations is reflected in our consolidated balance sheets in long-term debt and current installments of long-term debt. in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, the operating leases are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
as of january 31, 2016, we had $2.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents. we believe that our current cash position, access to the long-term debt capital markets and cash flow generated from operations should be sufficient not only for our operating requirements but also to enable us to complete our capital expenditure programs and fund dividend payments, share repurchases and any required long-term debt payments through the next several fiscal years. in addition, we have funds available from our commercial paper programs and the ability to obtain alternative sources of financing.
off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, operating leases for a portion of our real estate and other assets are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets.
capital lease obligations(3)       1,489                 122                 231                   236                   900
unrecognized tax benefits(5)         175                 175                   -                     -                     -
(1)   excludes present value of capital lease obligations, fair value of interest rate swaps and unamortized debt discounts.
(4)   purchase obligations include all legally binding contracts such as firm commitments for inventory purchases, utility purchases, capital expenditures, software acquisitions and license commitments and legally binding service contracts. purchase orders that are not binding agreements are excluded from the table above.
(5)   excludes $514 million of noncurrent unrecognized tax benefits due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments.
(6)   excludes estimated loss contingencies related to the data breach due to uncertainty regarding the timing of future cash payments. see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.
quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk our exposure to market risk results primarily from fluctuations in interest rates. interest rate swap agreements are used, at times, to manage our fixed/floating rate debt portfolio. at january 31, 2016, after giving consideration to our interest rate swap agreements, approximately 90% of our debt portfolio was comprised of fixed-rate debt and 10% was floating-rate debt. a 1.0 percentage point change in the interest costs of floating-rate debt would not have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
as of january 31, 2016 we had, net of discounts, $20.2 billion of senior notes outstanding. the aggregate market value of these publicly traded senior notes as of january 31, 2016 was approximately $21.8 billion.
we are exposed to risks from foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on the translation of our foreign operations into u.s. dollars and on the purchase of goods by these foreign operations that are not denominated in their local currencies. revenues from these foreign operations accounted for approximately $8.0 billion and $8.5 billion of our revenue for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. our exposure to foreign currency rate fluctuations is not material to our financial condition or results of operations.
impact of inflation, deflation and changing prices we have experienced inflation and deflation related to our purchase of certain commodity products. we do not believe that changing prices for commodities have had a material effect on our net sales or results of operations. although we cannot precisely determine the overall effect of inflation and deflation on operations, we do not believe inflation and deflation have had a material effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
critical accounting policies our significant accounting policies are disclosed in note 1 to the consolidated financial statements. the following discussion addresses our most critical accounting policies, which are those that are both important to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require significant judgment or use of significant assumptions or complex estimates.
revenues we recognize revenue, net of estimated returns and sales tax, at the time the customer takes possession of merchandise or receives services. we estimate the liability for sales returns based on our historical return levels. we believe that our estimate for sales returns is an accurate reflection of future returns. we have never recorded a significant adjustment to our estimated liability for sales returns. however, if these estimates are significantly below the actual amounts, our sales could be adversely impacted. when we receive payment from customers before the customer has taken possession of the merchandise or the service has been performed, the amount received is recorded as deferred revenue in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets until the sale or service is complete. we also record deferred revenue for the sale of gift cards and recognize this revenue upon the redemption of gift cards in net sales.
merchandise inventories our merchandise inventories are stated at the lower of cost (first-in, first-out) or market, with approximately 71% valued under the retail inventory method and the remainder under a cost method. retailers like us, with many different types of merchandise at low unit cost and a large number of transactions, frequently use the retail inventory method. under the retail inventory method, merchandise inventories are stated at cost, which is determined by applying a cost-to-retail ratio to the ending retail value of inventories. as our inventory retail value is adjusted regularly to reflect market conditions, our inventory valued using the retail method approximates the lower of cost or market. we evaluate our inventory valued using a cost method at the end of each quarter to ensure that it is carried at the lower of cost or market. the valuation allowance for merchandise inventories valued under a cost method was not material to our consolidated financial statements as of the end of fiscal 2015 or 2014.
independent physical inventory counts or cycle counts are taken on a regular basis in each store and distribution center to ensure that amounts reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for merchandise inventories are properly stated. during the period between physical inventory counts in our stores, we accrue for estimated losses related to shrink on a store-by-store basis. shrink (or in the case of excess inventory, "swell") is the difference between the recorded amount of inventory and the physical inventory. shrink may occur due to theft, loss, inaccurate records for the receipt of inventory or deterioration of goods, among other things. we estimate shrink as a percent of net sales using the average shrink results from the previous two physical inventories. the estimates are evaluated quarterly and adjusted based on recent shrink results and current trends in the business. actual shrink results did not vary materially from estimated amounts for fiscal 2015, 2014 or 2013.
self-insurance we have established liabilities for certain losses related to general liability (including product liability), workers' compensation, employee group medical and automobile claims for which we are self-insured. our self-insured retention or deductible, as applicable, for each claim involving general liability, workers' compensation and automobile liability is limited to $25 million, $1 million and $1 million, respectively. we do not have any stop loss limits for self-insured employee group medical claims. our liabilities represent estimates of the ultimate cost for claims incurred as of the balance sheet date. the estimated liabilities are not discounted and are established based upon analysis of historical data and actuarial estimates. the liabilities are reviewed by management and third-party actuaries on a regular basis to ensure that they are appropriate. while we believe these estimates are reasonable based on the information currently available, if actual trends, including the severity or frequency of claims, medical cost inflation or fluctuations in premiums, differ from our estimates, our results of operations could be impacted. actual results related to these types of claims did not vary materially from estimated amounts for fiscal 2015, 2014 or 2013. we maintain network security and privacy liability insurance coverage to limit our exposure to losses such as those that may be caused by a significant compromise or breach of our data security. this coverage is discussed further in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements.
vendor allowances vendor allowances primarily consist of volume rebates that are earned as a result of attaining certain purchase levels and advertising co-op allowances for the promotion of vendors' products that are typically based on guaranteed minimum amounts with additional amounts being earned for attaining certain purchase levels. these vendor allowances are accrued as earned, with those allowances received as a result of attaining certain purchase levels accrued over the incentive period based on estimates of purchases. we believe that our estimate of vendor allowances earned based on expected volume of purchases over the incentive period is an accurate reflection of the ultimate allowance to be received from our vendors.
volume rebates and certain advertising co-op allowances earned are initially recorded as a reduction in merchandise inventories and a subsequent reduction in cost of sales when the related product is sold. certain advertising co-op allowances that are reimbursements of specific, incremental and identifiable costs incurred to promote vendors' products are recorded as an offset against advertising expense in sg&a.
impairment of long-lived assets we evaluate our long-lived assets each quarter for indicators of potential impairment. indicators of impairment include current period losses combined with a history of losses, management's decision to relocate or close a store or other location before the end of its previously estimated useful life or when changes in other circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the evaluation for long-lived assets is performed at the lowest level of identifiable cash flows, which is generally the individual store level.
the assets of a store with indicators of impairment are evaluated by comparing its undiscounted cash flows with its carrying value. the estimate of cash flows includes management's assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of those assets in operations, including gross margin on net sales, payroll and related items, occupancy costs, insurance allocations and other costs to operate a store. if the carrying value is greater than the undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between the carrying value and the estimated fair market value. impairment losses are recorded as a component of sg&a in the accompanying consolidated statements of earnings. when a leased location closes, we also recognize in sg&a the net present value of future lease obligations less estimated sublease income.
we make critical assumptions and estimates in completing impairment assessments of long-lived assets. our cash flow projections look several years into the future and include assumptions on variables such as future sales and operating margin growth rates, economic conditions, market competition and inflation. a 10% decrease in the estimated undiscounted cash flows for the stores with indicators of impairment would not have a material impact on our results of operations. our estimates of fair market value are generally based on market appraisals of owned locations and estimates on the amount of potential sublease income and the time required to sublease for leased locations. a 10% decrease in estimated sublease income and a 10% increase in the time required to sublease would not have a material impact on our results of operations. we recorded impairments and lease obligation costs on closings and relocations in the ordinary course of business, which were not material to the consolidated financial statements in fiscal 2015, 2014 or 2013.
goodwill and other intangible assets goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired. we do not amortize goodwill but do assess the recoverability of goodwill in the third quarter of each fiscal year, or more often if indicators warrant, by determining whether the fair value of each reporting unit supports its carrying value. each year we may assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of each reporting unit is less than its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to complete quantitative impairment assessments, with a quantitative assessment completed at least once every three years. our most recent quantitative assessment was completed in fiscal 2013.
in fiscal 2015, we completed our annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill for our u.s., canada and mexico reporting units. we performed qualitative assessments, concluding that the fair value of our reporting units was not more likely than not less than the carrying value. there were no impairment charges related to goodwill for fiscal 2015, 2014 or 2013.
we amortize the cost of other intangible assets over their estimated useful lives, which range up to 12 years, unless such lives are deemed indefinite. intangible assets with indefinite lives are tested in the third quarter of each fiscal year for impairment, or more often if indicators warrant. there were no impairment charges related to our other intangible assets for fiscal 2015, 2014 or 2013.
recent accounting pronouncements for a summary of recently issued accounting pronouncements which may be applicable to us, see note 1 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report.