item 1a.   risk factors set forth below are the risks that we believe are material to our investors. this section contains forward-looking statements. you should refer to the explanation of the qualifications and limitations on forward-looking statements in item 1. business under the caption "forward-looking statements".
we must develop new products, adapt to rapid and significant technological change and respond to introductions of new products by competitors to remain competitive. our growth strategy includes significant investment in and expenditures for product development. we sell our products in several industries that are characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. competitive factors include technological innovation, price, service and delivery, breadth of product line, customer support, e-business capabilities and the ability to meet the special requirements of customers. our competitors may adapt more quickly to new technologies and changes in customers' requirements than we can. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will likely become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer.
many of our existing products and those under development are technologically innovative and require significant planning, design, development and testing at the technological, product and manufacturing-process levels. our customers use many of our products to develop, test and manufacture their own products. as a result, we must anticipate industry trends and develop products in advance of the commercialization of our customers' products. if we fail to adequately predict our customers' needs and future activities, we may invest heavily in research and development of products and services that do not lead to significant revenue.
it may be difficult for us to implement our strategies for improving internal growth. some of the markets in which we compete have been flat or declining over the past several years. to address this issue, we are pursuing a number of strategies to improve our internal growth, including:
•   strengthening our presence in selected geographic markets;
•   allocating research and development funding to products with higher growth prospects;
•   developing new applications for our technologies;
•   continuing key customer initiatives;
•   combining sales and marketing operations in appropriate markets to compete more effectively;
•   finding new markets for our products; and
•   continuing the development of commercial tools and infrastructure to increase and support cross-selling opportunities of products and services to take advantage of our depth in product offerings.
we may not be able to successfully implement these strategies, and these strategies may not result in the expected growth of our business.
our business is affected by general economic conditions and related uncertainties affecting markets in which we operate. our business is affected by general economic conditions, both inside and outside the u.s. if the global economy and financial markets, or economic conditions in europe, the u.s. or other key markets, are unstable, it could adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the company and its customers, distributors, and suppliers, having the effect of
•   reducing demand for some of our products;
•   increasing pressure on the prices for our products and services; and for example, recent developments in europe have created uncertainty with respect to the ability of certain european countries to continue to service their sovereign debt obligations. this debt crisis could result in customers in europe taking longer to pay for products they have purchased from us, or being unable to pay at all. the continued weakness in world risk factors (continued)
economies makes the strength and timing of any economic recovery uncertain, and there can be no assurance that global economic conditions will not deteriorate further.
demand for some of our products depends on capital spending policies of our customers and on government funding policies. our customers include pharmaceutical and chemical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities.
spending by some of these customers fluctuates based on budget allocations and the timely passage of the annual federal budget. an impasse in federal government budget decisions could lead to substantial delays or reductions in federal spending. in fiscal year 2013, the u.s. government was unable to reach agreement on budget reduction measures required by the budget control act of 2011. as a result, in early 2013, an enforcement mechanism known as sequestration went into effect, which triggered one year of budget reductions. in subsequent years, statutory spending caps have constrained federal funding levels. despite agreement not to impose similar cuts in fiscal years 2014 through 2017, it is possible that congress will allow similar cuts to occur again in fiscal year 2018 and beyond.
as a multinational corporation, we are exposed to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our cash flows and results of operations. international markets contribute a substantial portion of our revenues, and we intend to continue expanding our presence in these regions. the exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates takes on different forms. international revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in exchange rates could adversely affect our reported revenues and profitability when translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. these fluctuations could also adversely affect the demand for products and services provided by us. as a multinational corporation, our businesses occasionally invoice third-party customers in currencies other than the one in which they primarily do business (the "functional currency"). movements in the invoiced currency relative to the functional currency could adversely impact our cash flows and our results of operations. should our international sales grow, exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates could have a larger effect on our financial results. in 2015, currency translation had an unfavorable effect of $938 million on revenues due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to other currencies in which the company sells products and services. for 2016, the company is expecting a significant negative impact on revenues and operating income due to the stronger u.s. dollar.
healthcare reform legislation could adversely impact us. the patient protection and affordable care act could have an adverse impact on us. some of the potential consequences, such as a reduction in governmental support of healthcare services or adverse changes to the delivery or pricing of healthcare services or products or mandated benefits, may cause healthcare-industry participants to purchase fewer of our products and services or to reduce the prices they are willing to pay for our products or services.
our inability to protect our intellectual property could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, third parties may claim that we infringe their intellectual property, and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expense as a result. we place considerable emphasis on obtaining patent and trade secret protection for significant new technologies, products and processes because of the length of time and expense associated with bringing new products through the development process and into the marketplace. our success depends in part on our ability to develop patentable products and obtain and enforce patent protection for our products both in the united states and in other countries. we own numerous u.s. and foreign patents, and we intend to file additional applications, as appropriate, for patents covering our products. patents may not be issued for any pending or future patent applications owned by or licensed to us, and the claims allowed under any issued patents may not be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. any issued patents owned by or licensed to us may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, and the rights under these patents may not provide us with competitive advantages. in addition, competitors may design around our technology or develop competing technologies. intellectual property rights may also be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, which could make it easier for competitors to capture increased market position. we could incur substantial costs to defend ourselves in suits brought against us or in suits in which we may assert our patent rights against others. an unfavorable outcome of any such litigation could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we also rely on trade secrets and proprietary know-how with which we seek to protect our products, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our collaborators, employees and consultants. these agreements may be breached and we may not have adequate remedies for any breach. in addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently developed by our competitors.
third parties may assert claims against us to the effect that we are infringing on their intellectual property rights. with our acquisition of life technologies, we became party to several lawsuits in which plaintiffs claim we infringe their intellectual property (note 10). we could incur substantial costs and diversion of management resources in defending these claims, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, parties making risk factors (continued)
these claims could secure a judgment awarding substantial damages, as well as injunctive or other equitable relief, which could effectively block our ability to make, use, sell, distribute, or market our products and services in the united states or abroad. in the event that a claim relating to intellectual property is asserted against us, or third parties not affiliated with us hold pending or issued patents that relate to our products or technology, we may seek licenses to such intellectual property or challenge those patents. however, we may be unable to obtain these licenses on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, and our challenge of the patents may be unsuccessful. our failure to obtain the necessary licenses or other rights could prevent the sale, manufacture, or distribution of our products and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. we compete in many markets in which we and our customers must comply with federal, state, local and international regulations, such as environmental, health and safety and food and drug regulations. we develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by those regulations. any significant change in regulations could reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. for example, many of our instruments are marketed to the pharmaceutical industry for use in discovering and developing drugs. changes in the u.s. food and drug administration's regulation of the drug discovery and development process could have an adverse effect on the demand for these products.
if our security products do not operate as designed and fail to detect explosives or radiation, we could be exposed to product liability and related claims for which we may not have adequate insurance coverage. products currently or previously sold by our environmental and process instruments and radiation measurement and security instruments businesses include fixed and portable instruments used for chemical, radiation and trace explosives detection. these products are used in airports, embassies, cargo facilities, border crossings and other high-threat facilities for the detection and prevention of terrorist acts. if any of these products were to malfunction, it is possible that explosive or radioactive material could fail to be detected by our product, which could lead to product liability claims. there are also many other factors beyond our control that could lead to liability claims, such as the reliability and competence of the customers' operators and the training of such operators. any such product liability claims brought against us could be significant and any adverse determination may result in liabilities in excess of our insurance coverage. although we carry product liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our current insurance will be sufficient to cover these claims or that it can be maintained on acceptable terms, if at all.
our inability to complete pending acquisitions or to successfully integrate any new or previous acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business. our business strategy includes the acquisition of technologies and businesses that complement or augment our existing products and services. certain acquisitions may be difficult to complete for a number of reasons, including the need for antitrust and/or other regulatory approvals. any acquisition we may complete may be made at a substantial premium over the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired company. further, we may not be able to integrate acquired businesses successfully into our existing businesses, make such businesses profitable, or realize anticipated cost savings or synergies, if any, from these acquisitions, which could adversely affect our business.
moreover, we have acquired many companies and businesses. as a result of these acquisitions, we recorded significant goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily tradenames) on our balance sheet, which amount to approximately $18.83 billion and $1.25 billion, respectively, as of december 31, 2015. in addition, we have definite-lived intangible assets totaling $11.51 billion as of december 31, 2015. we assess the realizability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. we assess the realizability of definite-lived intangible assets whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that these assets may be impaired. these events or circumstances would generally include operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset. our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of these businesses. these cash flows in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses. if we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets.
we are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. we have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. the laws governing government contracts differ from the laws governing private contracts and government contracts may contain pricing terms and conditions that are not applicable to private contracts. we are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. a failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment.
risk factors (continued)
because we compete directly with certain of our larger customers and product suppliers, our results of operations could be adversely affected in the short term if these customers or suppliers abruptly discontinue or significantly modify their relationship with us. our largest customer in the laboratory products business is also a significant competitor. our business may be harmed in the short term if our competitive relationship in the marketplace with certain of our large customers results in a discontinuation of their purchases from us. in addition, we manufacture products that compete directly with products that we source from third-party suppliers. we also source competitive products from multiple suppliers. our business could be adversely affected in the short term if any of our large third-party suppliers abruptly discontinues selling products to us.
because we rely heavily on third-party package-delivery services, a significant disruption in these services or significant increases in prices may disrupt our ability to ship products, increase our costs and lower our profitability. we ship a significant portion of our products to our customers through independent package delivery companies, such as federal express in the u.s. and dhl in europe. we also maintain a small fleet of vehicles dedicated to the delivery of our products and ship our products through other carriers, including national and regional trucking firms, overnight carrier services and the u.s. postal service. if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to experience a major work stoppage, preventing our products from being delivered in a timely fashion or causing us to incur additional shipping costs we could not pass on to our customers, our costs could increase and our relationships with certain of our customers could be adversely affected. in addition, if one or more of these third-party package-delivery providers were to increase prices, and we were not able to find comparable alternatives or make adjustments in our delivery network, our profitability could be adversely affected.
we are required to comply with a wide variety of laws and regulations, and are subject to regulation by various federal, state and foreign agencies. for example, some of our operations are subject to regulation by the u.s. food and drug administration and similar international agencies. these regulations govern a wide variety of product activities, from design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. if we fail to comply with the u.s. food and drug administration's regulations or those of similar international agencies, we may have to recall products and/or cease their manufacture and distribution, which would increase our costs and reduce our revenues.
we are also subject to a variety of federal, state, local and international laws and regulations that govern, among other things, the importation and exportation of products, the handling, transportation and manufacture of substances that could be classified as hazardous, and our business practices in the u.s. and abroad such as anti-corruption and anti-competition laws. a failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal, civil and administrative penalties.
regulations related to "conflict minerals" may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products. in 2012 the sec adopted a rule requiring disclosures by public companies of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. the rule requires an annual disclosure report to be filed, and requires companies to perform due diligence and disclose and report whether or not such minerals originate from the democratic republic of congo or an adjoining country. the rule could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products, including tantalum, tin, gold and tungsten. the number of suppliers who provide conflict-free minerals may be limited. in addition, there may be material costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs of possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. as our supply chain is complex, we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we undertake, which may harm our reputation. in addition, we may encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to do so.
our business could be adversely affected by disruptions at our sites. we rely upon our manufacturing operations to produce many of the products we sell and our warehouse facilities to store products, pending sale. any significant disruption of those operations for any reason, such as strikes or other labor unrest, power interruptions, fire, or other events beyond our control could adversely affect our sales and customer relationships and therefore adversely affect our business. we have significant operations in california, near major earthquake faults, which make us susceptible to earthquake risk. although most of our raw materials are available from a number of potential suppliers, our operations also depend upon our ability to obtain raw materials at reasonable prices. if we are unable to obtain the materials we need at a reasonable price, we may not be able to produce certain of our products or we may not be able to produce certain of these products at a marketable price, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
fluctuations in our effective tax rate may adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. as a global company, we are subject to taxation in numerous countries, states and other jurisdictions. in preparing our financial statements, we record the amount of tax that is payable in each of the countries, states and other jurisdictions in which we operate. our future effective risk factors (continued)
tax rate, however, may be lower or higher than experienced in the past due to numerous factors, including a change in the mix of our profitability from country to country, changes in accounting for income taxes and recently enacted and future changes in tax laws in jurisdictions in which we operate. any of these factors could cause us to experience an effective tax rate significantly different from previous periods or our current expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
we may incur unexpected costs from increases in fuel and raw material prices, which could reduce our earnings and cash flow. our primary commodity exposures are for fuel, petroleum-based resins and steel. while we may seek to minimize the impact of price increases through higher prices to customers and various cost-saving measures, our earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in the event these measures are insufficient to cover our costs.
unforeseen problems with the implementation and maintenance of our information systems could have an adverse effect on our operations. as a part of our ongoing effort to upgrade our current information systems, we periodically implement new enterprise resource planning software and other software applications to manage certain of our business operations. as we implement and add functionality, problems could arise that we have not foreseen. such problems could adversely impact our ability to provide quotes, take customer orders and otherwise run our business in a timely manner. in addition, if our new systems fail to provide accurate pricing and cost data our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we also rely on our technology infrastructure, among other functions, to interact with suppliers, sell our products and services, fulfill orders and bill, collect and make payments, ship products, provide services and support to customers, track customers, fulfill contractual obligations and otherwise conduct business. our systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, terrorist attacks, computer viruses, computer denial-of-service attacks, unauthorized access to customer or employee data or company trade secrets, and other attempts to harm our systems. when we upgrade or change systems, we may suffer interruptions in service, loss of data or reduced functionality. certain of our systems are not redundant, and our disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for every eventuality. despite any precautions we may take, such problems could result in, among other consequences, interruptions in our services, which could harm our reputation and financial results.
our debt may restrict our investment opportunities or limit our activities. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $12.53 billion in outstanding indebtedness. in addition, we have a revolving credit facility that provides for up to $2.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. we may also obtain additional long-term debt and lines of credit to meet future financing needs, which would have the effect of increasing our total leverage.
our leverage could have negative consequences, including increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, limiting our ability to obtain additional financing and limiting our ability to acquire new products and technologies through strategic acquisitions.
our ability to make scheduled payments, refinance our obligations or obtain additional financing will depend on our future operating performance and on economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flow to meet our obligations. if we are unable to service our debt, refinance our existing debt or obtain additional financing, we may be forced to delay strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures or research and development expenditures.
additionally, the agreements governing our debt require that we maintain certain financial ratios, and contain affirmative and negative covenants that restrict our activities by, among other limitations, limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments, create liens, sell assets and enter into transactions with affiliates. the covenants in our revolving credit facility include a total debt-to-ebitda ratio and an interest coverage ratio. specifically, the company has agreed that, so long as any lender has any commitment under the facility, or any loan or other obligation is outstanding under the facility, or any letter of credit is outstanding under the facility, it will not permit (as the following terms are defined in the facility) the consolidated leverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated indebtedness to consolidated ebitda) as at the last day of any fiscal quarter to be greater than 3.5 to 1.0 or the consolidated interest coverage ratio (the ratio of consolidated ebitda to consolidated interest expense) to be less than 3.0 to 1.0.
our ability to comply with these financial restrictions and covenants is dependent on our future performance, which is subject to prevailing economic conditions and other factors, including factors that are beyond our control such as foreign exchange rates and interest rates. our failure to comply with any of these restrictions or covenants may result in an event of default under the applicable debt instrument, which could permit acceleration of the debt under that instrument and require us to prepay that debt before its scheduled due date. also, an acceleration of the debt under certain of our debt instruments would trigger an event of default under other of our debt instruments.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations reference is made throughout this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations to notes to consolidated financial statements, which begin on page f-1 of this report.
overview the company develops, manufactures and sells a broad range of products that are sold worldwide. the company expands the product lines and services it offers by developing and commercializing its own technologies and by making strategic acquisitions of complementary businesses. the company's continuing operations fall into four business segments (see note 3): life sciences solutions, analytical instruments, specialty diagnostics and laboratory products and services.
recent acquisitions and divestitures the company's strategy is to augment internal growth at existing businesses with complementary acquisitions. the company's principal recent acquisitions and divestitures are described below.
on february 3, 2014, the company completed the acquisition of life technologies corporation for a total purchase price of $15.30 billion, net of cash acquired, including the assumption of $2.28 billion of debt. the company issued debt and common stock in late 2013 and early 2014 to partially fund the acquisition discussed below under the caption "liquidity and capital resources". life technologies was integrated into the life sciences solutions segment and provides innovative products and services to customers conducting scientific research and genetic analysis, as well as those in applied markets, such as forensics and food safety testing. life technologies' revenues totaled $3.87 billion in 2013.
on march 21, 2014, the company sold its legacy sera and media, gene modulation and magnetic beads businesses to ge healthcare for $1.06 billion, net of cash divested. the sale of these businesses resulted in a pre-tax gain of approximately $761 million included in restructuring and other costs (income), net. the businesses fell principally in the life sciences solutions segment. divestiture of these businesses was a condition to obtaining antitrust approval for the life technologies acquisition. revenues and operating income of the businesses sold were approximately $250 million and $64 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2013 and $61 million and $12 million, respectively, in 2014 through the date of sale.
on august 15, 2014, the company sold its cole-parmer specialty channel business, part of the laboratory products and services segment, for $480 million in cash, net of cash divested. the sale of this business resulted in a pre-tax gain of approximately $134 million, included in restructuring and other costs (income), net. revenues and operating income of the business sold were approximately $232 million and $43 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2013 and $149 million and $28 million, respectively, in 2014 through the date of sale.
on february 4, 2015, the company acquired advanced scientifics, inc., a north america-based global provider of single-use technologies for customized bioprocessing solutions, for approximately $289 million. advanced scientifics was integrated into the life sciences solutions segment and expands the company's bioprocessing offerings. revenues of advanced scientifics were approximately $80 million in 2014.
on september 30, 2015, the company acquired, within the laboratory products and services segment, alfa aesar, a u.k.-based global manufacturer of research chemicals from johnson matthey plc, for £257 million ($392 million) in cash. the acquisition expands the company's existing portfolio of chemicals, solvents and reagents. revenues of alfa aesar were approximately £78 million in 2014.
in january 2016, the company signed an agreement to acquire, within the life sciences solutions segment, affymetrix, inc., a north america-based provider of cellular and genetic analysis products, for approximately $1.3 billion in cash. the acquisition will expand the company's existing portfolio of antibodies and assays for high-growth flow cytometry and single-cell biology applications. revenues of affymetrix were $360 million in 2015. the transaction, which is expected to close by the end of the second quarter of 2016, is subject to the approval of affymetrix shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including regulatory approvals. the company expects to issue debt in advance of closing the acquisition of affymetrix to partially fund the acquisition.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview of results of operations and liquidity sales in 2015 were $16.97 billion, an increase of $76 million from 2014. the unfavorable effects of currency translation resulted in a decrease in revenues of $938 million in 2015. sales increased $212 million due to acquisitions, net of divestitures. aside from the effects of currency translation, acquisitions and divestitures, revenues increased $803 million (5%) primarily due to increased demand. sales to customers in the company's primary end markets grew. demand from customers in pharmaceutical and biotech industries was particularly strong, while sales to industrial markets and academic and government markets grew modestly in 2015. sales growth was moderate in north america and europe and strong in asia. revenues and operating income of the company's non-u.s. operations are translated into u.s. dollars to report consolidated results. based on weakening of currency exchange rates against the u.s. dollar that occurred in 2015 and early 2016, the company currently expects that there will be a continued adverse effect on reported amounts of revenues and operating income in 2016 as a result of the stronger u.s. dollar.
in 2015, total company operating income and operating income margin were $2.34 billion and 13.8%, respectively, compared with $2.50 billion and 14.8%, respectively, in 2014. the decrease in operating income and operating income margin was primarily due to net gains of $895 million on the sale of businesses in 2014, offset in part by $450 million of charges in 2014 associated with the february 2014 acquisition of life technologies. the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange also contributed to the decrease in profitability. these factors that reduced operating income in 2015 were offset in part by productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases and, to a lesser extent, profit on higher sales in local currencies. the company's references throughout this discussion to productivity improvements generally refer to improved cost efficiencies from its practical process improvement (ppi) business system, reduced costs resulting from global sourcing initiatives, a lower cost structure following restructuring actions, including headcount reductions and consolidation of facilities, and low cost region manufacturing.
the company recorded a benefit from income taxes in 2015. in 2015, the company implemented tax planning initiatives related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. these initiatives resulted in additional foreign tax credits of $111 million, offset in part by additional u.s. income taxes of $46 million on the related foreign income (net benefit of $66 million), which reduced the company's effective rate by 3.4 percentage points. the company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $80 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense. in addition, the company recorded tax benefits totaling $54 million, or 2.8 percentage points, related to additional prior year foreign tax and other credits as well as restructuring and other costs associated with the 2014 acquisition of life technologies. the tax provision in the 2015 period was favorably affected by $37 million, or 1.9 percentage points, as a result of adjustments to deferred tax balances due to changes in tax rates. the effective tax rate in both 2015 and 2014 was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company's cash payments for income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $477 million and $586 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the company's effective tax rate was 9.2% in 2014. the 2014 provision for income taxes included $390 million related to gains on the sales of businesses. aside from the discrete tax on the gains, the company had a benefit from income taxes primarily due to restructuring and other costs associated with the acquisition of life technologies as well as an increase in the expected benefit from foreign tax credits. in 2014, non-u.s. subsidiaries of the company made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company generated u.s. foreign tax credits of $172 million, offset in part by additional u.s. income taxes of $55 million on the related foreign income. the net result of these transactions favorably affected the income tax provision by $117 million and reduced the company's effective tax rate by 5.6 percentage points in 2014. the federal tax credit for 2014 research and development activities favorably affected the tax provision in 2014 by $20 million, or 1.0 percentage point. in 2014, the company recognized a discrete management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations overview of results of operations and liquidity (continued)
tax benefit of $15 million, or 0.7 percentage points, attributable to tax rulings related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. the tax provision in the 2014 period was favorably affected by $5.5 million, or 0.3 percentage points, as a result of adjustments to deferred tax balances due to changes in tax rates.
the company expects its effective tax rate in 2016 will be less than 3% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits.
income from continuing operations increased to $1.98 billion in 2015, from $1.90 billion in 2014. the decrease in operating income in the 2015 period (discussed above) was more than offset by an increase in the income tax benefit in the 2015 period (discussed above) and a decrease in interest expense of $65 million primarily due to a reduction in outstanding debt and effective interest rates.
during 2015, the company's cash flow from operations totaled $2.82 billion compared with $2.62 billion for 2014. the increase resulted from cash disbursements in the 2014 period totaling $325 million related to the acquisition of life technologies, including severance obligations, third-party transaction/integration costs and monetizing certain equity awards held by life technologies employees at the date of acquisition, offset in part by lower payments in 2014 for incentive compensation as a result of life technologies having paid its annual incentive compensation prior to the acquisition.
as of december 31, 2015, the company's short-term debt totaled $1.05 billion, including $1.00 billion of senior notes, due in the next twelve months and $50 million of commercial paper obligations. the company has a revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $2.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. if the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. as of december 31, 2015, no borrowings were outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by approximately $65 million as a result of outstanding letters of credit.
the company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents of $452 million as of december 31, 2015 and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
critical accounting policies and estimates the company's discussion and analysis of its financial condition and results of operations is based upon its financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. the preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and related disclosure of contingent liabilities. on an on-going basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to bad debts, inventories, business combinations, intangible assets and goodwill, sales returns, income taxes, contingencies and litigation, and pension costs. management believes the most complex and sensitive judgments, because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements, result primarily from the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. management bases its estimates on historical experience, current market and economic conditions and other assumptions that management believes are reasonable. the results of these estimates form the basis for judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities where the values are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions.
the company believes the following represent its critical accounting policies and estimates used in the preparation of its financial statements:
(a)   accounts receivable the company maintains allowances for doubtful accounts for estimated losses resulting from the inability of its customers to pay amounts due. such allowances totaled $70 million at december 31, 2015. the company estimates the amount of customer receivables that are uncollectible based on the age of the receivable, the creditworthiness of the customer and any other information that is relevant to the judgment. if the financial condition of the company's customers were to deteriorate, reducing their ability to make payments, additional allowances would be required.
(b)   inventories the company writes down its inventories for estimated excess quantities and obsolescence based on differences between the cost and estimated net realizable value taking into consideration usage in the preceding 12 months, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
expected demand and any other information that is relevant to the judgment. if ultimate usage or demand varies significantly from expected usage or demand, additional writedowns may be required.
(c)   intangible assets and goodwill the company uses assumptions and estimates in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. the determination of the fair value of intangible assets, which represent a significant portion of the purchase price in many of the company's acquisitions, requires the use of significant judgment with regard to (i) the fair value; and (ii) whether such intangibles are amortizable or non-amortizable and, if the former, the period and the method by which the intangible asset will be amortized. the company estimates the fair value of acquisition-related intangible assets principally based on projections of cash flows that will arise from identifiable intangible assets of acquired businesses. the projected cash flows are discounted to determine the present value of the assets at the dates of acquisition. definite-lived intangible assets totaled $11.51 billion at december 31, 2015. the company reviews definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when indication of potential impairment exists, such as a significant reduction in cash flows associated with the assets. actual cash flows arising from a particular intangible asset could vary from projected cash flows which could imply different carrying values from those established at the dates of acquisition and which could result in impairment of such asset.
the company evaluates goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually and when events occur or circumstances change that may reduce the fair value of the asset below its carrying amount. events or circumstances that might require an interim evaluation include unexpected adverse business conditions, economic factors, unanticipated technological changes or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets totaled $18.83 billion and $1.25 billion, respectively, at december 31, 2015. estimates of future cash flows require assumptions related to revenue and operating income growth, asset-related expenditures, working capital levels and other factors. different assumptions from those made in the company's analysis could materially affect projected cash flows and the company's evaluation of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment.
projections of profitability for 2016 and thereafter and indicated fair values based on peer revenues and earnings trading multiples were sufficient to conclude that no impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets existed at the end of the tenth fiscal month of 2015, the date of the company's impairment testing. there can be no assurance, however, that an economic downturn will not materially adversely affect peer trading multiples and the company's businesses such that they do not achieve their forecasted profitability and these assets become impaired. should the fair value of the company's goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets decline because of reduced operating performance, market declines, or other indicators of impairment, or as a result of changes in the discount rate, charges for impairment may be necessary.
(d)   revenues in instances where the company sells equipment with a related installation obligation, the company generally recognizes revenue related to the equipment when title passes. the company recognizes revenue related to the installation when it performs the installation. the allocation of revenue between the equipment and the installation is based on relative selling price at the time of sale. should the relative value of either the equipment or the installation change, the company's revenue recognition would be affected.
in instances where the company sells equipment with customer-specified acceptance criteria, the company must assess whether it can demonstrate adherence to the acceptance criteria prior to the customer's acceptance testing to determine the timing of revenue recognition. if the nature of customer-specified acceptance criteria were to change or grow in complexity such that the company could not demonstrate adherence, the company would be required to defer additional revenues upon shipment of its products until completion of customer acceptance testing.
the company records reductions to revenue for estimated product returns by customers. should a greater or lesser number of products be returned, additional adjustments to revenue may be required.
(e)   income taxes in the ordinary course of business there is inherent uncertainty in quantifying the company's income tax positions. the company assesses income tax positions and records tax benefits for all years subject to examination based upon management's evaluation of the facts, circumstances and information available at the reporting date. for those tax positions where it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, the company has recorded the largest management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations critical accounting policies and estimates (continued)
amount of tax benefit with a greater than 50 percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement with a taxing authority that has full knowledge of all relevant information. for those income tax positions where it is not more likely than not that a tax benefit will be sustained, no tax benefit has been recognized in the financial statements. the company's reserve for these matters totaled $350 million at december 31, 2015. where applicable, associated interest expense has also been recognized as a component of the provision for income taxes.
the company operates in numerous countries under many legal forms and, as a result, is subject to the jurisdiction of numerous domestic and non-u.s. tax authorities, as well as to tax agreements and treaties among these governments. determination of taxable income in any jurisdiction requires the interpretation of the related tax laws and regulations and the use of estimates and assumptions regarding significant future events, such as the amount, timing and character of deductions, permissible revenue recognition methods under the tax law and the sources and character of income and tax credits. changes in tax laws, regulations, agreements and treaties, currency exchange restrictions or the company's level of operations or profitability in each taxing jurisdiction could have an impact upon the amount of current and deferred tax balances and hence the company's net income.
the company estimates the degree to which tax assets and loss carryforwards will result in a benefit, based on expected profitability by tax jurisdiction, and provides a valuation allowance for tax assets and loss carryforwards that it believes will more likely than not go unused. if it becomes more likely than not that a tax asset or loss carryforward will be used, the company reverses the related valuation allowance. any such reversals are recorded as a reduction of the company's tax provision. the company's tax valuation allowance totaled $109 million at december 31, 2015. should the company's actual future taxable income by tax jurisdiction vary from estimates, additional allowances or reversals thereof may be necessary.
the company provides a liability for future income tax payments in the worldwide tax jurisdictions in which it operates. should tax return positions that the company expects are sustainable not be sustained upon audit, the company could be required to record an incremental tax provision for such taxes. should previously unrecognized tax benefits ultimately be sustained, a reduction in the company's tax provision would result.
(f)   contingencies and litigation the company records accruals for various contingencies, including legal proceedings, environmental, workers' compensation, product, general and auto liabilities, and other claims that arise in the normal course of business. the accruals are based on management's judgment, historical claims experience, the probability of losses and, where applicable, the consideration of opinions of internal and or external legal counsel and actuarial estimates. accruals of acquired businesses, including product liability and environmental accruals, were initially recorded at fair value and discounted to their net present value. additionally, the company records receivables from third-party insurers when recovery has been determined to be probable.
(g)   pension and other retiree benefits several of the company's u.s. and non-u.s. subsidiaries sponsor defined benefit pension and other retiree benefit plans. the cost and obligations of these arrangements are calculated using many assumptions to estimate the benefits that the employee earns while working, the amount of which cannot be completely determined until the benefit payments cease. major assumptions used in the accounting for these employee benefit plans include the discount rate, expected return on plan assets and rate of increase in employee compensation levels. assumptions are determined based on company data and appropriate market indicators in consultation with third-party actuaries, and are evaluated each year as of the plans' measurement date. net periodic pension costs for the company's pension and other postretirement benefit plans totaled $29 million in 2015. the company's unfunded benefit obligation totaled $528 million at year-end 2015 compared with $540 million at year-end 2014. should any of these assumptions change, they would have an effect on net periodic pension costs and the unfunded benefit obligation. for example, a 10% decrease in the discount rate would result in an annual increase in pension and other postretirement benefit expense of approximately $2 million and an increase in the benefit obligation of approximately $102 million.
as of december 31, 2015, the company expects to contribute between $30 and $50 million to its existing defined benefit pension plans in 2016.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations
2015 compared with 2014
(in millions)                      2015                  2014                        totalchange             currencytranslation             acquisitions/divestitures              operations revenues life sciences solutions                   $4,439.4              $4,195.7                  $243.7                         $(263.8   )                            $305.9                  $201.6
sales in 2015 were $16.97 billion, an increase of $76 million from 2014. the unfavorable effects of currency translation resulted in a decrease in revenues of $938 million in 2015. sales increased $212 million due to acquisitions, principally life technologies, net of divestitures. aside from the effects of currency translation and acquisitions/divestitures, revenues increased $803 million (5%) primarily due to increased demand. sales to customers in the company's primary end markets grew. demand from customers in pharmaceutical and biotech industries was particularly strong. sales growth was moderate in north america and europe and strong in asia.
in 2015, total company operating income and operating income margin were $2.34 billion and 13.8%, respectively, compared with $2.50 billion and 14.8%, respectively, in 2014. the decrease in operating income and operating income margin was primarily due to net gains of $895 million on the sale of businesses in 2014, offset in part by $450 million of charges in 2014 associated with the february 2014 acquisition of life technologies. the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange also contributed to the decrease in profitability. these factors that reduced operating income in 2015 were offset in part by productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases and, to a lesser extent, profit on higher sales in local currencies.
in 2015, the company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $171 million, including $9 million of charges to cost of revenues for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and, to a lesser extent, accelerated depreciation at facilities closing due to real estate consolidation; $46 million of charges to selling, general and administrative expenses primarily for charges associated with product liability litigation, third-party transaction and integration costs primarily related to the acquisitions of life technologies and alfa aesar, and accelerated depreciation at facilities closing due to real estate consolidation. in addition, the company recorded $82 million of cash restructuring costs primarily for actions to achieve synergies from the life technologies acquisition and for abandoned facilities costs associated with a manufacturing facility in the u.s. the company's other businesses incurred costs for continued headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that have been or are being consolidated, including the consolidation of operations within several facilities in the u.s., europe and asia. the company also recorded charges for litigation-related matters associated with acquired businesses and impairment of acquired technology in development. these costs were partially offset by gains on the sale of a small product line and real estate (see note 14).
in 2014, the company recorded restructuring and other income, net, of $140 million, including net gains on the sale of businesses and real estate of $895 million and $15 million, respectively, offset in part by $328 million of charges to cost of revenues primarily for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition; $131 million of charges to selling, general and administrative expenses primarily for transaction costs related to the acquisition of life technologies; and $29 million of charges for pension settlements. the company incurred $268 million of cash restructuring costs primarily associated with the life technologies acquisition including cash compensation to monetize certain equity awards held by life technologies employees at the date of acquisition and severance obligations to former executives and employees of life technologies. in addition, the company's other businesses incurred costs for continued headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
have been or are being consolidated, including the consolidation of operations within several facilities in the u.s., europe and asia.
as of february 25, 2016, the company has identified restructuring actions that will result in additional charges of approximately $55 million in 2016 and expects to identify additional actions during 2016 which will be recorded when specified criteria are met, such as abandonment of leased facilities. approximately 70% of the additional charges will be incurred in the life sciences solutions segment, with the remainder incurred across the company's remaining segments. the restructuring projects for which charges were incurred in 2015 are expected to result in annual cost savings of approximately $100 million beginning in part in 2015 and, to a greater extent, in 2016, including $50 million in the life sciences solutions segment, $25 million in the analytical instruments segment, $10 million in the specialty diagnostics segment and $15 million in the laboratory products and services segment. the restructuring actions for which charges were incurred in 2014 resulted in annual cost savings of approximately $120 million beginning in part in 2014 and to a greater extent in 2015, including $80 million in the life sciences solutions segment, $10 million in the analytical instruments segment, $10 million in the specialty diagnostics segment and $20 million in the laboratory products and services segment.
segment results the company's management evaluates segment operating performance using operating income before certain charges/credits to cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses, principally associated with acquisition-related activities; restructuring and other costs/income including costs arising from facility consolidations such as severance and abandoned lease expense and gains and losses from the sale of real estate and product lines; and amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets. the company also refers to this measure as adjusted operating income. the company uses this measure because it helps management understand and evaluate the segments' core operating results and facilitate comparison of performance for determining compensation (note 3). accordingly, the following segment data is reported on this basis.
(dollars in millions)                                              2015                  2014           change revenues life sciences solutions                                        $4,439.4              $4,195.7                6   %
restructuring and other (costs) income, net                      (115.3   )             598.2
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets          (1,314.8   )          (1,331.7   )
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
income from the company's reportable segments increased 3% to $3.82 billion in 2015 due primarily to productivity improvements, net of inflationary costs increases and, to a lesser extent, profit on higher sales in local currencies, offset in part by the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange and strategic growth investments.
(dollars in millions)                2015                  2014          change revenues                         $4,439.4              $4,195.7               6   %
operating income margin              30.1   %              29.0   %      1.1 pt sales in the life sciences solutions segment increased $244 million to $4.44 billion in 2015 primarily due to the acquisition of life technologies, net of divestitures. had the acquisition of life technologies been completed at the beginning of 2013, revenues for the 2015 period would have decreased $25 million compared to pro forma 2014 revenues, including a decrease of $278 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation, offset in part by an increase of $213 million (5%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and an increase of $40 million due to other acquisitions, net of dispositions. the increase in pro forma revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for bioprocess production products as well as biosciences products.
operating income margin was 30.1% in 2015 compared to 29.0% in 2014. the increase resulted primarily from productivity improvements (including acquisition cost synergies), net of inflationary cost increases and favorable sales mix. these increases were offset in part by the unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange and, to a lesser extent, by exclusion in 2014 of january's lower margin results for life technologies. results for january commonly have a lower margin rate than results for the balance of the quarter, due to the phasing of revenue and costs.
(dollars in millions)                2015                  2014       change revenues                         $3,208.2              $3,252.2           (1   )%
operating income margin              19.1   %              17.9   %   1.2 pt sales in the analytical instruments segment decreased $44 million to $3.21 billion in 2015. sales decreased $189 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation, offset in part by increases of $141 million (4%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $4 million due to acquisitions. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for chromatography products and, to a lesser extent, sales of service offerings and increased demand for mass spectrometry instruments. these increases were offset in part by modestly lower sales of chemical analysis products due primarily to softness in certain commodity materials markets.
operating income margin was 19.1% in 2015 compared to 17.9% in 2014. the increase resulted primarily from productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases and profit on incremental sales in local currencies, offset in part by strategic growth investments and the impact of unfavorable foreign currency exchange.
(dollars in millions)                2015                  2014        change revenues                         $3,243.9              $3,343.6            (3   )%
operating income margin              26.9   %              27.4   %   -0.5 pt sales in the specialty diagnostics segment decreased $100 million to $3.24 billion in 2015. sales decreased $197 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation offset in part by $86 million (3%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $11 million due to an acquisition net of a divestiture. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for clinical diagnostics products, products sold through the segment's healthcare market management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
channel and immunodiagnostics products. these increases were offset in part by lower sales due to the expiration, in late 2014, of an oem contract following the acquisition of the customer by a competitor.
operating income margin was 26.9% in 2015 and 27.4% in 2014. the decrease resulted primarily from strategic growth investments and unfavorable foreign currency exchange, offset in part by productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases.
(dollars in millions)                2015                  2014          change revenues                         $6,661.5              $6,601.5               1   %
operating income margin              15.0   %              14.9   %      0.1 pt sales in the laboratory products and services segment increased $60 million to $6.66 billion in 2015. sales increased $465 million (7%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses. this increase was offset in part by $303 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation and $102 million due to a disposition, net of an acquisition. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for products in each of the segment's principal businesses.
operating income margin was 15.0% in 2015 and 14.9% in 2014. the increase was primarily due to productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases as well as profit on incremental sales in local currencies offset in part by unfavorable sales mix and strategic growth investments.
other expense, net the company reported other expense, net, of $400 million and $416 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively (note 4). interest expense decreased $65 million primarily due to a reduction in outstanding debt and effective interest rates. in 2015, other items, net includes losses of $12 million on the early extinguishment of debt and costs of $7.5 million associated with entering into interest rate swap arrangements. in 2014, other items, net includes net gains of $9 million on the sale of investments.
provision for income taxes the company recorded a benefit from income taxes in 2015. in 2015, the company implemented tax planning initiatives related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. these initiatives resulted in additional foreign tax credits of $111 million, offset in part by additional u.s. income taxes of $46 million on the related foreign income (net benefit of $66 million), which reduced the company's effective rate by 3.4 percentage points. the company also implemented foreign tax credit planning in sweden which resulted in $80 million of foreign tax credits, with no related incremental u.s. income tax expense. in addition, the company recorded tax benefits totaling $54 million, or 2.8 percentage points, related to additional prior year foreign tax and other credits as well as restructuring and other costs associated with the 2014 acquisition of life technologies. the tax provision in the 2015 period was favorably affected by $37 million, or 1.9 percentage points, as a result of adjustments to deferred tax balances due to changes in tax rates. the effective tax rate in both 2015 and 2014 was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization for tax purposes, the company's cash payments for income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $477 million and $586 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the company's effective tax rate was 9.2% in 2014. the 2014 provision for income taxes included $390 million related to gains on the sales of businesses. aside from the discrete tax on the gains, the company had a benefit from income taxes primarily due to restructuring and other costs associated with the acquisition of life technologies as well as an increase in the expected benefit from foreign tax credits. in 2014, non-u.s. subsidiaries of the company made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company generated u.s. foreign tax credits of $172 million, offset in part by additional u.s. income taxes of $55 million on the related foreign income. the net result of these transactions favorably affected the income tax provision by $117 million and reduced the company's effective tax rate by 5.6 percentage points in 2014. the federal tax credit for 2014 research and development activities favorably affected the tax provision in 2014 by $20 million, or 1.0 percentage point. in 2014, the company recognized a discrete tax benefit of $15 million, or 0.7 percentage points, attributable to tax rulings related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. the tax provision in the 2014 period was favorably affected by $5.5 million, or 0.3 percentage points, as a result of adjustments to deferred tax balances due to changes in tax rates.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
the company expects its effective tax rate in 2016 will be less than 3% based on currently forecasted rates of profitability in the countries in which the company conducts business and expected generation of foreign tax credits.
the company has operations and a taxable presence in approximately 50 countries outside the u.s. all of these countries except one have a lower tax rate than the u.s. the countries in which the company has a material presence that have significantly lower tax rates than the u.s. include germany, the netherlands, singapore, sweden, switzerland and the united kingdom. the company's ability to obtain a benefit from lower tax rates outside the u.s. is dependent on its relative levels of income in countries outside the u.s. and on the statutory tax rates in those countries. based on the dispersion of the company's non-u.s. income tax provision among many countries, the company believes that a change in the statutory tax rate in any individual country is not likely to materially affect the company's income tax provision or net income, aside from any resulting one-time adjustment to the company's deferred tax balances to reflect a new rate.
contingent liabilities the company is contingently liable with respect to certain legal proceedings and related matters. an unfavorable outcome that differs materially from current accrual estimates, if any, for one or more of the matters described under the headings "product liability, workers compensation and other personal injury matters" and "intellectual property matters" in note 10 could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial position as well as its results of operations and cash flows.
2014 compared with 2013
(in millions)                      2014                  2013                        totalchange         currencytranslation             acquisitions/divestitures              operations revenues life sciences solutions                   $4,195.7                $712.5                $3,483.2                       $(0.2   )                          $3,446.2                   $37.2
sales in 2014 were $16.89 billion, an increase of $3.80 billion from 2013. sales increased $3.31 billion due to acquisitions, net of divestitures. the unfavorable effects of currency translation resulted in a decrease in revenues of $60 million in 2014. aside from the effects of currency translation and acquisitions/divestitures, revenues increased $549 million (4%) primarily due to increased demand. demand from biopharma customers remained strong. sales to customers in healthcare and industrial markets grew moderately while sales to academic and government markets grew modestly in 2014. sales growth was strong in europe and moderate in north america and asia.
in 2014, total company operating income and operating income margin were $2.50 billion and 14.8%, respectively, compared with $1.61 billion and 12.3%, respectively, in 2013. the increase in operating income and operating income margin was primarily due to net gains of $895 million on the sale of businesses, inclusion of life technologies' results from the date of acquisition and, to a lesser extent, productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. these increases were offset in part by $450 million of charges associated with the acquisition, as discussed below, as well as $569 million of higher amortization expenses, also primarily related to the acquisition.
in 2014, the company recorded restructuring and other income, net, of $140 million, including net gains on the sale of businesses and real estate of $895 million and $15 million, respectively, offset in part by $328 million of charges to cost of revenues primarily for the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition; $131 million of charges to selling, general and administrative expenses primarily for transaction costs related to the acquisition of life technologies; and $29 million of charges for pension settlements. the company incurred $268 million of cash restructuring costs primarily associated with the management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
life technologies acquisition including cash compensation to monetize certain equity awards held by life technologies employees at the date of acquisition and severance obligations to former executives and employees of life technologies. in addition, the company's other businesses incurred costs for continued headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that have been or are being consolidated, including the consolidation of operations within several facilities in the u.s., europe and asia (see note 14).
in 2013, the company recorded restructuring and other costs, net, of $180 million, including $29 million of charges to cost of revenues primarily related to the sale of inventories revalued at the date of acquisition and, to a lesser extent, accelerated depreciation on manufacturing assets to be abandoned due to facility consolidations and $74 million of charges to selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consisting of transaction costs related to the acquisition of life technologies, changes in estimates of contingent consideration for an acquisition and a charge associated with product liability litigation. the company incurred $78 million of cash restructuring costs primarily for continued headcount reductions and facility consolidations in an effort to streamline operations, including severance at several businesses and abandoned facility expenses at businesses that were being consolidated. the cash costs also included $4 million of transaction expenses related to the agreement to sell its sera and media, gene modulation and magnetic beads businesses (see note 2).
the restructuring actions for which charges were incurred in 2013 resulted in annual cost savings of approximately $80 million beginning in part in 2013 and to a greater extent in 2014, including $5 million in the life sciences solutions segment, $30 million in the analytical instruments segment, $20 million in the specialty diagnostics segment and $25 million in the laboratory products and services segment.
(dollars in millions)                                              2014                  2013           change revenues life sciences solutions                                        $4,195.7                $712.5              489   %
selling, general and administrative costs, net                   (130.7   )             (73.5   )
restructuring and other income (costs), net                       598.2                 (77.7   )
amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets          (1,331.7   )            (763.1   )
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
income from the company's reportable segments increased 45% to $3.69 billion in 2014 due primarily to the acquisition of life technologies and to a lesser extent, productivity improvements, net of inflationary costs increases, offset in part by strategic growth investments.
(dollars in millions)                2014                2013           change revenues                         $4,195.7              $712.5              489   %
operating income margin              29.0   %            23.8   %        5.2pt sales in the life sciences solutions segment increased $3.48 billion to $4.20 billion in 2014 primarily due to the acquisition of life technologies, net of divestitures. had the acquisition of life technologies been completed at the beginning of 2013, pro forma revenues for the 2014 period would have decreased $38 million compared to pro forma 2013 revenues, including a decrease of $151 million due to dispositions, net of other acquisitions and a decrease of $45 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation, offset in part by an increase of $158 million (4%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses. the increase in pro forma revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for biosciences and bioprocess production products, offset in part by lower licensing revenues.
operating income margin was 29.0% in 2014 compared to 23.8% in 2013. the increase resulted primarily from higher operating margins in life technologies' businesses relative to the segment's legacy operations and, to a lesser extent, productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases.
(dollars in millions)                2014                  2013          change revenues                         $3,252.2              $3,154.2               3   %
operating income margin              17.9   %              17.7   %       0.2pt sales in the analytical instruments segment increased $98 million to $3.25 billion in 2014. sales increased $113 million (4%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $15 million due to acquisitions, offset in part by a decrease of $30 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for chromatography and mass spectrometry instruments and, to a lesser extent, environmental instruments. these increases were offset in part by modestly lower sales of chemical analysis products due primarily to softness in certain commodity markets such as minerals.
operating income margin was 17.9% in 2014 compared to 17.7% in 2013. the increase resulted primarily from productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases and, to a lesser extent, profit from favorable sales mix. the increases were offset in part by strategic growth investments.
(dollars in millions)                2014                  2013          change revenues                         $3,343.6              $3,191.7               5   %
operating income margin              27.4   %              27.1   %       0.3pt sales in the specialty diagnostics segment increased $152 million to $3.34 billion in 2014. sales increased $154 million (5%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses and $10 million due to an acquisition net of a divestiture, offset in part by a decrease of $12 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for immunodiagnostics products, products sold through the segment's healthcare market channel and, to a lesser extent, clinical diagnostics products.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations results of operations (continued)
operating income margin was 27.4% in 2014 and 27.1% in 2013. the increase resulted primarily from favorable sales mix and, to a lesser extent, productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases. these increases were offset in part by strategic growth investments.
(dollars in millions)                2014                  2013           change revenues                         $6,601.5              $6,398.8                3   %
operating income margin              14.9   %              15.0   %      (0.1)pt sales in the laboratory products and services segment increased $203 million to $6.60 billion in 2014. sales increased $312 million (5%) due to higher revenues at existing businesses. the increase was offset in part by a decrease of $93 million due to dispositions and $17 million due to the unfavorable effects of currency translation. the increase in revenue at existing businesses was primarily due to increased demand for laboratory products and, to a lesser extent, clinical trial logistics services.
operating income margin was 14.9% in 2014 and 15.0% in 2013. the decrease resulted primarily from strategic growth investments offset in part by productivity improvements, net of inflationary cost increases.
other expense, net the company reported other expense, net, of $416 million and $290 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively (note 4). interest expense increased $218 million primarily due to the debt issued and assumed in connection with the acquisition of life technologies. in 2014, the company realized net gains of $9 million from equity and available-for-sale investments. in 2013, the company recorded $74 million of charges related to amortization of fees paid to obtain bridge financing commitments related to the acquisition of life technologies. also in 2013, the company irrevocably contributed appreciated available-for-sale investments that had a fair value of $27 million to two of its u.k. defined benefit plans, resulting in realization of a previously unrecognized gain of $11 million.
provision for income taxes the company's effective tax rates were 9.2% and 3.1% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the 2014 provision for income taxes includes $390 million related to gains on the sales of businesses. aside from the discrete tax on the gains, the company had a benefit from income taxes primarily due to restructuring and other costs associated with the acquisition of life technologies as well as an increase in the expected benefit from foreign tax credits. in 2014, non-u.s. subsidiaries of the company made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company generated u.s. foreign tax credits of $172 million, offset in part by additional u.s. income taxes of $55 million on the related foreign income. the net result of these transactions favorably affected the income tax provision by $117 million and reduced the company's effective tax rate by 5.6 percentage points in 2014. the federal tax credit for 2014 research and development activities favorably affected the tax provision in 2014 by $20 million, or 1.0 percentage point. in 2014, the company recognized a discrete tax benefit of $15 million, or 0.7 percentage points, attributable to tax rulings related to non-u.s. subsidiaries. due primarily to the non-deductibility of intangible asset amortization, the company's cash payments (net of refunds) for income taxes were higher than its income tax expense for financial reporting purposes and totaled $586 million and $230 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the effective tax rate in both periods was also affected by relatively significant earnings in lower tax jurisdictions. the tax provision in the 2014 period was favorably affected by $5.5 million, or 0.3 percentage points, as a result of adjustments to deferred tax balances due to changes in tax rates.
in 2013, non-u.s. subsidiaries of the company made cash and deemed distributions to the company's u.s. operations which resulted in no net tax cost. as a result of these distributions, the company generated u.s. foreign tax credits of $160 million offset by additional u.s. income taxes of $56 million on the related foreign income. the net result of these transactions favorably affected the income tax provision by $104 million and reduced the company's effective tax rate by 7.9 percentage points in 2013. in addition, the effective tax rate in 2013 was also reduced by the u.s. congress' renewal in january 2013 of a tax credit for research and development activities for 2012 and 2013 and, to a lesser extent, financing costs associated with the acquisition of life technologies that are deductible in the u.s. the federal tax credit for 2012 and 2013 research and development activities favorably affected the tax provision in 2013 by $15 million, or 1.2 percentage points. the tax provision in the 2013 period was unfavorably affected by $5 million, or 0.4 percentage points, as a result of adjustments to deferred tax balances due to changes in tax rates and audit settlements.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources consolidated working capital was $1.59 billion at december 31, 2015, compared with $1.19 billion at december 31, 2014. included in working capital were cash and cash equivalents of $452 million at december 31, 2015 and $1.34 billion at december 31, 2014. the increase in working capital is primarily due to a decrease in current debt offset in part by lower cash balances.
cash provided by operating activities was $2.82 billion during 2015. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $149 million and $141 million, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales in local currencies. an increase in other assets used cash of $254 million primarily related to the timing of tax payments/refunds. an increase in other liabilities provided cash of $148 million primarily due to the timing of payments for income taxes and incentive compensation. cash payments for income taxes decreased to $477 million during 2015, compared with $586 million in 2014 that included taxes associated with gains on divestitures. the company made cash contributions to its pension and postretirement benefit plans totaling $38 million during 2015. payments for restructuring actions, principally severance costs and lease and other expenses of real estate consolidation, used cash of $97 million during 2015.
during 2015, the company's investing activities used $1.09 billion of cash. acquisitions used cash of $695 million. the company's investing activities also included the purchase of $423 million of property, plant and equipment. in january 2016, the company announced an agreement to acquire affymetrix for approximately $1.3 billion in cash. the transaction, which is expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter of 2016, is subject to the approval of affymetrix shareholders and the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including applicable regulatory approvals. the company expects to issue debt in advance of closing the acquisition of affymetrix to partially fund the acquisition.
the company's financing activities used $2.49 billion of cash during 2015. repayments of long-term debt totaled $3.78 billion. issuance of senior notes provided cash of $1.80 billion and an increase in commercial paper obligations provided cash of $50 million. the company's financing activities also included the repurchase of $500 million of the company's common stock and the payment of $241 million in cash dividends, offset in part by $124 million of proceeds from employee stock option exercises. on november 12, 2015, the board of directors replaced the existing repurchase authorization with a new authorization to repurchase up to $1.00 billion of the company's common stock. at december 31, 2015, $1.00 billion was available for future repurchases of the company's common stock under this authorization. in the first quarter of 2016 through february 25, 2016, the company repurchased $500 million of its common stock under this authorization.
as of december 31, 2015, the company's short-term debt totaled $1.05 billion, including $1.00 billion of senior notes, due in the next twelve months and $50 million of commercial paper obligations. the company has a revolving credit facility with a bank group that provides up to $2.00 billion of unsecured multi-currency revolving credit. if the company borrows under this facility, it intends to leave undrawn an amount equivalent to outstanding commercial paper to provide a source of funds in the event that commercial paper markets are not available. as of december 31, 2015, no borrowings were outstanding under the company's revolving credit facility, although available capacity was reduced by approximately $65 million as a result of outstanding letters of credit.
approximately half of the company's cash balances and cash flows from operations are from outside the u.s. the company uses its non-u.s. cash for needs outside of the u.s. including acquisitions and repayment of acquisition-related intercompany debt to the u.s. in addition, the company also transfers cash to the u.s. using non-taxable returns of capital as well as dividends where the related u.s. foreign tax credit equals or exceeds any tax cost arising from the dividends. as a result of using such means of transferring cash to the u.s., the company does not expect any material adverse liquidity effects from its significant non-u.s. cash balances for the foreseeable future.
the company believes that its existing cash and cash equivalents of $452 million as of december 31, 2015 and its future cash flow from operations together with available borrowing capacity under its revolving credit agreement will be sufficient to meet the cash requirements of its existing businesses for the foreseeable future, including at least the next 24 months.
cash provided by operating activities was $2.62 billion during 2014 primarily from the company's earnings. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $145 million and $110 million, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales. other assets decreased by $163 million primarily due to collection of tax refunds including those related to legacy life technologies' operations. other liabilities increased by $308 million primarily due to the timing of payments for incentive compensation and income taxes. in 2014, the company made cash payments including monetizing certain equity awards, management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources (continued)
severance obligations and transaction costs totaling $325 million related to the acquisition of life technologies. the company made cash contributions to its pension and postretirement benefit plans totaling $50 million during 2014. cash payments for income taxes totaled $586 million.
during 2014, the company's investing activities used $11.78 billion of cash, principally for the acquisition of life technologies. acquisitions used cash of $13.06 billion. proceeds from the sale of businesses provided $1.52 billion. the company's investing activities also included the purchase of $428 million of property, plant and equipment.
the company's financing activities provided $4.80 billion of cash during 2014. to partially fund the acquisition of life technologies, the company borrowed $5.00 billion under an unsecured term loan and issued 34.9 million shares of its common stock for net proceeds of $2.94 billion in cash (note 11). other long-term borrowings totaled $1.59 billion. repayments of long-term debt, principally the term loan, totaled $4.43 billion. a decrease in commercial paper obligations used cash of $250 million. the company's financing activities also included the receipt of $155 million of proceeds from employee stock option exercises offset by the payment of $235 million in cash dividends.
cash provided by operating activities was $2.01 billion during 2013, primarily from the company's earnings. increases in accounts receivable and inventories used cash of $148 million and $72 million, respectively, primarily to support growth in sales. a decrease in other assets provided cash of $169 million primarily due to timing of income tax refunds. an increase in accounts payable provided cash of $47 million, primarily due to higher inventory purchases. an increase in other liabilities provided cash of $163 million primarily due to the timing of payments for income taxes and incentive compensation. in the 2013, the company paid fees to obtain bridge financing commitments and other transaction costs totaling $108 million related to the acquisition of life technologies. the company made cash contributions to its pension and postretirement benefit plans totaling $38 million during 2013. cash payments for income taxes of continuing operations totaled $230 million. payments for restructuring actions, principally severance costs and lease and other expenses of real estate consolidation, used cash of $69 million during 2013.
during 2013, the company's primary investing activity was the purchase of $282 million of property, plant and equipment.
the company's financing activities provided $3.31 billion of cash during 2013. to partially fund the acquisition of life technologies, the company issued $3.20 billion of senior notes. the company's financing activities also included the receipt of $230 million of proceeds from employee stock option exercises offset by the repurchase of $90 million of the company's common stock and the payment of $216 million in cash dividends.
off-balance sheet arrangements the company did not use special purpose entities or other off-balance-sheet financing arrangements in 2013 - 2015 except for letters of credit, bank guarantees, residual value guarantees under two lease agreements, surety bonds and other guarantees disclosed in the table or discussed below. of the amounts disclosed in the table below for letters of credit, bank guarantees, surety bonds and other guarantees, $18 million relates to guarantees of the performance of third parties, principally in connection with businesses that were sold. the balance relates to guarantees of the company's own performance, primarily in the ordinary course of business.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources (continued)
contractual obligations and other commercial commitments the table below summarizes, by period due or expiration of commitment, the company's contractual obligations and other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2015.
payments due by period or expiration of commitment
(in millions)                                                                      2016               2017 and 2018               2019 and 2020               2021 and thereafter                   total contractual obligations and other commercial commitments debt principal, including short-term debt (a)                                  $1,050.1                    $1,850.9                    $2,411.7                          $7,088.2               $12,400.9
capital lease obligations                                                           2.9                         3.5                         3.8                               4.7                    14.9
unconditional purchase obligations (b)                                            318.3                        35.9                         4.3                               2.0                   360.5
letters of credit and bank guarantees                                             118.6                        10.7                        16.4                               1.8                   147.5
acquisition-related contingent consideration accrued on balance sheet               0.8                         1.1                           -                                 -                     1.9
(a)   amounts represent the expected cash payments for debt and do not include any deferred issuance costs.
(b)   unconditional purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods, services or fixed assets that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction. purchase obligations exclude agreements that are cancelable at any time without penalty.
(c)   obligation represents funding commitments pursuant to investments held by the company.
reserves for unrecognized tax benefits of $350 million have not been included in the above table due to the inability to predict the timing of tax audit resolutions.
the company has no material commitments for purchases of property, plant and equipment, other than those included in the above table, but expects that for 2016, such expenditures will approximate $415 to $430 million.
guarantees of residual value under lease arrangements for two facilities have not been included in the above table due to the inability to predict if and when the guarantees may require payment (see note 10). the residual value guarantees become operative at the end of the leases for up to a maximum of $111 million. the initial terms of these leases end in 2019 and 2020, although renewal options exist for each.
a guarantee of pension plan obligations of a divested business has not been included in the preceding table due to the inability to predict if and when the guarantee may require payment. the purchaser of the divested business has agreed to pay for the pension benefits, however the company was required to guarantee payment of these pension benefits should the purchaser fail to do so. the amount of the guarantee at december 31, 2015 was $41 million.
in january 2016, the company committed to acquire affymetrix for approximately $1.3 billion (see note 16).
in disposing of assets or businesses, the company often provides representations, warranties and/or indemnities to cover various risks including, for example, unknown damage to the assets, environmental risks involved in the sale of real estate, liability to investigate and remediate environmental contamination at waste facilities, and unidentified tax liabilities and related legal fees. the company does not have the ability to estimate the potential liability from such indemnities because they relate to management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations liquidity and capital resources (continued)
unknown conditions. however, the company has no reason to believe that these uncertainties would have a material adverse effect on its financial position, annual results of operations or cash flows.
the company has recorded liabilities for known indemnifications included as part of environmental liabilities. see item 1. business - environmental matters for a discussion of these liabilities.