Following the data breach, the company completed a major payment security project providing enhanced encryption of payment card data at the point of sale in all U.S. and Canadian stores and rolled out EMV chip card technology to add extra layers of protection, while establishing accruals for estimated probable losses in connection with payment card network claims and consolidated class actions that are updated as new information becomes available, thereby reflecting its risk mitigation, crisis management and recovery strategies. It maintained network security and privacy liability insurance coverage of $100 million with a $10 million deductible in fiscal 2015 (and entered into a similar policy in early 2016) to limit exposure to future breaches. In fiscal 2015, key initiatives including a customer experience initiative anchored on putting customers first, retraining store associates and deploying web-enabled handheld devices to convert online sales in-aisle and expedite checkout during peak traffic demonstrate operational flexibility and resource reconfiguration to preserve functioning under challenging conditions. The product authority initiative, driven by merchandising transformation and portfolio strategy, emphasizes product innovation, assortment and value, supported by merchandising assortment planning and pricing tools to refine product mix in response to customer preferences, reflecting adaptation and service innovation. Productivity and efficiency efforts, advanced through continuous operational improvement in stores and the supply chain, disciplined capital allocation and a multi-year “Project Sync” to reduce lead times, transportation expenses and improve inventory turns, illustrate systemic and inter-organizational collaboration to absorb strain and maintain performance despite supply-chain disruptions. The interconnecting retail focus, achieved by piloting a new commerce platform, opening dedicated fulfillment centers to reach 90 percent of U.S. customers within two business days, implementing BOSS via RDC delivery, rolling out BODFS and enhancing mobile and digital content, underscores strategic agility, operational continuity across channels and business-environment adaptation. Liquidity and capital resources management, including generating $9.4 billion of cash from operations, sustaining $2.2 billion of cash and cash equivalents, access to a $2 billion commercial paper program with a back-up credit facility and compliance with covenant requirements, reinforces financial resilience. The issuance of various senior notes, establishment of forward-starting and fair-value interest rate swaps to hedge interest‐rate exposure and maintain approximately 90 percent fixed-rate debt, and use of capital and operating leases for real estate support strategic resource deployment and risk management to ensure the maintenance of integrity and performance under both nominal and extreme conditions.