Management’s discussion and analysis highlights that the Company continues to invest in the development of its services, infrastructure and sales and marketing to drive long-term growth, increased its overall headcount to support expansion, and has aggressively invested in its direct sales force and indirect sales channels to grow market penetration. The Company offers annual subscription services with hosted data center capacity and disaster recovery services, billing customers annually in advance and providing updates and support throughout the subscription term to preserve operational continuity. It reports high renewal rates of 98%, 97% and 96% for the periods ended December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and manages upsell and renewal metrics to maintain performance under changing conditions. The general strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies had an unfavorable impact on billings and revenues, prompting ongoing evaluation of a foreign currency hedging program to mitigate currency risk. The Company expects cost of subscription revenues to increase in absolute dollar terms but at a slower rate than subscription revenue, reflecting improved economies of scale and data center density, while forecasting sales and marketing, research and development, general and administrative expenses and stock-based compensation to increase in absolute terms but remain relatively flat as a percentage of revenues as it continues to expand global operations, enhance its core platform, develop new applications, manage litigation-related legal fees and sustain headcount growth. Seasonal patterns in customer agreements and knowledge user conference revenues are monitored to adapt to market cyclicality. Liquidity planning indicates that cash and cash equivalents, investments and operating cash flow will be sufficient for at least the next 12 months to support data center expansion, lease obligations, capital expenditures and potential acquisitions, with readiness to seek additional equity or debt financing if required. Deferred commissions are capitalized and amortized over contract terms, revenue is recognized ratably over service periods, and allocations of overhead and amortization of acquired intangibles are monitored to preserve gross profit margins. Impairment testing of goodwill and intangible assets is performed annually, with no impairment charges recorded, and a full valuation allowance is maintained on U.S. deferred tax assets based on earnings history, projected outcomes and tax planning strategies. The Company has adopted ASU 2015-03, early in 2015, to simplify debt issuance cost presentation, and is evaluating the impact of forthcoming guidance including ASC 606 and ASU 2015-05 on cloud computing arrangements. These practices reflect the Company’s strategic response to environmental disruptions, proactive measures to preserve integrity and performance, and dynamic capabilities to adapt to internal and external variations.