item 1a.  risk factors risks, uncertainties and other factors that may affect future results our operating results and financial condition could be harmed if the markets into which we sell our products decline or do not grow as anticipated.
visibility into our markets is limited. our quarterly sales and operating results are highly dependent on the volume and timing of orders received during the fiscal quarter, which are difficult to forecast and may be cancelled by our customers. a large amount of our orders are back-end loaded toward the end of our second and fourth fiscal quarters and their timing may be influenced by the sales incentive programs we have in place. in addition, our revenues and earnings forecasts for future fiscal quarters are often based on the expected seasonality of our markets. however, the markets we serve do not always experience the seasonality that we expect. any decline in our customers' markets or in general economic conditions would likely result in a reduction in demand for our products and services. also, if our customers' markets decline, we may not be able to collect on outstanding amounts due to us. such declines could harm our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price, and could limit our profitability. also, in such an environment, pricing pressures could intensify. since a significant portion of our operating expenses is relatively fixed in nature due to sales, research and development and manufacturing costs, if we were unable to respond quickly enough these pricing pressures could further reduce our operating margins.
16
if we do not introduce successful new products and services in a timely manner to address increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards, our products and services will become obsolete, and our operating results will suffer.
we generally sell our products in industries that are characterized by increased competition through frequent new product and service introductions, rapid technological changes and changing industry standards. in addition, many of the markets in which we operate are seasonal. without the timely introduction of new products, services and enhancements, our products and services will become technologically obsolete over time, in which case our revenue and operating results would suffer. the success of our new products and services will depend on several factors, including our ability to:
•   properly identify customer needs and predict future needs;
•   innovate and develop new technologies, services and applications;
•   successfully commercialize new technologies in a timely manner;
•   manufacture and deliver our products in sufficient volumes and on time;
•   differentiate our offerings from our competitors' offerings;
•   price our products competitively;
•   anticipate our competitors' development of new products, services or technological innovations; and
•   control product quality in our manufacturing process.
general economic conditions may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
our business is sensitive to negative changes in general economic conditions, both inside and outside the u.s. slower global economic growth and uncertainty in the markets in which we operate may adversely impact our business resulting in:
•   reduced demand for our products, delays in the shipment of orders, or increases in order cancellations;
•   increased risk of excess and obsolete inventories;
•   increased price pressure for our products and services; and
•   greater risk of impairment to the value, and a detriment to the liquidity, of our investment portfolio.
failure to adjust our purchases due to changing market conditions or failure to estimate our customers' demand could adversely affect our income.
our income could be harmed if we are unable to adjust our purchases to reflect market fluctuations, including those caused by the seasonal nature of the markets in which we operate. the sale of our products and services are dependent, to a large degree, on customers whose industries are subject to seasonal trends in the demand for their products. during a market upturn, we may not be able to purchase sufficient supplies or components to meet increasing product demand, which could materially affect our results. in the past we have seen a shortage of parts for some of our products. in addition, some of the parts that require custom design are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. should a supplier cease manufacturing such a component, we would be forced to reengineer our product. in addition to discontinuing parts, suppliers may also extend lead times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. in order to secure components for the production of products, we may continue to enter into non-cancelable purchase commitments with vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. if demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience additional excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional charges.
demand for some of our products and services depends on capital spending policies of our customers, research and development budgets and on government funding policies.
our customers include pharmaceutical companies, laboratories, universities, healthcare providers, government agencies and public and private research institutions. fluctuations in the research and development budgets at these organizations could have a significant effect on the demand for our products and services. many factors, including public policy spending priorities, available resources, mergers and consolidation, spending priorities, institutional and governmental budgetary policies and product and economic cycles, have a significant effect on the capital spending policies of these entities. research and development budgets fluctuate due to changes in available resources, consolidation, spending priorities, general economic conditions and institutional and governmental budgetary policies. the timing and amount of revenues from customers that rely on government funding or research may vary significantly due to factors that can be difficult to forecast. these policies in turn can have a significant effect on the demand for our products and services. if demand for our products and services is adversely affected, our revenue and operating results would suffer.
17
economic, political, foreign currency and other risks associated with international sales and operations could adversely affect our results of operations.
because we sell our products worldwide, our business is subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. we anticipate that revenue from international operations will continue to represent a majority of our total revenue. international revenues and costs are subject to the risk that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results when translated into u.s. dollars for financial reporting purposes. the unfavorable effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates has decreased revenues by approximately 6 percentage points in the year ended october 31, 2015. in addition, many of our employees, contract manufacturers, suppliers, job functions and manufacturing facilities are located outside the u.s. accordingly, our future results could be harmed by a variety of factors, including:
•   interruption to transportation flows for delivery of parts to us and finished goods to our customers;
•   changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   changes in a specific country's or region's political, economic or other conditions;
•   trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;
•   negative consequences from changes in tax laws including changes to u.s. tax legislation that could materially increase our effective tax rate;
•   difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations;
•   differing labor regulations;
•   differing protection of intellectual property;
•   unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; and
•   geopolitical turmoil, including terrorism and war.
we centralized most of our accounting and tax processes to two locations: india and malaysia. these processes include general accounting, cost accounting, accounts payable, accounts receivables and tax functions. if conditions change in those countries, it may adversely affect operations, including impairing our ability to pay our suppliers and collect our receivables. our results of operations, as well as our liquidity, may be adversely affected and possible delays may occur in reporting financial results.
additionally, we must comply with complex foreign and u.s. laws and regulations, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act, and other local laws prohibiting corrupt payments to governmental officials, and anti-competition regulations. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our ability to attract and retain employees, our international operations, our business and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate our policies.
in addition, although the majority of our products are priced and paid for in u.s. dollars, a significant amount of certain types of expenses, such as payroll, utilities, tax, and marketing expenses, are paid in local currencies. our hedging programs reduce, but do not always entirely eliminate, within any given twelve month period, the impact of currency exchange rate movements, and therefore fluctuations in exchange rates, including those caused by currency controls, could impact our business operating results and financial condition by resulting in lower revenue or increased expenses. however, for expenses beyond that twelve month period, our hedging strategy does not mitigate our exposure. in addition, our currency hedging programs involve third party financial institutions as counterparties. the weakening or failure of financial institution counterparties may adversely affect our hedging programs and our financial condition through, among other things, a reduction in available counterparties, increasingly unfavorable terms, and the failure of the counterparties to perform under hedging contracts.
18
our strategic initiatives could have long-term adverse effects on our business and we may not realize the operational or financial benefits from such actions.
we have implemented multiple strategic initiatives across our businesses to adjust our cost structure, and we may engage in similar activities in the future. these strategic initiatives and our regular ongoing cost reduction activities may distract management, could slow improvements in our products and services and limit our ability to increase production quickly if demand for our products increases. in addition, delays in implementing our strategic initiatives, unexpected costs or failure to meet targeted improvements may diminish the operational and financial benefits we realize from such actions. any of the above circumstances could have an adverse effect on our business and financial statements.
our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel.
our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key research, engineering, sales, marketing, manufacturing, executive and administrative personnel. if we fail to retain and hire a sufficient number of these personnel, we will not be able to maintain or expand our business. the markets in which we operate are very dynamic, and our businesses continue to respond with reorganizations, workforce reductions and site closures. we believe our pay levels are very competitive within the regions that we operate. however, there is an intense competition for certain highly technical specialties in geographic areas where we continue to recruit, and it may become more difficult to retain our key employees.
our acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures may result in financial results that are different than expected.
in the normal course of business, we frequently engage in discussions with third parties relating to possible acquisitions, strategic alliances, joint ventures and divestitures, and generally expect to complete several transactions per year. as a result of such transactions, our financial results may differ from our own or the investment community's expectations in a given fiscal quarter, or over the long term. we may have difficulty developing, manufacturing and marketing the products of a newly acquired company in a way that enhances the performance of our combined businesses or product lines. transactions such as acquisitions have resulted, and may in the future result, in unexpected significant costs and expenses. in the future, we may be required to record charges to earnings during the period if we determine there is an impairment of goodwill or intangible assets, up to the full amount of the value of the assets. in addition, acquisitions and strategic alliances may require us to integrate a different company culture, management team and business infrastructure. depending on the size and complexity of an acquisition, our successful integration of the entity depends on a variety of factors, including introducing new products and meeting revenue targets as expected, the retention of key employees and the retention of key customers.
the integration of acquired businesses is likely to result in our systems and internal controls becoming increasingly complex and more difficult to manage. any difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses into our control system could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations.
a successful divestiture depends on various factors, including our ability to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to the purchaser, identify and separate the intellectual property to be divested from the intellectual property that we wish to keep and reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business. in addition, if customers of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, this may adversely affect our other businesses to the extent that these customers also purchase other agilent products. all of these efforts require varying levels of management resources, which may divert our attention from other business operations. if we do not realize the expected benefits or synergies of such transactions, our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows and stock price could be negatively impacted.
if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which could lead to a loss of investor confidence in our financial statements and have an adverse effect on our stock price.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable and accurate financial statements and to effectively prevent fraud. we devote significant resources and time to comply with the internal control over financial reporting requirements of the sarbanes oxley act of 2002. as further described in part ii item 9a "controls and procedures." management has concluded that, because of a material weakness in accounting for income taxes, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of october 31, 2015. the company has and will continue to enhance its controls and expects to remediate the material weakness. however, we cannot be certain that these measures will be successful or that we will be able to prevent future significant deficiencies or material weaknesses. inadequate internal controls could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on investor confidence in our financial statements, the trading price of our stock and our access to capital.
19
integrating dako a/s may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and our business and financial condition may be materially impaired.
we may not achieve the desired benefits from our acquisition and integration of dako. in addition, the operation of dako within agilent may be a difficult, costly and time-consuming process that involves a number of risks, including, but not limited to:
•   our response to significant competitive pressure;
•   difficulties in meeting new product timelines;
•   the ability to grow in emerging markets;
•   increased exposure to certain governmental regulations and compliance requirements;
•   increased costs to address certain governmental regulations and compliance issues, such as the united states food and drug administration ("fda") warning letter received in august 2013 which has now been lifted by the fda;
•   increased costs and use of resources; and
•   difficulties in the assimilation of different corporate cultures, practices and sales and distribution methodologies, as well as in the assimilation and retention of geographically dispersed, decentralized operations and personnel.
even if we are able to successfully operate dako within agilent, we may not be able to realize the revenue and other synergies and growth that we anticipated from the acquisition in the time frame that we expected, and the costs of achieving these benefits may be higher than what we expected. as a result, the dako acquisition and integration may not contribute to our earnings as expected, we may not achieve our operating margin targets when expected, or at all, and we may not achieve the other anticipated strategic and financial benefits of this transaction.
our customers and we are subject to various governmental regulations, compliance with or changes in such regulations may cause us to incur significant expenses, and if we fail to maintain satisfactory compliance with certain regulations, we may be forced to recall products and cease their manufacture and distribution, and we could be subject to civil or criminal penalties.
our customers and we are subject to various significant international, federal, state and local regulations, including but not limited to health and safety, packaging, product content, labor and import/export regulations. these regulations are complex, change frequently and have tended to become more stringent over time. we may be required to incur significant expenses to comply with these regulations or to remedy violations of these regulations. any failure by us to comply with applicable government regulations could also result in cessation of our operations or portions of our operations, product recalls or impositions of fines and restrictions on our ability to carry on or expand our operations. in addition, because many of our products are regulated or sold into regulated industries, we must comply with additional regulations in marketing our products. we develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by these regulations. any significant change in these regulations could reduce demand for our products, force us to modify our products to comply with new regulations or increase our costs of producing these products. if demand for our products is adversely affected or our costs increase, our business would suffer.
our products and operations are also often subject to the rules of industrial standards bodies, like the international standards organization, as well as regulation by other agencies such as the united states food and drug administration ("fda"). we also must comply with work safety rules. if we fail to adequately address any of these regulations, our businesses could be harmed.
we are subject to extensive regulation by the fda and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies, and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
a number of our products are subject to regulation by the fda and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. in addition, a number of our products may be in the future subject to regulation by the fda and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. these regulations govern a wide variety of product related activities, from quality management, design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. if we or any of our suppliers or distributors fail to comply with fda and other applicable regulatory requirements or are perceived to potentially have failed to comply, we may face, among other things, warning letters, adverse publicity affecting both us and our customers; investigations or notices of non-compliance, fines, injunctions, and civil penalties; import or export restrictions; partial suspensions or total shutdown of production facilities or the imposition of operating restrictions; increased difficulty in obtaining required fda clearances or approvals or foreign equivalents; seizures or recalls of our products or those of our customers; or the inability to sell our products. any such fda actions could disrupt our business and operations, lead to significant remedial costs and have a material adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations.
20
some of our products are exposed to particular complex regulations such as regulations of toxic substances and failure to comply with such regulations could harm our business.
some of our products and related consumables are used in conjunction with chemicals whose manufacture, processing, distribution and notification requirements are regulated by the u.s. environmental protection agency ("epa") under the toxic substances control act, and by regulatory bodies in other countries with similar laws. the toxic substances control act regulations govern, among other things, the testing, manufacture, processing and distribution of chemicals, the testing of regulated chemicals for their effects on human health and safety and import and export of chemicals. the toxic substances control act prohibits persons from manufacturing any chemical in the u.s. that has not been reviewed by epa for its effect on health and safety, and placed on an epa inventory of chemical substances. we must ensure conformance of the manufacturing, processing, distribution of and notification about these chemicals to these laws and adapt to regulatory requirements in all applicable countries as these requirements change. if we fail to comply with the notification, record-keeping and other requirements in the manufacture or distribution of our products, then we could be made to pay civil penalties, face criminal prosecution and, in some cases, be prohibited from distributing or marketing our products until the products or component substances are brought into compliance.
our business may suffer if we fail to comply with government contracting laws and regulations.
we derive a portion of our revenues from direct and indirect sales to u.s., state, local, and foreign governments and their respective agencies. such contracts are subject to various procurement laws and regulations, and contract provisions relating to their formation, administration and performance. failure to comply with these laws, regulations or provisions in our government contracts could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, or suspension from future government contracting. if our government contracts are terminated, if we are suspended from government work, or if our ability to compete for new contracts is adversely affected, our business could suffer.
our retirement and post retirement pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our future results of operations and cash flows.
we have significant retirement and post retirement pension plans assets and obligations. the performance of the financial markets and interest rates impact our plan expenses and funding obligations. significant decreases in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets will increase our funding obligations, and adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows.
the impact of consolidation and acquisitions of competitors is difficult to predict and may harm our business.
the life sciences industry is intensely competitive and has been subject to increasing consolidation. consolidation in our industries could result in existing competitors increasing their market share through business combinations and result in stronger competitors, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. we may not be able to compete successfully in increasingly consolidated industries and cannot predict with certainty how industry consolidation will affect our competitors or us.
if we are unable to successfully manage the consolidation and streamlining of our manufacturing operations, we may not achieve desired efficiencies and our ability to deliver products to our customers could be disrupted.
although we utilize manufacturing facilities throughout the world, we have been consolidating, and may continue to consolidate, our manufacturing operations to certain of our plants to achieve efficiencies and gross margin improvements. additionally, we typically consolidate the production of products from our acquisitions into our supply chain and manufacturing processes, which are technically complex and require expertise to operate. if we are unable to establish processes to efficiently and effectively produce high quality products in the consolidated locations, we may not achieve the anticipated synergies and production may be disrupted, which could adversely affect our business and operating results.
our operating results may suffer if our manufacturing capacity does not match the demand for our products.
because we cannot immediately adapt our production capacity and related cost structures to rapidly changing market conditions, when demand does not meet our expectations, our manufacturing capacity will likely exceed our production requirements. if, during a general market upturn or an upturn in one of our segments, we cannot increase our manufacturing capacity to meet product demand, we will not be able to fulfill orders in a timely manner which could lead to order cancellations, contract breaches or indemnification obligations. this inability could materially and adversely limit our ability to improve our
21
results. by contrast, if during an economic downturn we had excess manufacturing capacity, then our fixed costs associated with excess manufacturing capacity would adversely affect our income, margins, and operating results.
dependence on contract manufacturing and outsourcing other portions of our supply chain including logistics services, may adversely affect our ability to bring products to market and damage our reputation. dependence on outsourced information technology and other administrative functions may impair our ability to operate effectively.
as part of our efforts to streamline operations and to cut costs, we outsource aspects of our manufacturing processes and other functions and continue to evaluate additional outsourcing. if our contract manufacturers or other outsourcers fail to perform their obligations in a timely manner or at satisfactory quality levels, our ability to bring products to market and our reputation could suffer. for example, during a market upturn, our contract manufacturers may be unable to meet our demand requirements, which may preclude us from fulfilling our customers' orders on a timely basis. the ability of these manufacturers to perform is largely outside of our control. additionally, changing or replacing our contract manufacturers, logistics providers or other outsourcers could cause disruptions or delays. in addition, we outsource significant portions of our information technology ("it") and other administrative functions. since it is critical to our operations, any failure to perform on the part of our it providers could impair our ability to operate effectively. in addition to the risks outlined above, problems with manufacturing or it outsourcing could result in lower revenues, unexecuted efficiencies, and impact our results of operations and our stock price. much of our outsourcing takes place in developing countries and, as a result, may be subject to geopolitical uncertainty.
environmental contamination from past operations could subject us to unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties involved and environmental contamination caused by ongoing operations could subject us to substantial liabilities in the future.
certain properties transferred to keysight as part of the separation are undergoing remediation by hp inc. and hewlett-packard enterprise (formerly hewlett-packard company) (together "hp") for subsurface contaminations that were known at the time of our separation from hp. hp has agreed to retain the liability for this subsurface contamination, perform the required remediation and indemnify keysight with respect to claims arising out of that contamination. hp will have access to those keysight properties to perform remediation. while hp has agreed to minimize interference with on-site operations at those properties, remediation activities and subsurface contamination may require keysight to incur unreimbursed costs and could harm on-site operations and the future use and value of the properties. we cannot be sure that keysight will not seek additional reimbursement from us for that interference or unreimbursed costs. we cannot be sure that hp will continue to fulfill its indemnification or remediation obligations, in which case keysight may seek indemnification from us. in addition, the determination of the existence and cost of any additional contamination caused by us prior to the separation could involve costly and time-consuming negotiations and litigation.
other than those properties currently undergoing remediation by hp, we have agreed to indemnify hp, with respect to any liability associated with contamination from past operations, and keysight, with respect to any liability associated with contamination prior to the separation, at, respectively, properties transferred from hp to us and properties transferred by us to keysight. while we are not aware of any material liabilities associated with any potential subsurface contamination at any of those properties, subsurface contamination may exist, and we may be exposed to material liability as a result of the existence of that contamination.
our current and historical manufacturing processes involve, or have involved, the use of substances regulated under various international, federal, state and local laws governing the environment. as a result, we may become subject to liabilities for environmental contamination, and these liabilities may be substantial. while we have divested substantially all of our semiconductor related businesses to avago and advantest corporation and regardless of indemnification arrangements with those parties, we may still become subject to liabilities for historical environmental contamination related to those businesses. although our policy is to apply strict standards for environmental protection at our sites inside and outside the u.s., even if the sites outside the u.s. are not subject to regulations imposed by foreign governments, we may not be aware of all conditions that could subject us to liability.
as part of our acquisition of varian, we assumed the liabilities of varian, including varian's costs and potential liabilities for environmental matters. one such cost is our obligation, along with the obligation of varian semiconductor equipment associates, inc. ("vsea") (under the terms of a distribution agreement between varian, vsea and varian medical systems, inc. ("vms")) to each indemnify vms for one-third of certain costs (after adjusting for any insurance proceeds and tax benefits recognized or realized by vms for such costs) relating to (a) environmental investigation, monitoring and/or remediation activities at certain facilities previously operated by varian associates, inc. ("vai") and third-party claims made in connection with environmental conditions at those facilities, and (b) u.s. environmental protection agency or third-party claims alleging that vai or vms is a potentially responsible party under the comprehensive environmental response compensation and liability act of
22
1980, as amended ("cercla") in connection with certain sites to which vai allegedly shipped manufacturing waste for recycling, treatment or disposal (the "cercla sites"). with respect to the facilities formerly operated by vai, vms is overseeing the environmental investigation, monitoring and/or remediation activities, in most cases under the direction of, or in consultation with, federal, state and/or local agencies, and handling third-party claims. vms is also handling claims relating to the cercla sites. although any ultimate liability arising from environmental- related matters could result in significant expenditures that, if aggregated and assumed to occur within a single fiscal year, could be material to our financial statements, the likelihood of such occurrence is considered remote. based on information currently available and our best assessment of the ultimate amount and timing of environmental-related events, management believes that the costs of environmental-related matters are unlikely to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
regulations related to "conflict minerals" may cause us to incur additional expenses and could limit the supply and increase the cost of certain metals used in manufacturing our products.
in august 2012, the sec adopted a new rule requiring disclosures by public companies of specified minerals, known as conflict minerals, that are necessary to the functionality or production of products manufactured or contracted to be manufactured. the rule, which went into effect for calendar year 2013 and requires an annual disclosure report to be filed with the sec by may 31st of each year, requires companies to perform due diligence, disclose and report whether or not such minerals originate from the democratic republic of congo or an adjoining country. there are costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for diligence in regards to the sources of any conflict minerals used in our products, in addition to the cost of remediation and other changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. in addition, our ongoing implementation of these rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply, and pricing of materials used in our products. the rule could affect sourcing at competitive prices and availability in sufficient quantities of certain minerals used in the manufacture of our products, including tin, tantalum, gold and tungsten. the number of suppliers who provide conflict-free minerals may be limited. in addition, there may be material costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to the due diligence process of determining the source of certain minerals used in our products, as well as costs of possible changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. as our supply chain is complex and we use contract manufacturers for some of our products, we may not be able to sufficiently verify the origins of the relevant minerals used in our products through the due diligence procedures that we implement, which may harm our reputation. we may also encounter challenges to satisfy those customers who require that all of the components of our products be certified as conflict-free, which could place us at a competitive disadvantage if we are unable to do so.
third parties may claim that we are infringing their intellectual property and we could suffer significant litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products or services.
from time to time, third parties may claim that one or more of our products or services infringe their intellectual property rights. we analyze and take action in response to such claims on a case by case basis. any dispute or litigation regarding patents or other intellectual property could be costly and time-consuming due to the complexity of our technology and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation and could divert our management and key personnel from our business operations. a claim of intellectual property infringement could force us to enter into a costly or restrictive license agreement, which might not be available under acceptable terms or at all, could require us to redesign our products, which would be costly and time-consuming, and/or could subject us to significant damages or to an injunction against development and sale of certain of our products or services. our intellectual property portfolio may not be useful in asserting a counterclaim, or negotiating a license, in response to a claim of intellectual property infringement. in certain of our businesses we rely on third party intellectual property licenses and we cannot ensure that these licenses will be available to us in the future on favorable terms or at all.
third parties may infringe our intellectual property and we may suffer competitive injury or expend significant resources enforcing our rights.
our success depends in large part on our proprietary technology, including technology we obtained through acquisitions. we rely on various intellectual property rights, including patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as confidentiality provisions and licensing arrangements, to establish our proprietary rights. if we do not enforce our intellectual property rights successfully our competitive position may suffer which could harm our operating results.
our pending patent applications, and our pending copyright and trademark registration applications, may not be allowed or competitors may challenge the validity or scope of our patents, copyrights or trademarks. in addition, our patents, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property rights may not provide us a significant competitive advantage.
we may need to spend significant resources monitoring our intellectual property rights and we may or may not be able to detect infringement by third parties. our competitive position may be harmed if we cannot detect infringement and enforce our
23
intellectual property rights quickly or at all. in some circumstances, we may choose to not pursue enforcement because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for other business reasons. in addition, competitors might avoid infringement by designing around our intellectual property rights or by developing non-infringing competing technologies. intellectual property rights and our ability to enforce them may be unavailable or limited in some countries which could make it easier for competitors to capture market share and could result in lost revenues. furthermore, some of our intellectual property is licensed to others which allow them to compete with us using that intellectual property.
we are subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the internal revenue service and other tax authorities. an adverse outcome of any such audit or examination by the irs or other tax authority could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are subject to ongoing tax examinations of our tax returns by the u.s. internal revenue service and other tax authorities in various jurisdictions. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from ongoing tax examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. these assessments can require considerable estimates and judgments. intercompany transactions associated with the sale of inventory, services, intellectual property and cost share arrangements are complex and affect our tax liabilities. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in multiple jurisdictions. there can be no assurance that the outcomes from ongoing tax examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. a difference in the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties from what is currently estimated could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
if tax incentives change or cease to be in effect, our income taxes could increase significantly.
agilent benefits from tax incentives extended to its foreign subsidiaries to encourage investment or employment. several jurisdictions have granted agilent tax incentives which require renewal at various times in the future. the incentives are conditioned on achieving various thresholds of investments and employment, or specific types of income. agilent's taxes could increase if the incentives are not renewed upon expiration. if agilent cannot or does not wish to satisfy all or parts of the tax incentive conditions, we may lose the related tax incentive and could be required to refund tax incentives previously realized. as a result, our effective tax rate could be higher than it would have been had we maintained the benefits of the tax incentives.
we have substantial cash requirements in the united states while most of our cash is generated outside of the united states. the failure to maintain a level of cash sufficient to address our cash requirements in the united states could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
although the cash generated in the united states from our operations should cover our normal operating requirements and debt service requirements, a substantial amount of additional cash is required for special purposes such as the maturity of our debt obligations, our stock repurchase program, our declared dividends and acquisitions of third parties. our business operating results, financial condition, and strategic initiatives could be adversely impacted if we were unable to address our u.s. cash requirements through the efficient and timely repatriations of overseas cash or other sources of cash obtained at an acceptable cost.
we have outstanding debt and may incur other debt in the future, which could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations.
we currently have outstanding an aggregate principal amount of $1.6 billion in senior unsecured notes, and a $38 million secured mortgage. we also are party to a five-year unsecured revolving credit facility which expires in september 2019.  on june 9, 2015, we increased the commitments under the existing credit facility by $300 million so that the aggregate commitments under the facility now total $700 million and retained a provision that allows us to further increase commitments to the credit facility by $300 million in the aggregate, subject to certain conditions. we may borrow additional amounts in the future and use the proceeds from any future borrowing for general corporate purposes, other future acquisitions, expansion of our business or repurchases of our outstanding shares of common stock.
our incurrence of this debt, and increases in our aggregate levels of debt, may adversely affect our operating results and financial condition by, among other things:
•   increasing our vulnerability to downturns in our business, to competitive pressures and to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   requiring the dedication of an increased portion of our expected cash from operations to service our indebtedness, thereby reducing the amount of expected cash flow available for other purposes, including capital expenditures, acquisitions stock repurchases and dividends; and
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry.
24
our current revolving credit facility imposes restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to create liens on our assets and the ability of our subsidiaries to incur indebtedness, and requires us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. our ability to comply with these ratios may be affected by events beyond our control. in addition, the indenture governing our senior notes contains covenants that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. if we breach any of the covenants and do not obtain a waiver from the lenders, then, subject to applicable cure periods, our outstanding indebtedness could be declared immediately due and payable.
if we suffer a loss to our factories, facilities or distribution system due to catastrophe, our operations could be seriously harmed.
our factories, facilities and distribution system are subject to catastrophic loss due to fire, flood, terrorism or other natural or man-made disasters. in particular, several of our facilities could be subject to a catastrophic loss caused by earthquake due to their locations. our production facilities, headquarters and agilent technologies laboratories in california, and our production facilities in japan, are all located in areas with above-average seismic activity. if any of these facilities were to experience a catastrophic loss, it could disrupt our operations, delay production, shipments and revenue and result in large expenses to repair or replace the facility. if such a disruption were to occur, we could breach agreements, our reputation could be harmed, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected. in addition, since we have consolidated our manufacturing facilities, we are more likely to experience an interruption to our operations in the event of a catastrophe in any one location. although we carry insurance for property damage and business interruption, we do not carry insurance or financial reserves for interruptions or potential losses arising from earthquakes or terrorism. also, our third party insurance coverage will vary from time to time in both type and amount depending on availability, cost and our decisions with respect to risk retention. economic conditions and uncertainties in global markets may adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we are able to obtain third party insurance. if our third party insurance coverage is adversely affected, or to the extent we have elected to self-insure, we may be at a greater risk that our operations will be harmed by a catastrophic loss.
if we experience a significant disruption in, or breach in security of, our information technology systems, or if we fail to implement new systems and software successfully, our business could be adversely affected.
we rely on several centralized information technology systems throughout our company to provide products and services, keep financial records, process orders, manage inventory, process shipments to customers and operate other critical functions. our information technology systems may be susceptible to damage, disruptions or shutdowns due to power outages, hardware failures, computer viruses, attacks by computer hackers, telecommunication failures, user errors, catastrophes or other unforeseen events. our information technology systems also may experience interruptions, delays or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with system integration, software upgrades or system migration work that takes place from time to time. if we were to experience a prolonged system disruption in the information technology systems that involve our interactions with customers or suppliers, it could result in the loss of sales and customers and significant incremental costs, which could adversely affect our business. in addition, security breaches of our information technology systems could result in the misappropriation or unauthorized disclosure of confidential information belonging to us or to our employees, partners, customers or suppliers, which could result in our suffering significant financial or reputational damage.
adverse conditions in the global banking industry and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our cash investments or impair our liquidity.
as of october 31 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $2.0 billion invested or held in a mix of money market funds, time deposit accounts and bank demand deposit accounts. disruptions in the financial markets may, in some cases, result in an inability to access assets such as money market funds that traditionally have been viewed as highly liquid. any failure of our counterparty financial institutions or funds in which we have invested may adversely impact our cash and cash equivalent positions and, in turn, our results and financial condition.
we could incur significant liability if the distribution of keysight common stock to our shareholders is determined to be a taxable transaction.
we have received an opinion from outside tax counsel to the effect that the separation and distribution of keysight qualifies as a transaction that is described in sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(d) of the internal revenue code. the opinion relies on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from keysight and us regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses and other matters. if any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are incorrect or not satisfied, our shareholders and we may not be able to rely on the opinion of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. notwithstanding the opinion of tax counsel we have received, the irs could determine on audit that the separation is
25
taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinion. if the separation is determined to be taxable for u.s. federal income tax purposes, our shareholders that are subject to u.s. federal income tax and we could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities.
we may be exposed to claims and liabilities as a result of the separation with keysight.
we entered into a separation and distribution agreement and various other agreements with keysight to govern the separation and the relationship of the two companies going forward. these agreements provide for specific indemnity and liability obligations and could lead to disputes between us. the indemnity rights we have against keysight under the agreements may not be sufficient to protect us. in addition, our indemnity obligations to keysight may be significant and these risks could negatively affect our financial condition.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. this report contains forward-looking statements including, without limitation, statements regarding trends, seasonality and growth in, and drivers of, the markets we sell into, our strategic direction, our future effective tax rate and tax valuation allowance, earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, lease and site service income from keysight, the impact of foreign currency movements on our performance, remediation activities, indemnification, new product and service introductions, the ability of our products to meet market needs, adoption of our products, changes to our manufacturing processes, the use of contract manufacturers and out sourcing, source and supply of materials used in our products, the impact of local government regulations on our ability to pay vendors or conduct operations, our liquidity position, our ability to generate cash from operations, growth in our businesses, our investments, the potential impact of adopting new accounting pronouncements, our financial results, our operating margin, our sales, our purchase commitments, our capital expenditures, our contributions to our pension plans, our strategic initiatives, our cost-control activities, timing of completion of our restructuring programs, timing of savings and headcount reduction recognized from our restructuring programs and other cost saving initiatives, continuation of service support to the nmr installed base, uncertainties relating to food and drug administration ("fda") and other regulatory approvals, the integration of our acquisitions and other transactions, impairment of goodwill and other intangible assets, remediation of our material weakness, our stock repurchase program, our declared dividends, our transition to lower-cost regions, and the existence of economic instability, that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results could differ materially from the results contemplated by these forward-looking statements due to various factors, including those discussed in item 1a and elsewhere in this form 10-k.
overview and executive summary agilent technologies inc. ("we", "agilent" or the "company"), incorporated in delaware in may 1999, is a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied chemical markets, providing application focused solutions that includes instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow.
on november 1, 2014, we completed the distribution of 100% of the outstanding common shares of keysight technologies, inc. ("keysight") to agilent stockholders who received one share of keysight common stock for every two shares of agilent held as of the close of business on the record date, october 22, 2014. the historical results of operations and the financial position of keysight are included in the consolidated financial statements of agilent and are reported as discontinued operations within this form 10-k. for additional information see note 4, "discontinued operations".
the results from operations presented within management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are reported for the continuing operations of agilent. income taxes are presented on a revised basis for prior periods see note 2, " revision of prior period financial statements".
in november 2014, we announced a change in organizational structure designed to better serve our customers. our life sciences business, excluding the nucleic acid solutions division, together with the chemical analysis business combined to form a new segment called life sciences and applied markets business. our diagnostics and genomics businesses combined with the nucleic acid solutions division from our life sciences business and became the diagnostics and genomics segment. finally, the agilent crosslab segment was formed from the services and consumables businesses previously part of the life sciences and chemical analysis businesses. financial reporting under this new structure is included within this report on form 10-k and historical financial segment information has been recast to conform to this new presentation within our financial statements.
on april 30, 2015 we announced that we have completed an agreement with rigaku, a privately held scientific instrumentation company headquartered in tokyo, to acquire agilent's x-ray diffraction (xrd) business, a key manufacturer of single-crystal x-ray instruments for the global chemical crystallography market. the transaction did not have a material impact to our results of operations, statement of financial position or statement of cash flows in the current or prior fiscal periods.
on may 19, 2015 we announced that we have completed the acquisition of 100% of the shares of cartagenia, a leading provider of software and services for clinical genetics and molecular pathology laboratories for €60 million. cartagenia, provides software solutions for variant assessment and reporting of clinical genomics data from next-generation sequencing and microarrays. the cartagenia bench platform enables technicians, laboratory directors and clinicians to visualize, assess and report clinical genetics data in the context of patient information.
on november 2, 2015 we announced that we have completed the acquisition of seahorse bioscience ("seahorse"), a leader in providing instruments and assay kits for measuring cell metabolism and bioengergetics for $242 million in cash. seahorse's
30
technology enables researchers to better understand cell health, function and signaling, and how the cell may be impacted by the introduction of a specific drug, by providing real-time kinetics to unlock essential cellular bioenergetics data. the financial results of seahorse will be included within agilent's from the beginning of the first quarter of 2016.
agilent's net revenue of $4,038 million in 2015 was flat when compared to 2014. foreign currency movements for 2015 had an unfavorable impact of approximately 6 percentage points compared to 2014. agilent's net revenue of $4,048 million increased 4 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013.
the life sciences and applied markets business brings together agilent's analytical laboratory instrumentation and informatics. revenue decreased 2 percent in 2015 when compared to 2014. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 5 percentage points in 2015 when compared to 2014. in addition, an unfavorable impact on revenue of approximately 2 percentage point in 2015 was largely due to the nmr business which we are exiting. for the year ended october 31, 2015 and excluding the impact of currency movements and the nmr business, our performance within the life sciences business showed consistent revenue growth from sales to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology market partially offset by a decrease in the revenue generated from sales to the life sciences research market. within applied markets and excluding the impact of currency movements and the nmr business, there was weakness in the chemical and energy markets in the year ended october 31, 2015 when compared to the prior year. revenue from sales to the life sciences and applied markets business increased 2 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013. for the year ended october 31, 2014 our performance within the life sciences business improved with sales to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology market partially offset by a decrease in the revenue generated from the life sciences research market when compared to the prior year. within applied markets there was revenue growth from sales to all markets in the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to the prior year.
the diagnostics and genomics business is comprised of three areas of activity. first, we are focused on pathology, companion diagnostics and reagent partnerships. second, the genomics business includes our arrays, ngs target enrichment and our other genomics solutions. third, the nucleic acid solutions business manufactures synthetic rna to be potentially used as active pharmaceutical ingredients. revenue was flat in 2015 when compared to 2014. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 8 percentage points in 2015 when compared to 2014. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, growth in revenue from sales to the diagnostics and clinical research market was strong in the year ended october 31, 2015 when compared to the prior year. revenue increased 5 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013. for the year ended october 31, 2014 our performance within the diagnostics and genomics business improved from sales to the diagnostics and clinical markets when compared to the prior year.
the agilent crosslab business combines our analytical laboratory services and consumables business. revenue increased 2 percent in 2015 when compared to 2014. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 7 percentage points in 2015 when compared to 2014. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements there was growth in sales to all key end markets, in particular, the pharmaceutical and biotechnology market in the year ended october 31, 2015 when compared to last year. within the applied markets revenue in chemical and energy end markets were slower but still reported growth when adjusted for currency movements. revenue increased 7 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013. revenue growth from sales to all markets was similar to that of our life sciences and applied markets business in the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to last year.
net income from continuing operations was $438 million in 2015 compared to net income from continuing operations of $232 million and $225 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. as of october 31, 2015 and 2014 we had cash and cash equivalents balances of $2,003 million and $2,218 million, respectively.
on november 22, 2013 we announced that our board of directors had authorized a share repurchase program. the existing program is designed to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs to target maintaining a weighted average share count of approximately 335 million diluted shares. for the years ended october 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 we repurchased 6 million shares for $267 million, 4 million shares for $200 million and 20 million shares for $900 million, respectively. all such shares and related costs are held as treasury stock and accounted for using the cost method. on may 28, 2015 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2015 repurchase program"). the 2015 share repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $1.14 billion of our common stock through and including november 1, 2018. the 2015 share repurchase program will commence, at the option of the company, on either november 1, 2015, or the date on which we complete the purchase of the remaining $98 million for a total of $365 million of common stock in fiscal 2015 under the existing stock repurchase program. upon commencement, the 2015 share repurchase program replaces our existing stock repurchase program, which authorized the repurchase of shares to reduce or
31
eliminate share dilution from equity programs. the 2015 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
for the years ended october 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 cash dividends of $133 million, $176 million and $156 million were paid on the company's outstanding common stock, respectively. on november 19, 2015, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share of common stock, or approximately $38 million which will be paid on january 27, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 5, 2016. the timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors.
in 2015 we introduced an improvement initiative to transform a number of the company's operations. these actions produced savings of approximately $40 million in total in 2015.
looking forward, we expect to focus on organic growth and expand the operating margin of our businesses. in addition, we anticipate returning a significant proportion of our cash flow to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase programs. the unfavorable effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates has decreased revenue by approximately 6 percentage points for the year ended october 31, 2015. costs and expenses, incurred in local currency, were subject to the favorable effects due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates reducing our overall net exposure. the impact of foreign currency exchange rates movements can be positive or negative in any period and is calculated by applying the prior period foreign currency exchange rates to the current year period. we anticipate that changes in foreign currency exchange rates will continue to have an unfavorable impact on our performance for the near future.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. management bases its estimates on historical experience and various other assumptions believed to be reasonable. although these estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events and actions that may impact the company in the future, actual results may be different from the estimates. an accounting policy is deemed to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used or changes in the accounting estimate that are reasonably likely to occur could materially change the financial statements. our critical accounting policies are those that affect our financial statements materially and involve difficult, subjective or complex judgments by management. those policies are revenue recognition, inventory valuation, share-based compensation, retirement and post-retirement plan assumptions, valuation of goodwill and purchased intangible assets, restructuring and accounting for income taxes.
revenue recognition.    we enter into agreements to sell products (hardware or software), services, and other arrangements (multiple element arrangements) that include combinations of products and services. revenue from product sales, net of trade discounts and allowances, is recognized provided that persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, the price is fixed or determinable, and collectability is reasonably assured. delivery is considered to have occurred when title and risk of loss have transferred to the customer. revenue is reduced for estimated product returns, when appropriate. for sales that include customer-specified acceptance criteria, revenue is recognized after the acceptance criteria have been met. for products that include installation, if the installation meets the criteria to be considered a separate element, product revenue is recognized upon delivery, and recognition of installation revenue occurs when the installation is complete. otherwise, neither the product nor the installation revenue is recognized until the installation is complete. revenue from services is deferred and recognized over the contractual period or as services are rendered and accepted by the customer. we allocate revenue to each element in our multiple-element arrangements based upon their relative selling prices. we determine the selling price for each deliverable based on a selling price hierarchy. the selling price for a deliverable is based on our vendor specific objective evidence (vsoe) if available, third-party evidence (tpe) if vsoe is not available, or estimated selling price (esp) if neither vsoe nor tpe is available. revenue from the sale of software products that are not required to deliver the tangible product's essential functionality are accounted for under software revenue recognition rules. revenue allocated to each element is then recognized when the basic revenue recognition criteria for that element have been met. the amount of product revenue recognized is affected by our judgments as to whether an arrangement includes multiple elements.
we use vsoe of selling price in the selling price allocation in all instances where it exists. vsoe of selling price for products and services is determined when a substantial majority of the selling prices fall within a reasonable range when sold separately. tpe of selling price can be established by evaluating largely interchangeable competitor products or services in standalone sales to similarly situated customers. as our products contain a significant element of proprietary technology and the solution offered differs substantially from that of competitors, it is difficult to obtain the reliable standalone competitive pricing
32
necessary to establish tpe. esp represents the best estimate of the price at which we would transact a sale if the product or service were sold on a standalone basis. we determine esp for a product or service by using historical selling prices which reflect multiple factors including, but not limited to customer type, geography, market conditions, competitive landscape, gross margin objectives and pricing practices. the determination of esp is made through consultation with and approval by management. we may modify or develop new pricing practices and strategies in the future. as these pricing strategies evolve changes may occur in esp. the aforementioned factors may result in a different allocation of revenue to the deliverables in multiple element arrangements, which may change the pattern and timing of revenue recognition for these elements but will not change the total revenue recognized for the arrangement.
inventory valuation.    we assess the valuation of our inventory on a periodic basis and make adjustments to the value for estimated excess and obsolete inventory based upon estimates about future demand and actual usage. such estimates are difficult to make under most economic conditions. the excess balance determined by this analysis becomes the basis for our excess inventory charge. our excess inventory review process includes analysis of sales forecasts, managing product rollovers and working with manufacturing to maximize recovery of excess inventory. if actual market conditions are less favorable than those projected by management, additional write-downs may be required. if actual market conditions are more favorable than anticipated, inventory previously written down may be sold to customers, resulting in lower cost of sales and higher income from operations than expected in that period. in the fourth quarter of 2014, agilent announced it is exiting the nmr business, and as a result, recorded an excess inventory charge of $30 million. for the year ended october 31, 2015 additional excess inventory charges were recorded in respect of the exiting of the nmr business of $4 million.
share-based compensation.    we account for share-based awards in accordance with the authoritative guidance. under the authoritative guidance, share-based compensation expense is primarily based on estimated grant date fair value and is recognized on a straight line basis. the fair value of share-based awards for employee stock option awards was estimated using the black-scholes option pricing model. shares granted under the long-term performance program ("ltpp") were valued using the monte carlo simulation model. the estimated fair value of restricted stock unit awards is determined based on the market price of agilent's common stock on the date of grant adjusted for expected dividend yield. the employee stock purchase plan ("espp") allows eligible employees to purchase shares of our common stock at 85 percent of the fair market value at the purchase date.
both the black-scholes and monte carlo simulation fair value models require the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions, including the option's expected life and the price volatility of the underlying stock. due to the separation of keysight on november 1, 2014, expected volatility for grants of options in 2015 was based on a 5.5 year average historical stock price volatility of a group of our peer companies. we believe our historical volatility prior to the separation of keysight is no longer relevant.   for the grants of options prior to november 1, 2014, the expected stock price volatility assumption was determined using the historical volatility of agilent's stock options over the most recent historical period equivalent to the expected life of 5.8 years. a 10 percent increase in our historical estimated volatility from 28 percent to 38 percent for our most recent employee stock option grant would generally increase the value of an award and the associated compensation cost by approximately 31 percent if no other factors were changed.
for the grants awarded under the 2009 stock plan after november 1, 2010, we increased the period available to retirement eligible employees to exercise their options from three years at retirement date to the full contractual term of ten years. in developing our estimated life of our employee stock options of 5.8 years for 2013 to 2014, we considered the historical option exercise behavior of our executive employees who were granted the majority of the options in the annual grants, which we believe is representative of future behavior. see note 5, "share-based compensation," to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
the assumptions used in calculating the fair value of share-based awards represent our best estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management judgment. although we believe the assumptions and estimates we have made are reasonable and appropriate, changes in assumptions could materially impact our reported financial results.
retirement and post-retirement benefit plan assumptions.    retirement and post-retirement benefit plan costs are a significant cost of doing business. they represent obligations that will ultimately be settled sometime in the future and therefore are subject to estimation. pension accounting is intended to reflect the recognition of future benefit costs over the employees' average expected future service to agilent based on the terms of the plans and investment and funding decisions. to estimate the impact of these future payments and our decisions concerning funding of these obligations, we are required to make assumptions using actuarial concepts within the framework of accounting principles generally accepted in the u.s. two critical assumptions are the discount rate and the expected long-term return on plan assets. other important assumptions include, expected future salary increases, expected future increases to benefit payments, expected retirement dates, employee turnover, retiree mortality rates, and portfolio composition. we evaluate these assumptions at least annually.
the discount rate is used to determine the present value of future benefit payments at the measurement date - october 31
33
for both u.s. and non-u.s. plans. for 2014 and 2015, the u.s. discount rates were based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio. in 2015, discount rates for the u.s. plans remained relatively flat from the previous year. for 2015 and 2014, the discount rate for non-u.s. plans was generally based on published rates for high quality corporate bonds and in 2015, remained the same or decreased from the previous year. if we changed our discount rate by 1 percent, the impact would be $5 million on u.s. pension expense and $12 million on non-u.s. pension expense. lower discount rates increase present values and subsequent year pension expense; higher discount rates decrease present values and subsequent year pension expense.
the company uses alternate methods of amortization as allowed by the authoritative guidance which amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. for u.s. plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future working lifetime. for most non-u.s. plans and u.s. post-retirement benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses. the expected long-term return on plan assets is estimated using current and expected asset allocations as well as historical and expected returns. plan assets are valued at fair value. if we changed our estimated return on assets by 1 percent, the impact would be $3 million on u.s. pension expense and $8 million on non-u.s. pension expense. for 2015, actual return on assets was below expectations which, along with contributions during the year, increased next year's pension cost as well as resulting in a degradation of the funded status at year end. the net periodic pension and post-retirement benefit costs recorded in continuing operations were $26 million in 2015, $15 million in 2014, and $36 million in 2013.
goodwill and purchased intangible assets. under the authoritative guidance we have the option to perform a qualitative assessment to determine whether further impairment testing is necessary. the accounting standard gives an entity the option to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether performing the two-step test is necessary. if an entity believes, as a result of its qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not (i.e. greater than 50% chance) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the quantitative impairment test will be required. otherwise, no further testing will be required.
the guidance includes examples of events and circumstances that might indicate that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount. these include macro-economic conditions such as deterioration in the entity's operating environment or industry or market considerations; entity-specific events such as increasing costs, declining financial performance, or loss of key personnel; or other events such as an expectation that a reporting unit will be sold or a sustained decrease in the stock price on either an absolute basis or relative to peers.
if it is determined, as a result of the qualitative assessment, that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the provisions of authoritative guidance require that we perform a two-step impairment test on goodwill. in the first step, we compare the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value. the second step (if necessary) measures the amount of impairment by applying fair-value-based tests to the individual assets and liabilities within each reporting unit. as defined in the authoritative guidance, a reporting unit is an operating segment, or one level below an operating segment. we aggregate components of an operating segment that have similar economic characteristics into our reporting units.
in fiscal year 2015, we assessed goodwill impairment for our three reporting units which consisted of three segments: life sciences and applied markets, diagnostics and genomics and agilent crosslab. due to the new segment structure in november 2014 we performed a quantitative test for goodwill impairment of the three reporting units, as of september 30, 2015. based on the results of our testing, the fair value of these reporting units are greater than their respective carrying values. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if goodwill impairment is indicated. there was no impairment of goodwill during the years ended october 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
purchased intangible assets consist primarily of acquired developed technologies, proprietary know-how, trademarks, and customer relationships and are amortized using the best estimate of the asset's useful life that reflect the pattern in which the economic benefits are consumed or used up or a straight-line method ranging from 6 months to 15 years. in-process research and development ("ipr&d") is initially capitalized at fair value as an intangible asset with an indefinite life and assessed for impairment thereafter. when the ipr&d project is complete, it is reclassified as an amortizable purchased intangible asset and is amortized over its estimated useful life. if an ipr&d project is abandoned, agilent will record a charge for the value of the related intangible asset to agilent's condensed consolidated statement of operations in the period it is abandoned.
agilent's indefinite-lived intangible assets are ipr&d intangible assets. the accounting guidance allows a qualitative approach for testing indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, similar to the issued impairment testing guidance for goodwill and allows the option to first assess qualitative factors (events and circumstances) that could have affected the significant inputs used in determining the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to determine whether it is more-likely-than-not (i.e. greater than 50% chance) that the indefinite-lived intangible asset is impaired. an organization may choose to bypass the qualitative assessment for any indefinite-lived intangible asset in any period and proceed directly to calculating its fair value. we performed a qualitative test for impairment of indefinite-lived intangible assets as of september 30, 2015. based on the results of our qualitative
34
testing, we believe that it is more-likely-than-not that the fair value of these indefinite-lived intangible assets is greater than their respective carrying values. each quarter we review the events and circumstances to determine if impairment of indefinite-lived intangible asset is indicated. in the years ended october 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recorded an impairment of $3 million, $4 million and zero, respectively due to the cancellation of certain ipr&d projects. in addition, in the year ended october 31, 2014, we also recorded $12 million of impairment of other intangibles due to the exit of our nmr business.
restructuring and exit of nmr business. during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014, we made the decision to cease the manufacture and sale of our nuclear magnetic resonance ("nmr") product line within our life sciences and applied markets segment.
the main components of expenses are related to workforce reductions, assets impairments and write-downs and special charges to inventory, which mainly relates to exiting of one of our businesses. workforce reduction charges are accrued when payment of benefits that the employees are entitled to becomes probable and the amounts can be estimated. we have also assessed the recoverability of our long-lived assets, by determining whether the carrying value of such assets will be recovered through undiscounted future cash flows. asset impairments primarily consist of property, plant and equipment and are based on an estimate of the amounts and timing of future cash flows related to the expected future remaining use and ultimate sale or disposal of buildings and equipment net of costs to sell. the charges related to inventory include estimated future inventory disposal payments that we are contractually obliged to make to our suppliers and inventory written-down to net realizable value. if the amounts and timing of cash flows from restructuring activities are significantly different from what we have estimated, the actual amount of restructuring and asset impairment charges could be materially different, either higher or lower, than those we have recorded.
accounting for income taxes. we must make certain estimates and judgments in determining income tax expense for financial statement purposes. these estimates and judgments occur in the calculation of tax credits, benefits and deductions, and in the calculation of certain tax assets and liabilities which arise from differences in the timing of recognition of revenue and expense for tax and financial statement purposes, as well as interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions. significant changes to these estimates may result in an increase or decrease to our tax provision in a subsequent period.
significant management judgment is also required in determining whether deferred tax assets will be realized in full or in part. when it is more-likely-than-not that all or some portion of specific deferred tax assets such as net operating losses or foreign tax credit carryforwards will not be realized, a valuation allowance must be established for the amount of the deferred tax assets that cannot be realized. we consider all available positive and negative evidence on a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction basis when assessing whether it is more likely than not that deferred tax assets are recoverable. we consider evidence such as our past operating results, the existence of losses in recent years and our forecast of future taxable income. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2012 we released the valuation allowance for the majority of our u.s. deferred tax assets. at october 31, 2015, we continue to recognize a valuation allowance for certain u.s. state and foreign deferred tax assets. we intend to maintain a valuation allowance in these jurisdictions until sufficient positive evidence exists to support its reversal.
we have not provided for all u.s. federal income and foreign withholding taxes on the undistributed earnings of some of our foreign subsidiaries because we intend to reinvest such earnings indefinitely. should we decide to remit this income to the u.s. in a future period, our provision for income taxes will increase materially in that period.
the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax law and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions. although the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes prescribes the use of a recognition and measurement model, the determination of whether an uncertain tax position has met those thresholds will continue to require significant judgment by management. in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. the ultimate resolution of tax uncertainties may differ from what is currently estimated, which could result in a material impact on income tax expense. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations.
as a part of our accounting for business combinations, intangible assets are recognized at fair values and goodwill is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net estimated fair values of assets acquired. impairment charges associated with goodwill are generally not tax deductible and will result in an increased effective income tax rate in the period that any impairment is recorded. amortization expenses associated with acquired intangible assets are generally not tax deductible and therefore deferred tax liabilities have been recorded for non-deductible amortization expenses as a part of the accounting for business combinations.
35
adoption of new pronouncements see note 3, "new accounting pronouncements," to the consolidated financial statements for a description of new accounting pronouncements.
exit of nmr business during the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2014, we made the decision to cease the manufacture and sale of our nuclear magnetic resonance ("nmr") product line within our life sciences and applied markets segment. the exit of the nmr business was primarily due to the lack of growth and profitability of the product line. these actions involved severance and other personnel costs related to the workforce reduction of approximately 300 employees primarily located in the united kingdom and california and non-cash charges related to intangible asset impairments and other asset write-downs including inventory. after including employee reductions due to attrition and the application to open positions and acceptance of employment within the company of some employees previously affected, we have approximately 30 employees that are pending termination under the above actions as of october 31, 2015. we expect to complete these restructuring activities by early fiscal 2016. for the year ended october 31, 2015, the exit of the nmr business has positively impacted our operating profit by $15 million. as of october 31, 2015, approximately $15 million was paid to date under these restructuring activities. we will continue to provide service support to the nmr installed base.
foreign currency our revenues, costs and expenses, and monetary assets and liabilities are exposed to changes in foreign currency exchange rates as a result of our global operating and financing activities. the unfavorable effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates has decreased revenue by approximately 6 percentage points for the year ended october 31, 2015. costs and expenses, incurred in local currency, were subject to the favorable effects due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates for the year ended october 31, 2015, reducing our overall net exposure. the impact of foreign currency exchange rates movements can be positive or negative in any period and is calculated by applying the prior period foreign currency exchange rates to the current year period. we hedge revenues, expenses and balance sheet exposures that are not denominated in the functional currencies of our subsidiaries on a short term and anticipated basis. we do experience some fluctuations within individual lines of the condensed consolidated statement of operations and balance sheet because our hedging program is not designed to offset the currency movements in each category of revenues, expenses, monetary assets and liabilities. our hedging program is designed to hedge currency movements on a relatively short-term basis (up to a rolling twelve month period). therefore, we are exposed to currency fluctuations over the longer term. to the extent that we are required to pay for all, or portions, of an acquisition price in foreign currencies, agilent may enter into foreign exchange contracts to reduce the risk that currency movements will impact the u.s. dollar cost of the transaction.
results from operations net revenue years ended october 31,   2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
% change         % change
2015                                  2014                  2013
(in millions)
net revenue:
products                $3,146                $3,185                $3,083                  (1)%               3%
services and other        $892                  $863                  $811                    4%               6%
total net revenue       $4,038                $4,048                $3,894                     -               4%
years ended october 31,   2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
ppts change   ppts change
2015                                         2014           2013
% of total net revenue:
products                   78   %         79    %        79    %          (1) ppt   -
services and other         22   %         21    %        21    %            1 ppt   -
total                     100   %        100    %       100    %
36
agilent's net revenue of $4,038 million in 2015 was flat when compared to 2014. foreign currency movements for 2015 had an unfavorable impact of approximately 6 percentage points compared to 2014. agilent's net revenue of $4,048 million increased 4 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013.
the life sciences and applied markets business brings together agilent's analytical laboratory instrumentation and informatics. revenue decreased 2 percent in 2015 when compared to 2014. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 5 percentage points in 2015 when compared to 2014. in addition, an unfavorable impact on revenue of approximately 2 percentage point in 2015 was largely due to the nmr business which we are exiting. for the year ended october 31, 2015 and excluding the impact of currency movements and the nmr business, our performance within the life sciences business showed consistent revenue growth from sales to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology market partially offset by a decrease in the revenue generated from sales to the life sciences research market. within applied markets and excluding the impact of currency movements and the nmr business, there was weakness in the chemical and energy markets in the year ended october 31, 2015 when compared to the prior year. revenue from sales to the life sciences and applied markets business increased 2 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013. for the year ended october 31, 2014 our performance within the life sciences business improved with sales to the pharmaceutical and biotechnology market partially offset by a decrease in the revenue generated from the life sciences research market when compared to the prior year. within applied markets there was revenue growth from sales to all markets in the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to the prior year.
the diagnostics and genomics business is comprised of three areas of activity. first, we are focused on pathology, companion diagnostics and reagent partnerships. second, the genomics business includes our arrays, ngs target enrichment and our other genomics solutions. third, the nucleic acid solutions business manufactures synthetic rna to be potentially used as active pharmaceutical ingredients. revenue was flat in 2015 when compared to 2014. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 8 percentage points in 2015 when compared to 2014. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements, growth in revenue from sales to the diagnostics and clinical research market was strong in the year ended october 31, 2015 when compared to the prior year. revenue increased 5 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013. for the year ended october 31, 2014 our performance within the diagnostics and genomics business improved from sales to the diagnostics and clinical markets when compared to the prior year.
the agilent crosslab business combines our analytical laboratory services and consumables business. revenue increased 2 percent in 2015 when compared to 2014. foreign currency movements had an unfavorable impact of approximately 7 percentage points in 2015 when compared to 2014. excluding the impact of foreign currency movements there was growth in sales to all key end markets, in particular, the pharmaceutical and biotechnology market in the year ended october 31, 2015 when compared to last year. within the applied markets revenue in chemical and energy end markets were slower but still reported growth when adjusted for currency movements. revenue increased 7 percent in 2014 when compared to 2013. revenue growth from sales to all markets was similar to that of our life sciences and applied markets business in the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared to last year.
services and other revenue includes revenue generated from servicing our installed base of products, warranty extensions and consulting including companion diagnostics. services and other revenue increased 4 percent in 2015 as compared to 2014. the service and other revenue growth is impacted by a portion of the revenue being driven by the current and previously installed product base. service and other revenue increased due to increased service contract renewals, laboratory productivity services and strong companion diagnostics revenue. services and other revenue increased 6 percent in 2014 as compared to 2013.
37
costs and expenses years ended october 31,   2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
change           change
2015                                                     2014           2013
gross margin on products             52.5   %       50.8    %      50.6    %           2 ppts                -
gross margin on services and other   43.8   %       41.6    %      43.0    %           2 ppts          (1) ppt total gross margin                   50.5   %       48.8    %      49.0    %           2 ppts                -
operating margin                     12.9   %       10.4    %       9.9    %           3 ppts            1 ppt
(in millions)
research and development                   $330        $358        $337   (8)%   6%
selling, general and administrative      $1,189      $1,199      $1,184   (1)%   1%
total gross margins for the year ended october 31, 2015 increased 2 percentage points when compared to last year. increases in total gross margins for the year ended october 31, 2015 were the result of lower intangible asset amortization, favorable product mix and improved manufacturing efficiencies partially offset by the impact of unfavorable currency movements and wage increases. total gross margins for the year ended october 31, 2014 were flat when compared to prior year. total gross margins for the year ended october 31, 2014 were impacted by favorable product mix offset by higher regulatory costs to address an fda warning letter, which is now lifted and wage increases.
total operating margins increased 3 percentage points for the year ended october 31, 2015, when compared to last year. operating margins improved due to increased gross margins and reduced expenses on lower revenue compared to last year. total operating margins increased 1 percentage point for the year ended october 31, 2014, when compared to last year. in 2014 there were higher costs as a result of the exit from the nmr business together with some pre separation expenses associated with the separation of keysight.
gross inventory charges, included in continuing operations, were $30 million in 2015, $46 million in 2014 and $27 million in 2013. sales of previously written down inventory, included in continuing operations, were $13 million in 2015, $8 million in 2014 and $6 million in 2013.
our research and development efforts focus on potential new products and product improvements covering a wide variety of technologies, none of which is individually significant to our operations. we conduct three types of research and development: basic research, foundation technologies and life sciences. our research seeks to improve on various technical competencies in software, systems and solutions, life sciences and diagnostics. in each of these research fields, we conduct research that is focused on specific product development for release in the short-term as well as other research that is intended to be the foundation for future products over a longer time-horizon. some of our product development research is designed to improve products already in production, focus on major new product releases, and develop new product segments for the future. due to the breadth of research and development projects across all of our businesses, there are a number of drivers of this expense. we remain committed to invest significantly in research and development and have focused our development efforts on key strategic opportunities to align our business with available markets and position ourselves to capture market share.
research and development expenses decreased 8 percent for the year ended october 31, 2015 when compared with last year. r&d expenditure decreased due to the impact of foreign currency movements, savings from the exit from the nmr business and transformation initiatives, offset by wage increases. research and development expenses increased 6 percent for the year ended october 31, 2014 when compared with last year. r&d expenditure increased due to continued investment in next generation products and expanding our product portfolios.
selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 1 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. there were increases in expenditure mostly due to the impact of wage increases, higher commissions and costs associated with business improvement and transformation initiatives more than offset by favorable foreign currency movements and the decline in nmr expenses due to the exiting of that business together with a decrease in pre separation expenses related to the separation of keysight. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 1 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. selling, general and administrative expenditure increased mostly due to the impact of wage increases and higher commissions.
interest expense for the years ended october 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $66 million, $110 million and $107 million, respectively, and relates to the interest charged on our senior notes offset by the amortization of deferred gains recorded upon
38
termination of interest rate swap contracts. the decrease in interest expense in 2015 compared with 2014 and 2013 is due to debt redemptions as part of the debt repositioning as a result of the separation of the keysight business.
at october 31, 2015, our headcount was approximately 11,800 compared to 11,900 in 2014.
other income (expense), net for the year ended october 31, 2015 other income (expense), net includes $25 million of income in respect of the provision of certain it and site service costs to, and lease income from, keysight. the costs associated with these services are reported within income from operations. agilent expects to receive lease income and site service income from keysight over the next 4-5 years of approximately $13 million per year. for the year ended october 31, 2014 other income (expense) net, included a net loss on the early redemption of senior notes of $89 million.
income taxes years ended october 31,
2015                                                  2014                2013
(in millions)
provision (benefit) for income taxes   $42                 $(3       )         $68
for 2015, the company's effective tax rate from continuing operations was 8.7 percent. the income tax expense from continuing operations was $42 million. the income tax provision from continuing operations for the year ended october 31, 2015 included net discrete tax benefits of $55 million. the net discrete tax benefit for the year ended october 31, 2015 included $32 million of net tax benefit primarily due to the settlement of an internal revenue service ("irs) audit in the u.s. and the recognition of tax expense related to the repatriation of dividends to the u.s. the remaining $23 million net tax benefit for the year ended october 31, 2015 included $16 million of tax benefit related to the de-registration of certain foreign branches and statutue of limitations lapses, $6 million of tax benefit for the extension of the u.s. research and development tax credit attributable to the company's prior fiscal year and $1 million of other discrete benefits.
for 2014, the company's effective tax rate from continuing operations was (1.3) percent. the income tax benefit from continuing operations was $3 million. the income tax benefit for the year ended october 31, 2014 included a net discrete benefit of $33 million primarily due to the settlement of an internal revenue service ("irs") audit in the u.s. and the recognition of tax expense related to the repatriation of dividends.
for 2013, the effective tax rate from continuing operations was 23.4 percent. the 23.4 percent effective tax rate is lower than the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to the mix of earnings in non-u.s. jurisdictions taxed at lower statutory rates; in particular singapore where we enjoy tax holidays.
agilent enjoys tax holidays in several different jurisdictions, most significantly in singapore. the tax holidays provide lower rates of taxation on certain classes of income and require various thresholds of investments and employment or specific types of income in those jurisdictions. the tax holidays are due for renewal between 2016 and 2023. as a result of the incentives, the impact of the tax holidays decreased income taxes by $65 million, $27 million, and $44 million in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the benefit of the tax holidays on net income per share (diluted) was approximately $0.19, $0.08, and $0.13 in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
in accordance with the guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes, for all u.s. and other tax jurisdictions, we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes and interest will be due. if our estimate of income tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, a further charge to expense would be required. if events occur and the payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be unnecessary, the reversal of the liabilities would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. we include interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits within the provision for income taxes on the consolidated statements of operations.
on november 1, 2014, agilent transferred deferred tax assets of $237 million, deferred tax liabilities of $37 million, current income tax payable of $40 million, and other long-term liabilities related to uncertain tax positions totaling $8 million to keysight as part of its separation from agilent. a current prepaid income tax asset of $19 million and long-term prepaid income tax asset of $3 million related to sales of intercompany assets was also transferred to keysight upon separation from agilent. in addition,
39
for the year ended october 31, 2015, a $6 million return to provision adjustment for keysight associated with bonus depreciation was recognized through retained earnings.
in the u.s., tax years remain open back to the year 2012 for federal income tax purposes and the year 2000 for significant states. on september 22, 2015, we reached an agreement with the irs for the tax years 2008 through 2011. we expect to make a payment of approximately $9 million as part of closing the exam.  as a result, in 2015 we reclassified a portion of other long-term liabilities to other accrued liabilities related to uncertain tax positions of continuing operations that we expect to pay within the next twelve months. this amount is partially offset by a prepaid tax account of approximately $3 million that the irs is allowing as an offset to the $12 million in incremental taxes. the settlement resulted in the recognition, within the continuing operations, of previously unrecognized tax benefits of $119 million, offset by a tax liability on foreign distributions of approximately $99 million principally related to the repatriation of foreign earnings.
on january 29, 2014, we reached an agreement with the irs for the tax years 2006 through 2007. the settlement resulted in the recognition, within the continuing operations, of previously unrecognized tax benefits of $111 million, offset by a tax liability on foreign distributions of approximately $75 million principally related to the repatriation of foreign earnings.
in other major jurisdictions where the company conducts business, the tax years generally remain open back to the year 2003. with these jurisdictions and the u.s., it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitation or a tax audit settlement which will be partially offset by an anticipated tax liability related to unremitted foreign earnings, where applicable. given the number of years and numerous matters that remain subject to examination in various tax jurisdictions, management is unable to estimate the range of possible changes to the balance of our unrecognized tax benefits.
on july 27, 2015, the u.s. tax court issued an opinion in altera corp. v. commissioner related to the treatment of stock-based compensation expense in an intercompany cost-sharing arrangement. a final decision was entered by the u.s. tax court on december 1, 2015. at this time, the u.s. department of the treasury has not withdrawn the requirement from its regulations to include stock-based compensation. the i.r.s. has the right to appeal the u.s. tax court decision. we concluded that no adjustment to our consolidated financial statements is appropriate at this time due to the uncertainties with respect to the ultimate resolution of this case.
segment overview in november 2014, we announced a change in organizational structure designed to better serve our customers. our life sciences business, excluding the nucleic acid solutions division, together with the chemical analysis business combined to form a new segment called life sciences and applied markets business. our diagnostics and genomics businesses combined with the nucleic acid solutions division from our life sciences business and became the diagnostics and genomics segment. finally, the agilent crosslab segment was formed from the services and consumables businesses previously part of the life sciences and chemical analysis businesses. financial reporting under this new structure is included within this report on form 10-k and historical financial segment information has been recast to conform to this new presentation within our financial statements.
life sciences and applied markets our life sciences and applied markets business provides application-focused solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products, as well as enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular level. key product categories include: liquid chromatography ("lc") systems and components; liquid chromatography mass spectrometry ("lcms") systems; gas chromatography ("gc") systems and components; gas chromatography mass spectrometry ("gcms") systems; inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry ("icp-ms") instruments; atomic absorption ("aa") instruments; microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometry ("mp-aes") instruments; inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry ("icp-oes") instruments; laboratory software and informatics systems; laboratory automation and robotic systems; dissolution testing; vacuum pumps and measurement technologies.
40
net revenue years ended october 31,                                      2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
change           change
2015                           2014                  2013
(in millions)
net revenue   $2,046                $2,078                $2,035                     (2)%               2%
life science and applied markets business revenue in 2015 decreased 2 percent compared to 2014. foreign currency movements for 2015 had an unfavorable impact of 5 percentage points on revenue growth when compared to the same period last year. geographically, revenue grew 4 percent in the americas with a 3 percentage point unfavorable currency impact, grew 2 percent in asia pacific excluding japan with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact, declined 8 percent in europe with a 10 percentage point unfavorable currency impact and declined 20 percent in japan with a 13 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. double digit revenue growth in the pharmaceutical market helped drive the revenue growth in the americas, but was partially offset by declines in the life science and research market due to reductions in academia and government spending. in europe, our pharmaceutical market revenue growth was not enough to offset declines in revenue from our life science and research market and softness in applied markets. product revenue results were led by solid demand across the entire product folio, offset by decline in nmr revenue reducing overall growth by 2 percentage points. life science and applied markets business revenue in 2014 increased 2 percent compared to 2013. product revenue results in 2014 were led by growth in gcms and spectroscopy, and partially offset by declines in lcms and nmr.
end market performance reflected mixed growth across markets in 2015. our pharmaceutical and biotechnology market revenue growth was strong, and driven by technology refreshes. larger pharmaceutical companies, continue to upgrade to the latest technologies and help drive revenue growth in this market. in life science research, reduced budgets and delayed spending on capital equipment from government entities, led to a decline in revenue in this market segment. applied market revenue growth was weaker primarily due to the revenue from the chemical and energy market where lower oil prices have reduced capital spending. excluding currency movements and the nmr business, environmental decreased when compared to last year as weakness in the us oil and gas markets is now spreading to related environmental testing markets. sales to the food market were down slightly when compared to last year excluding currency movements and the nmr business. revenue growth in 2014 was led by strong pharmaceutical sales and moderate revenue growth in applied markets, partially offset by a reduction in revenue from the life science and research markets compared to the prior year.
looking forward we are optimistic about continued growth from pharmaceutical sales and the technology replacement business from our strong portfolio offering. while low spending levels in life science research and reduced chemical and energy spending continue to be a concern, we continue to see opportunities for customers buying replacement instruments and we will keep strengthening our product and technology portfolio accordingly.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the life sciences and applied markets business' margins, expenses and income from operations for 2015 versus 2014, and 2014 versus 2013.
years ended october 31,   2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
change           change
2015                                     2014           2013
total gross margin   56.2   %       55.8    %      53.9    %                -           2 ppts operating margin     18.6   %       17.7    %      16.6    %            1 ppt            1 ppt
(in millions)
research and development                 $192      $215      $207   (10)%   4%
selling, general and administrative      $576      $576      $551       -   4%
income from operations                   $380      $369      $338      3%   9%
gross margins were flat in 2015 compared to 2014. the effects of product mix in 2015 had a negligible affect on gross margins relative to 2014 . increases for wages and materials were largely offset by improvement in operational efficiencies. gross margins in 2014 increased by 2 percentage points compared to 2013. improvement in all major product groups contributed to the
41
year on year gain due partly to increased sales volume and improved operational efficiency. product mix also had a favorable impact on gross margins.
research and development expenses decreased 10 percent in 2015 when compared to 2014. excluding nmr, research and development expenses were down 4 percent from the prior year impacted by our transformation initiatives. research and development expenses increased 4 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. investments in software and higher infrastructure costs contributed to the increase.
selling, general and administrative expenses were flat in 2015 compared to 2014. excluding nmr, selling, general and administrative expenses grew 3 percent primarily due to dis-synergies in infrastructure costs from the separation of keysight. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 4 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the 2014 increase was primarily related to increased commissions and infrastructure costs.
operating margins increased by 1 percentage point in 2015 compared to 2014. expenses declined more than revenue to help with the improvement. our nmr business, which we made a decision to exit at the end of 2014, had an unfavorable impact on operating margin for fiscal year 2015 as we continued to ship off backlog in winding down the operation. operating margins increased by 1 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013, due to slightly higher revenue and improved gross margins.
income from operations income from operations in 2015 increased by $11 million or 3 percent compared to 2014 on a revenue decrease of $32 million. income from operations in 2014 increased by $31 million or 9 percent compared to 2013 on a revenue increase of $43 million, a 72 percent year-over-year operating margin incremental. operating margin incremental is measured by the increase in income from operations compared to the prior period divided by the increase in revenue compared to the prior period.
diagnostics and genomics our diagnostics and genomics business includes the reagent partnership, pathology, companion diagnostics, genomics and the nucleic acid solutions businesses.
our diagnostics and genomics business is comprised of three areas of activity providing solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables, which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. first, our pathology solutions business is focused on product offerings to cancer diagnostics and anatomic pathology workflows. the broad portfolio of offerings includes immunohistochemistry ("ihc"), in situ hybridization ("ish"), hematoxylin and eosin ("h&e") staining and special staining. we also collaborate with a number of major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential pharmacodiagnostics, also known as companion diagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. second, our genomics business includes arrays for dna mutation detection, genotyping, gene copy number determination, identification of gene rearrangements, dna methylation profiling, gene expression profiling, as well as next generation sequencing ("ngs") target enrichment. finally, our nucleic acid solutions business provides equipment and expertise focused on production of synthesized oligonucleotides under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices ("gmp") conditions for use as active pharmaceutical ingredients ("api") in an emerging class of drugs that utilize nucleic acid molecules for disease therapy.
net revenue years ended october 31,                                2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
change                   change
2015                         2014                2013
(in millions)
net revenue   $662                $663                $635           -                            5%
diagnostics and genomics business revenue in 2015 was flat compared to 2014, significantly impacted by currency. foreign currency movements for 2015 had an unfavorable currency impact of 8 percentage points on revenue growth when compared to the same period last year. geographically, revenue grew 4 percent in the americas with a 1 percentage point unfavorable currency impact, grew 1 percent in europe with a 13 percentage point unfavorable currency impact, but declined 25 percent in japan with a 12 percentage point unfavorable currency impact and declined 2 percent in asia pacific excluding japan with a 6 percentage point unfavorable currency impact.
42
the positive local currency revenue growth was driven by continued market demand in the nucleic acid solutions business related to therapeutic oligo programs, good revenue performance in pathology and companion diagnostics businesses as well as continued growth momentum of the ngs solution offering within the genomics business. the end markets in diagnostics and clinical research continue to be strong and growing driven by aging population and life style. we saw a  revenue growth trend in 2015 in our pathology business as we regained customer confidence once the fda warning letter was lifted earlier in the year.  the growth was driven by omnis instruments placements throughout the year with record shipments and installations in the last quarter. we also continued to see strong performance from our companion diagnostics business driven by our new and existing pharmaceutical partners. our genomics business continued to see strong demand for our target enrichment portfolio due to the increasing adoption of next-generation sequencing at a rapid pace by delivering products that suit the changing market in this research and clinical research space.
looking forward, we are optimistic about our growth opportunities in the diagnostics markets and continue to invest in expanding and improving our applications and solutions portfolio. we remain positive about our revenue growth in our markets, as adoption of our omnis products, sureselect and haloplex sequencing target enrichment solutions continue. we will continue to invest in research and development, and seek to expand our position in developing countries and emerging markets.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the diagnostics and genomics business's margins, expenses and income from operations for 2015 versus 2014, and 2014 versus 2013.
years ended october 31,   2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
change           change
2015                                     2014           2013
total gross margin   54.4   %       56.4    %      60.1    %         (2) ppts         (4) ppts operating margin     13.3   %       14.0    %      15.0    %          (1) ppt          (1) ppt
(in millions)
research and development                  $78       $86       $83   (10)%     3%
selling, general and administrative      $195      $195      $202       -   (4)%
income from operations                    $88       $93       $95    (5)%   (3)%
gross margins decreased by 2 percentage points in 2015 compared to 2014. gross margins reflected unfavorable currency movement impact, change in business mix, higher inventory charges, and wage increases. gross margins in 2014 decreased by 4 percentage points compared to 2013. gross margins reflected higher costs to address the now lifted fda warning letter and higher infrastructure expenses and wage increases.
research and development expenses decreased 10 percent in 2015 when compared to 2014; however remained flat as a percentage of revenue. the decline was mainly due to favorable currency movements and business improvement intiatives partially offset by wage increases. research and development expenses increased 3 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase was due to higher wages, higher cost to address the now lifted fda warning letter partially offset by lower infrastructure costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses were flat in 2015 compared to 2014, favorable currency movements, and business improvement initiatives and were offset by higher allocated infrastructure expenses following the keysight separation and wage increases. selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 4 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the reduction was due to lower program spending and efficiency gains in sales channels partially offset by wage increases.
operating margins decreased by 1 percentage point in 2015 compared to 2014. the reduction was due to lower gross margins due to higher inventory charges and wage increases. operating margins decreased by 1 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013 due to higher costs to address the now lifted fda warning letter, higher infrastructure expenses and wage increases.
income from operations income from operations in 2015 decreased by $5 million or 5 percent compared to 2014 on a revenue decrease of $1 million. the reduction was due to lower gross margins. income from operations in 2014 decreased by $2 million or 3 percent compared to 2013 on a revenue increase of $28 million mainly due to higher costs to address the now lifted fda warning letter.
43
agilent crosslab the agilent crosslab business spans the entire lab with its extensive consumables and services portfolio, which is designed to improve customer outcomes. the majority of the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning agilent can serve and supply customers regardless of their instrument purchase choices. solutions range from chemistries and supplies to services and software helping to connect the entire lab. key product categories in consumables include gc and lc columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and a large selection of laboratory instrument supplies. services include startup, operational, training and compliance support, as well as asset management and consultative services that help increase customer productivity. custom service and consumable bundles are tailored to meet the specific application needs of various industries and to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirements.
net revenue years ended october 31,                                      2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
change           change
2015                                 2014                  2013
(in millions)
total net revenue   $1,330                $1,307                $1,224                       2%               7%
agilent crosslab business revenue in 2015 increased 2 percent compared to 2014. foreign currency movements for 2015 had an unfavorable impact of 7 percentage points compared to 2014. revenue growth in 2015 was led by strength in the overall aftermarket service agreement business, the remarketed instrument business, and our chemistries portfolio of lc columns and sample preparation products. revenue grew 6 percent over 2014 in the americas with a 3 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. revenue declined 5 percent below 2014 in europe with a 13 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. revenue declined 13 percent below 2014 in japan with a 14 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. revenue grew 10 percent over 2014 in asia pacific excluding japan with a 4 percentage point unfavorable currency impact. agilent crosslab business revenue in 2014 increased 7 percent compared to 2013. revenue growth in 2014 was led by strength in the overall service agreement business, the remarketed instrument business, and our portfolio of lc columns and generic supply products.
agilent crosslab business saw positive revenue growth in all the key end markets after accounting for the unfavorable currency impact in 2015. growth was led by the pharmaceutical and biotechnology markets. revenue in chemical and energy end markets were slower but still reported growth, adjusted for currency movements.
looking forward, we expect strength in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology markets will continue to offset weakness in the chemical and energy markets in the near term. the drivers of organic revenue growth in the short-term will be our commitment to bringing innovative solutions to market and our focus on expanding the partnerships we have with our customers. our launch of the agilent crosslab brand promise is beginning to help us communicate the value we bring to our customers, and we are optimistic that this will translate into continued long-term growth. we will also remain committed to fiscal discipline by optimizing gross margins across all our product lines.
gross margin and operating margin the following table shows the agilent crosslab business's margins, expenses and income from operations for 2015 versus 2014 and 2014 versus 2013.
years ended october 31,   2015 over 2014   2014 over 2013
change           change
2015                                     2014           2013
total gross margin   49.6   %       48.5    %      48.7    %            1 ppt                -
operating margin     22.5   %       23.0    %      24.4    %          (1) ppt          (1) ppt
(in millions)
research and development                  $46       $45       $31     3%   45%
selling, general and administrative      $315      $287      $266    10%    8%
income from operations                   $299      $301      $299   (1)%    1%
44
gross margins increased by 1 percentage point in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to the favorable currency hedging gains recognized in 2015, which were partially offset by higher logistical costs. gross margins remained flat in 2014 compared to 2013.
research and development expenses increased 3 percent in 2015 when compared to 2014, due to higher project expenses and wage increases. research and development expenses increased 45 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, due to increased investment into expanding our biocolumn and lc column product portfolio.
selling, general and administrative expenses increased 10 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, due to the increase in allocated infrastructure costs following our separation of keysight and wage increases. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 8 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, due to higher field selling costs and higher infrastructure expenses.
operating margins declined 1 percentage point in 2015 compared to 2014, due to the increase in allocated infrastructure costs following our separation of keysight, which were partially offset by the favorable currency hedging gains recognized in 2015. operating margins decreased 1 percentage point in 2014 compared to 2013, due to the higher infrastructure expenses.
income from operations income from operations in 2015 decreased by $2 million or 1 percent compared to 2014 on a revenue increase of $23 million. income from operations in 2014 increased by $2 million or 1 percent compared to 2013 on a revenue increase of $83 million, a 3 percent year-over-year operating margin incremental.
financial condition liquidity and capital resources our financial position as of october 31, 2015 consisted of cash and cash equivalents of $2,003 million as compared to $2,218 million as of october 31, 2014, which excludes $810 million of cash and cash equivalents held by keysight.
on november 1, 2014, we completed the distribution of 100% of the outstanding common shares of keysight to agilent stockholders who received one share of keysight common stock for every two shares of agilent held as of the close of business on the record date, october 22, 2014. the separation agreement provided that prior to the distribution, keysight make a cash distribution to agilent in an amount equal to $900 million. the distribution of such cash to agilent was intended to be a return of capital to agilent that ensures that keysight had approximately $700 million of total cash immediately following distribution. for the year ended october 31 2015, we transferred a net amount of $734 million to keysight.
as of october 31, 2015, approximately $1,780 million of our cash and cash equivalents is held outside of the u.s. in our foreign subsidiaries. most of the amounts held outside of the u.s. could be repatriated to the u.s. but, under current law, would be subject to u.s. federal and state income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. agilent has accrued for u.s. federal and state tax liabilities on the earnings of its foreign subsidiaries except when the earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s. repatriation could result in additional material u.s. federal and state income tax payments in future years. we utilize a variety of funding strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed.
we believe our cash and cash equivalents, cash generated from operations, and ability to access capital markets and credit lines will satisfy, for at least the next twelve months, our liquidity requirements, both globally and domestically, including the following: working capital needs, capital expenditures, business acquisitions, stock repurchases, cash dividends, contractual obligations, commitments, principal and interest payments on debt, and other liquidity requirements associated with our operations.
net cash provided by operating activities net cash provided by operating activities was $491 million in 2015 as compared to $711 million provided in 2014 and $1,152 million provided in 2013. for the years ended 2014 and 2013, net cash provided by operating activities included the cash provided by keysight operating activities. we paid approximately $129 million of net taxes in 2015, as compared to net $131 million in taxes in 2014 and net $110 million in 2013. income taxes, including those paid for the keysight business, were paid by agilent for the years ended october 31, 2014 and 2013. the increase in cash paid for income taxes for the year ended october 31, 2015 was due to tax payments related to the separation. operating cash flows in 2014 were impacted by pre-separation costs and separation related taxes, the redemption of senior notes including payments related to accrued interest and the timing of the purchase of shares under the employee stock purchase plan. for the years ended october 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 other assets and liabilities used cash of $262 million, $45 million and provided cash of $8 million, respectively. the increase in the usage of cash for the
45
year ended october 31, 2015 in other assets and liabilities was largely the result of contributions to defined benefit plans, changes in interest and restructuring accruals, income tax liabilities and transaction tax assets and liabilities.
in 2015, the change in accounts receivable used cash of $24 million, $119 million in 2014 and provided cash of $14 million in 2013. for the years ended october 31, 2014 and 2013 the change in accounts receivable included $25 million of cash used and $44 million of cash provided by keysight, respectively. days' sales outstanding were 53 days in 2015, 49 days in 2014 and 47 days in 2013. the change in accounts payable used cash of $26 million in 2015, provided cash of $50 million in 2014 and used cash of $27 million in 2013. for the years ended october 31, 2014 and 2013 the change in accounts payable included $32 million of cash provided and $24 million of cash used by keysight, respectively. cash used in inventory was $24 million in 2015, $99 million in 2014 and $100 million in 2013. for the years ended october 31, 2014 and 2013 the change in inventory included $31 million and $53 million of cash used by keysight, respectively. inventory days on-hand decreased to 97 days in 2015 compared to 106 days in 2014 and 118 days in 2013.
we contributed $15 million, $30 million and $30 million to our u.s. defined benefit plans in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. for the years ended october 31, 2014 and 2013 we contributed $15 million and $15 million, respectively, to our u.s. defined benefit plans on behalf of keysight. we contributed $25 million, $72 million and $89 million to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. for the years ended october 31, 2014 and 2013 we contributed $41 million and $45 million, respectively, to our non-u.s. defined benefit plans on behalf of keysight. we contributed less than $1 million to our u.s. post-retirement benefit plans in 2015 and $1 million in both 2014 and 2013. our non-u.s. defined benefit plans are generally funded ratably throughout the year. total contributions in 2015 were $40 million or 61 percent less than 2014. total contributions in 2014 were $103 million or 14 percent more than 2013. our annual contributions are highly dependent on the relative performance of our assets versus our projected liabilities, among other factors. we expect to contribute approximately $25 million to our u.s. and non-u.s. defined benefit plans and $1 million to our u.s. post-retirement benefit plans during 2016.
net cash used in investing activities net cash used in investing activities in 2015 was $400 million and in 2014 was $230 million as compared to net cash used of $248 million in 2013. for the years ended october 31, 2014 and 2013 cash used in investing activities included $82 million and $85 million of cash used by keysight, respectively.
investments in property, plant and equipment were $98 million in 2015, $205 million in 2014 and $195 million in 2013. for the years ended october 31, 2014 and 2013 investments in plant and equipment included $70 million and $69 million, respectively, related to keysight. proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment were $12 million in 2015, $14 million in 2014 and $2 million in 2013. in 2015 we invested $74 million in acquisitions of businesses and intangible assets, net of cash acquired compared to $13 million in 2014 and $21 million in 2013. in 2015 we increased our investment in our equity method investment by $1 million. in 2014, there were $25 million of purchases of equity method investments including a $3.5 million loan converted to equity compared with $46 million of purchases of investments including $21 million for equity method investments in 2013. proceeds from a divestiture was $3 million in 2015 compared to $2 million in 2014. proceeds from the sale of investment securities in 2015 were zero, $1 million in 2014 and $12 million in 2013. we made a payment of $2 million in exchange for convertible note in 2015. change in restricted cash and cash equivalents was $240 million in 2015 related to our seahorse biosciences acquisition and $4 million and zero in 2014 and 2013 respectively.
net cash used in financing activities net cash used in financing activities in 2015 was $1,068 million compared to $97 million in 2014 and $554 million in 2013, respectively. the increase in cash used in 2015 when compared to 2014 was largely due to the net cash transferred to keysight.
treasury stock repurchases on november 22, 2013 we announced that our board of directors had authorized a share repurchase program. the existing program is designed to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs to target maintaining a weighted average share count of approximately 335 million diluted shares. for the years ended october 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 we repurchased 6 million shares for $267 million, 4 million shares for $200 million and 20 million shares for $900 million, respectively. all such shares and related costs are held as treasury stock and accounted for using the cost method.
on may 28, 2015 we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2015 repurchase program"). the 2015 share repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $1.14 billion of our common stock through and including november 1, 2018. the 2015 share repurchase program will commence, at the option of the company,
46
on either november 1, 2015, or the date on which we complete the purchase of the remaining $98 million for a total of $365 million of common stock in fiscal 2015 under the existing stock repurchase program. upon commencement, the 2015 share repurchase program replaces our existing stock repurchase program, which authorized the repurchase of shares to reduce or eliminate share dilution from equity programs. the 2015 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time.
dividends for the years ended october 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 cash dividends of $133 million, $176 million and $156 million were paid on the company's outstanding common stock, respectively. on november 19, 2015, we declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share of common stock, or approximately $38 million which will be paid on january 27, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on january 5, 2016. the timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors.
credit facility on september 15, 2014, agilent entered into a credit agreement with a financial institution which provides for a $400 million five-year unsecured credit facility that will expire on september 15, 2019. on june 9, 2015, the commitments under the existing credit facility were increased by $300 million so that the aggregate commitments under the facility now total $700 million. as of october 31, 2015, the company had no borrowings outstanding under the facility. we were in compliance with the covenants for the credit facility during the years ended october 31, 2015 and 2014.
long-term debt in october 2007, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $600 million in senior notes ("2017 senior notes"). the 2017 senior notes were issued at 99.60% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on november 1, 2017, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 6.50% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on may 1st and november 1st of each year and payments commenced on may 1, 2008.
on november 25, 2008, we terminated two interest rate swap contracts associated with our 2017 senior notes that represented the notional amount of $400 million. the asset value, including interest receivable, upon termination was approximately $43 million and the amount to be amortized at october 31, 2015 was $2 million. the gain is being deferred and amortized to interest expense over the remaining life of the 2017 senior notes. on october 20, 2014, we settled the redemption of $500 million of the $600 million outstanding aggregate principal amount of our 2017 senior notes due november 1, 2017 that had been called for redemption on september 19, 2014.
in july 2010, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $500 million in senior notes ("2020 senior notes"). the 2020 senior notes were issued at 99.54% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on july 15, 2020, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 5.00% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on january 15th and july 15th of each year, payments commenced on january 15, 2011.
on august 9, 2011, we terminated our interest rate swap contracts related to our 2020 senior notes that represented the notional amount of $500 million. the asset value, including interest receivable, upon termination for these contracts was approximately $34 million and the amount to be amortized at october 31, 2015 was $19 million. the gain is being deferred and amortized to interest expense over the remaining life of the 2020 senior notes.
in september 2012, the company issued an aggregate principal amount of $400 million in senior notes ("2022 senior notes"). the senior notes were issued at 99.80% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on october 1, 2022, and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.20% per annum. the interest is payable semi-annually on april 1st and october 1st of each year, payments commenced on april 1, 2013.
in june 2013, the company issued aggregate principal amount of $600 million in senior notes ("2023 senior notes"). the 2023 senior notes were issued at 99.544% of their principal amount. the notes will mature on july 15, 2023 and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.875% per annum. interest is payable semi-annually on january 15th and july 15th of each year and payments commenced january 15, 2014.
as of october 31, 2015, we have mortgage debts, secured on buildings in denmark, in danish krone equivalent of $38 million aggregate principal outstanding with a danish financial institution. the loans have a variable interest rate based on 3
47
months copenhagen interbank rate ("cibor") and will mature on september 30, 2027. interest payments are made in march, june, september and december of each year.
off balance sheet arrangements and other we have contractual commitments for non-cancelable operating leases. see note 18, "commitments and contingencies", to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our non-cancelable operating leases.
our liquidity is affected by many factors, some of which are based on normal ongoing operations of our business and some of which arise from fluctuations related to global economics and markets. our cash balances are generated and held in many locations throughout the world. local government regulations may restrict our ability to move cash balances to meet cash needs under certain circumstances. we do not currently expect such regulations and restrictions to impact our ability to pay vendors and conduct operations throughout our global organization.
contractual commitments our cash flows from operations are dependent on a number of factors, including fluctuations in our operating results, accounts receivable collections, inventory management, and the timing of tax and other payments. as a result, the impact of contractual obligations on our liquidity and capital resources in future periods should be analyzed in conjunction with such factors.
the following table summarizes our total contractual obligations at october 31, 2015 for agilent operations and excludes amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheet (in millions):
less than oneyear   one to three years         three to five years        more than five years operating leases                                                $35           $54                        $26                        $34
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers             581           -                          -                          -
other purchase commitments                                       53           -                          -                          -
retirement plans                                                 26           -                          -                          -
total                                                          $695           $54                        $26                        $34
operating leases.    commitments under operating leases relate primarily to leasehold property, see note 18, "commitments and contingencies".
commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers.    we purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. during the normal course of business, we issue purchase orders with estimates of our requirements several months ahead of the delivery dates. however, our agreements with these suppliers usually provide us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. typically purchase orders outstanding with delivery dates within 30 days are non-cancelable. therefore, only approximately 38 percent of our reported purchase commitments arising from these agreements are firm, non-cancelable, and unconditional commitments. we expect to fulfill most of our purchase commitments for inventory within one year.
in addition to the above mentioned commitments to contract manufacturers and suppliers, we record a liability for firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments for quantities in excess of our future demand forecasts consistent with our policy relating to excess inventory. as of october 31, 2015, the liability for our firm, non-cancelable and unconditional purchase commitments was $5 million compared to $10 million, as of october 31, 2014 and less than $1 million as of october 31, 2013. these amounts are included in other accrued liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet.
other purchase commitments.    we have categorized "other purchase commitments" related to contracts with professional services suppliers. typically we can cancel contracts without penalties. for those contracts that are not cancelable without penalties, we are disclosing the termination fees and costs or commitments for continued spending that we are obligated to pay to a supplier under each contact's termination period before such contract can be cancelled. our contractual obligations with these suppliers under "other purchase commitments" were approximately $53 million within the next year.
retirement plans.    commitments under the retirement plans relate to expected contributions to be made to our u.s. and non-u.s. defined benefit plans and to our post-retirement medical plans for the next year only. contributions after next year are impractical to estimate.
48
we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements as of october 31, 2015 or october 31, 2014.
on balance sheet arrangements the following table summarizes our total contractual obligations at october 31, 2015 related to our long-term debt and interest expense (in millions):
less than oneyear                 one to three years            three to five years          more than five years senior notes       $-                                     $100                           $500                        $1,000
other debt         -                                         -                              -                            38
interest expense   68                      132                            123                                            96
total              $68                                    $232                           $623                        $1,134
other long-term liabilities include $227 million and $286 million of liabilities for uncertain tax positions as of october 31, 2015 and october 31, 2014, respectively. we are unable to accurately predict when these amounts will be realized or released. however, it is reasonably possible that there could be significant changes to our unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months due to either the expiration of a statute of limitations or a tax audit settlement.
49
