item 1a. risk factors we face a wide range of risks, and our continued success depends on our ability to identify, prioritize and appropriately manage our enterprise risk exposures. readers should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this form 10-k. these risks and other factors may affect forward-looking statements, including those in this document or made by the company elsewhere, such as in earnings release webcasts, investor conference presentations or press releases. the risks and uncertainties described herein may not be the only ones facing the company. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. if any of the following risks and uncertainties develops into actual events, there could be a material impact on the company.
difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy could have a material adverse effect on our investments, capital position, revenue, profitability, and liquidity and harm our business.
our results of operations are materially affected by conditions in the global capital markets and the global economy generally, including in our two primary operating markets of the united states and japan. weak global financial markets impact the value of our existing investment portfolio, influence opportunities for new investments, and may contribute to generally weak economic fundamentals, which can have a negative impact on our operating activities.
in recent years, global capital markets have been severely impacted by several major events. the financial crisis that began in the latter part of 2008 saw dramatic declines in investment values and weak economic conditions as the global financial system came under extreme pressure. although u.s. markets began recovering in late 2009 and 2010, europe continued to struggle under a severely weakened banking system and investor concerns with sovereign debt levels. following a period of unprecedented intervention by governments and central banks, including the u.s. federal reserve and european central bank (ecb), financial conditions improved from the dire conditions of the global financial crisis, global recession, and european debt crisis. recently, global markets have experienced materially higher levels of market volatility due to concerns including changes in the market's perception of global growth, additional ecb intervention, uncertainty surrounding japan's continued recovery amidst assorted policy changes, significant declines in global commodity prices including oil, divergent monetary policies in the united states versus many other developed economies, and heightened concerns surrounding the chinese economy.
as we hold a significant amount of fixed maturity and perpetual securities issued by borrowers located in many different parts of the world, including a large portion issued by banks and financial institutions, sovereigns, and other corporate borrowers in the u.s. and europe, our financial results are directly influenced by global financial markets. a retrenchment of the recent improvements in overall capital market health could adversely affect our financial condition, including our capital position and our overall profitability. market volatility and recessionary pressures could result in significant realized or unrealized losses due to severe price declines driven by increases in interest rates or credit spreads, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades.
following the election of shinzo abe as prime minister of japan in december 2012, the new administration adopted a new set of financial measures to stimulate the japanese economy, most recently imposing negative interest rates on excess bank reserves. in a december 2014 snap-election, the ruling liberal democratic party (ldp) won a landslide victory, further strengthening mr. abe's ability to implement economic reform and address key policy challenges. the japanese financial markets have reacted with even lower rates on japanese government bonds, large increases in japanese equity market values, and a weakening of the yen relative to the u.s. dollar, a situation that remains largely intact today.
japan is the largest market for our products and we own substantial holdings in japanese government bonds (jgbs). government actions to stimulate the economy affect the value of our existing holdings, our reinvestment rate on new investments in jgbs or other yen denominated assets, and consumer behavior relative to our suite of products. the additional government debt from fiscal stimulus actions could contribute to a weakening of the japan sovereign credit profile and result in further rating downgrades at the credit rating agencies. this could lead to additional volatility in japanese capital and currency markets.
our investment portfolio owns sizeable credit positions in many other geographic areas of the world including the middle east, latin america, asia, and other emerging markets. deterioration in their underlying economies, sovereign credit worthiness, or financial market conditions could negatively impact our financial position. we also own credit investments that result in exposure to commodity valuations, including oil, natural gas, gold, and other metals. the recent
12
significant declines in the prices of these commodities could result in credit deterioration of our holdings and significant credit losses due to depressed bond valuations, defaults in payment of principal or interest, or credit rating downgrades.
most of our investment portfolio holdings are income-producing bonds that provide a fixed level of income. many of our investments were made at the relatively low level of interest rates prevailing the last several years. any increase in the market yields of our holdings due to an increase in interest rates could create substantial unrealized losses in our portfolio, as discussed further in a separate risk factor in this section of the form 10-k.
we need liquidity to pay our operating expenses, dividends on our common stock, interest on our debt and liabilities. for a further description of our liquidity needs, including maturing indebtedness, see item 7 of this form 10-k - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - capital resources and liquidity. in the event our current resources do not meet our needs, we may need to seek additional financing. our access to additional funding will depend on a variety of factors such as market conditions, the general availability of credit to the financial services industry and our credit rating. we have a credit facility agreement as a capital contingency plan with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings in the amount of 55 billion yen. this agreement provides for borrowings in japanese yen or the equivalent of japanese yen in u.s. dollars on a revolving basis and will expire on the earlier of september 18, 2020, or the date the commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement.
as a part of our capital contingency plan, we entered into a committed reinsurance facility agreement on december 1, 2015 in the amount of approximately 110 billion yen. this reinsurance facility agreement is effective from december 1, 2015 until december 31, 2016. there are also additional commitment periods of a one-year duration each which are automatically extended unless notification is received from the reinsurer within 60 days prior to the expiration. the reinsurer can withdraw from the committed facility if aflac's standard and poor's (s&p) rating drops below bbb-. as of december 31, 2015, we have not executed a reinsurance treaty under this committed reinsurance facility.
should investors become concerned with any of our investment holdings, including the concentration in jgbs, our access to market sources of funding could be negatively impacted. there is a possibility that lenders or debt investors may also become concerned if we incur large investment losses or if the level of our business activity decreases due to a market downturn or there are further adverse economic trends in the united states or japan, specifically, or generally in developed markets. similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. see more information on recent rating actions later in this risk factors section.
broad economic factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, and inflation all affect the business and economic environment and, indirectly, the amount and profitability of our business. in an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower corporate earnings, lower business investment and lower consumer spending, the demand for financial and insurance products could be adversely affected. this adverse effect could be particularly significant for companies such as ours that distribute supplemental, discretionary insurance products primarily through the worksite in the event that economic conditions result in a decrease in the number of new hires and total employees. adverse changes in the economy could potentially lead our customers to be less inclined to purchase supplemental insurance coverage or to decide to cancel or modify existing insurance coverage, which could adversely affect our premium revenue, results of operations and financial condition. we are unable to predict the course of the current recoveries in global financial markets or the recurrence, duration or severity of disruptions in such markets.
the effect that governmental actions for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets will have on such markets generally, or on us specifically, is difficult to determine at this time.
in response to the severity of the global financial crisis, numerous regulatory and governmental actions were taken to address weakness in the banking system, volatility in capital market conditions, and to stimulate the global economy. in the united states, this included aggressive expansionary monetary policy actions by the federal reserve, including conventional measures such as reducing the federal funds rate to near zero, and less conventional measures such as multiple rounds of quantitative easing. the result of the actions of the federal reserve was to keep interest rates, as measured by the u.s. treasury curve and other relevant market rates, at very low levels for an extended period of time in an attempt to stimulate the economy.
as the u.s. economy has continued to improve, the federal reserve has reduced the amount of monetary stimulus. the actions previously taken by the federal reserve, and the amounts involved, are unprecedented. as such, there exist considerable risks associated with the amount of monetary stimulus provided and its withdrawal. these risks could
13
include heightened inflation, increased volatility of interest rates, significantly higher interest rates, and overall increased volatility in the fair value of investment securities. these factors could negatively impact our business by reducing the value of our existing portfolio, negatively impacting our opportunities for new investments as market volatility increases, increasing the risk of depressed bond valuations or defaults in our credit portfolio, increasing the costs to hedge certain dollar holdings into yen, and reducing the demand for our products should the broader economy be negatively impacted by withdrawal of monetary stimulus.
the financial crisis also created new government regulation, including the dodd-frank financial regulatory reform bill for u.s. institutions. this significant legislation, intended to reduce risk of another crisis, contains multiple provisions that could impact our business as rules are finalized and implemented. this legislation could impact the value of our significant holdings in banks and other financial institutions and our ability to conduct financial and capital market transactions, negatively impact pricing and our general ability to conduct financial and capital market transactions, and affect the general competitiveness of the u.s. financial services industry.
as the effects of the financial crisis continue to linger, other central banks around the world have followed the actions of the federal reserve and taken unprecedented actions. in the case of the ecb, multiple actions were taken to mitigate the european sovereign and banking crisis, and to stimulate the economies throughout the eurozone. the bank of japan has undertaken monetary policy actions designed to stimulate the japanese economy. these governmental interventions are still being deployed in the form of extremely low short-term interest rates and asset purchases, and thus may continue to support an environment of historically low or negative interest rates in the near to medium term. there can be no assurance as to the effect that these governmental actions, other governmental actions taken in the future, or the ceasing of these governmental actions will have on the financial markets generally, the economies in which we operate, our competitive position, or our business and financial condition.
defaults, downgrades, widening credit spreads or other events impairing the value of the fixed maturity securities and perpetual securities in our investment portfolio may reduce our earnings and capital position.
we are subject to the risk that the issuers and/or guarantors of fixed maturity securities and perpetual securities we own may default on principal or interest. a significant portion of our portfolio represents an unsecured obligation of the issuer, including some that are subordinated to other debt in the issuer's capital structure. in these cases, many factors can influence the overall creditworthiness of the issuer and ultimately its ability to service and repay our holdings. this can include changes in the global economy, the company's assets, strategy, or management, shifts in the dynamics of the industries in which they compete, their access to additional funding, and the overall health of the credit markets. factors unique to our securities including contractual protections such as financial covenants or relative position in the issuer's capital structure also influence the value of our holdings.
most of our holdings carry a rating by one or more of the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (nrsros, or "rating agencies"). any change in the rating agencies' approach to evaluating credit and assigning an opinion could negatively impact the fair value of our portfolio. we employ a team of credit analysts to monitor the creditworthiness of the issuers in our portfolio. any credit-related declines in the fair value of positions held in our portfolio we believe are not temporary in nature will negatively impact our net income and capital position through impairment and other credit related losses, which would also affect our solvency ratios in the united states and japan. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by credit-related losses, which may be different from u.s. gaap and statutory requirements, which could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings, and the corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
we are also subject to the risk that any collateral providing credit enhancement to our positions could deteriorate. these instruments may include senior secured first lien loans, such as bank loans and middle market loans, and loan-backed securities where the underlying loan or collateral notes may default on principal, interest, or other payments, causing an adverse change in cash flows to the positions held in our investment portfolio.
our portfolio includes holdings of perpetual securities. most of these are issued by global banks and financial institutions. following the financial crisis, rating agencies reviewed and, in most cases, modified the rating criteria for financial institutions. this has caused multiple downgrades of many bank and financial issuers, but perpetual securities have been more negatively impacted as their lower position in the capital structure represents relatively more risk than other more senior obligations of the issuer. further downgrades or default of issuers of securities we own will have a negative impact on our portfolio and could reduce our earnings and capital.
14
we are exposed to sovereign credit risk through instruments issued directly by governments and government entities as well as banks and other institutions that rely in part on the strength of the underlying government for their credit quality. in addition to the united states and japan, many governments, especially in europe, have been subject to rating downgrades due to the need for fiscal and budgetary remediation and structural reforms, reduced economic activity, and investment needed to support banks or other systematically important entities. additional downgrades or default of our sovereign issuers will have a negative impact on our portfolio and could reduce our earnings and capital.
in addition to our exposure to the underlying fundamental credit strength of the issuers of our fixed maturity and perpetual securities and the underlying risk of default, we are also exposed to the general movement in credit market spreads. a widening of credit spreads could reduce the value of our existing portfolio, create unrealized losses on our investment portfolio, and reduce our adjusted capital position which is used in determining the solvency margin ratio (smr) in japan. this could, however, increase the net investment income on new credit investments. conversely, a tightening of credit spreads could increase the value of our existing portfolio and create unrealized gains on our investment portfolio. this could reduce the net investment income available to us on new credit investments. increased market volatility also makes it difficult to value certain of our investment holdings (see the critical accounting estimates section in item 7, management's discussion and analysis, of this form 10-k).
as a result of the large decline in oil prices, there has been heightened attention to certain investments in the various energy sectors following a large increase in market volatility. our portfolio includes holdings diversified across multiple sub-sectors of the oil and gas industry, spread among multiple geographies.
as of december 31, 2015, the weighted-average rating of our total fixed maturity energy exposure was bbb, and 93% of our exposure to the oil and gas industry was investment grade. absent a major change in the outlook for oil prices, we expect the increase in market volatility surrounding these issuers to continue. this could lead to increased negative ratings activity from the public rating agencies for energy credit issuers. we do not currently expect our investments in the energy sector to have a material impact on our results of operations.
for more information regarding credit risk, see the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of item 7, management's discussion and analysis, of this form 10-k.
we are exposed to significant interest rate risk, which may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we have substantial investment portfolios that support our policy liabilities. low levels of interest rates on investments, especially those currently being experienced in japan and the united states, have reduced the level of investment income earned by the company. our overall level of investment income will be negatively impacted if a low-interest-rate environment persists. while we generally seek to maintain a diversified portfolio of fixed-income investments that reflects the cash flow and duration characteristics of the liabilities it supports, we may not be able to fully mitigate the interest rate risk of our assets relative to our liabilities. our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the ability to invest future cash flows to support the interest rate assumption made at the time our products were priced and the related reserving assumptions were established. a sustained decline in interest rates could hinder our ability to earn the returns assumed in the pricing and the reserving for our products at the time they were sold and issued. due to low interest rates, our ability to earn the returns we expect may also influence our ability to develop and price attractive new products and could impact our overall sales levels. our first sector products are more interest rate sensitive than third sector products. the recent negative interest rate imposed by the bank of japan on excess bank reserves could have a negative impact on the distribution and pricing of these products.
a rise in interest rates could improve our ability to earn higher rates of return on funds that we reinvest. however, an increase in the differential of short-term u.s. and japan interest rates would increase the cost of hedging our u.s. dollar-denominated assets into yen.
we also have exposure to interest rates related to the value of the substantial investment portfolios that support our policy liabilities. changes in interest rates have a direct impact on the fair values of fixed securities in our investment portfolio; however, they do not have a direct impact on the related valuation of the corresponding liabilities. prolonged periods of low interest rates, as have been experienced in recent years, heighten the risk of future increases in interest rates because of an increasing proportion of our investment portfolio includes investments that bear lower rates of return than the embedded book yield of the investment portfolio. a rise in interest rates could increase the net unrealized loss position of our debt and perpetual securities. some of the insurance products that aflac sells in the united states and japan provide cash surrender values. a rise in interest rates could trigger significant policy lapsation which might require
15
the company to sell investment assets and recognize unrealized losses. this situation is commonly referred to as disintermediation risk. conversely, a decline in interest rates could decrease the net unrealized loss position of our debt and perpetual securities. while we generally invest our assets to match the duration and cash flow characteristics of our policy liabilities, and therefore would not expect to realize most of these gains or losses, our risk is that unforeseen events or economic conditions, such as changes in interest rates resulting from governmental monetary policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions, and other factors beyond our control, reduce the effectiveness of this strategy and either cause us to dispose of some or all of these investments prior to their maturity, or increase the risk that the issuers of these securities may default or may require impairment, which could result in our having to recognize such gains or losses.
rising interest rates also negatively impact the smr since unrealized losses on the available-for-sale investment portfolio are included in the calculation. while we closely monitor the smr and have taken steps to reduce the sensitivity of aflac japan's available-for-sale portfolio to increases in interest rates, there is no assurance that these measures will be fully effective, particularly for sharp increases in interest rates. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
we mitigate our exposure to interest rate risk by diversifying our portfolio to risk factors that may be expected to have negative correlation to interest rates, particularly in periods of heightened market volatility. these include equity, credit, and currency risk factors. however, interest rate risk is still an inherent portfolio, business and capital risk for us, and significant changes in interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows through realized losses, impairments, changes in unrealized positions, and liquidity.
for more information regarding interest rate risk, see the interest rate risk subsection within the market risks of financial instruments section of md&a in this report.
our concentration of business in japan poses risks to our operations.
our operations in japan, including realized gains and losses on aflac japan's investment portfolio, accounted for 70% of our total revenues for 2015, compared with 72% in 2014 and 74% in 2013. the japanese operations accounted for 83% of our total assets at december 31, 2015, compared with 82% at december 31, 2014.
further, because of the concentration of our business in japan and our need for long-dated yen-denominated assets, we have a substantial concentration of jgbs in our investment portfolio. as such we have material exposure to the japanese economy, geo-political climate, political regime, and other factors that generally determine a country's creditworthiness. specifically, the nrsros have placed increased scrutiny on jgbs, which are a significant component of the company's overall investment portfolio, resulting in downgrades as discussed later in this risk factors section. the naic is also considering changes to investment risk factors. any negative developments by the nrsros or naic in these areas could result in increased capital requirements for the company.
we seek to match the investment currency and interest rate risk to our yen liabilities. the low level of interest rates available on yen-denominated securities has a negative effect on our overall net investment income. a large portion of the cash available for reinvestment each year is deployed in yen-denominated instruments and subject to the low level of yen interest rates.
any potential deterioration in japan's credit quality, market access, the overall economy of japan, or japanese market volatility could adversely impact the business of aflac in general and specifically aflac japan and our related results of operations and financial condition.
lack of availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
we attempt to match both the duration and currency of our assets with our liabilities. this is very difficult for aflac japan due to the lack of long-dated yen-denominated fixed income instruments.
prior to the financial crisis of 2008, the company was focused on investing cash flows in jgbs, which had relatively low yields, and utilizing private placement and perpetual securities to gain additional yield, extend the duration of the investment portfolio, and maintain yen exposure. the investment in private placements and perpetual securities has led to increased risks associated with illiquidity.
16
starting in 2012, aflac japan augmented its investment strategy to include u.s. dollar-denominated securities which could then be hedged back to yen. initially this program focused on public investment-grade bonds but has evolved over time to include u.s. dollar-denominated high yield corporate bonds, bank loans and middle market loans. as of december 31, 2015, aflac japan held approximately $22.7 billion in u.s. dollar-denominated income producing securities, at amortized cost, and approximately $14.3 billion of notional in foreign currency forwards and options to hedge principal currency risk. we plan to continue adding other instruments denominated in u.s. dollars to improve the portfolio diversification and/or return profile. some of the u.s. dollar-denominated asset classes that we anticipate adding have less liquidity than investment-grade corporate bonds. these strategies will continue to increase our exposure to u.s. interest rates, credit spreads and other risks. we have increased foreign exchange risk exposure as the comprehensive hedging program may not always correlate to the underlying u.s. dollar-denominated assets, thereby increasing earnings volatility. these risks can significantly impact the company's consolidated results of operations, financial position or liquidity.
if we fail to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security, including taking steps to ensure that our third-party service providers and business associates who obtain access to sensitive patient information maintain its confidentiality, our reputation and business operations could be materially adversely affected.
the collection, maintenance, use, protection, disclosure and disposal of individually identifiable data by our businesses are regulated at the international, federal and state levels. these laws and rules are subject to change by legislation or administrative or judicial interpretation. various state laws address the use and disclosure of individually identifiable health data to the extent they are more restrictive than those contained in the privacy and security provisions in the federal gramm-leach-bliley act of 1999 (glba) and in the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996 (hipaa). hipaa also requires that we impose privacy and security requirements on our business associates (as such term is defined in the hipaa regulations). with regard to personal information obtained from policyholders, the insured, or others, aflac japan is regulated in japan by the act on the protection of personal information (appi) and guidelines issued by fsa and other governmental authorities.
even though we provide for appropriate protections through our contracts and perform information security risk assessments with third-party service providers and business associates, we still have limited control over their actions and practices. in addition, despite the security measures we have in place to ensure compliance with applicable laws and rules, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party providers may be vulnerable to security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. the u.s. congress and many states are considering new privacy and security requirements that would apply to our business. compliance with new privacy and security laws, requirements, and new regulations may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes, new limitations or constraints on our business models, the development of new administrative processes, and the effects of potential noncompliance by our business associates. they also may impose further restrictions on our collection, disclosure and use of patient identifiable data that are housed in one or more of our administrative databases. noncompliance with any privacy laws or any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, theft or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential member information, whether by us or by one of our vendors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations, including: material fines and penalties; compensatory, special, punitive and statutory damages; consent orders regarding our privacy and security practices; adverse actions against our licenses to do business; and injunctive relief.
in addition, under japanese laws and regulations, including the appi, if a leak or loss of personal information by aflac japan or its business associates should occur, depending on factors such as the volume of personal data involved and the likelihood of other secondary damage, aflac japan may be required to file reports to the fsa; issue public releases explaining such incident to the public; or become subject to an fsa business improvement order, which could pose a risk to our reputation.
we are exposed to foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
due to the size of aflac japan, where our functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported financial position and results of operations. aflac japan's premiums and approximately half of its investment income are received in yen. claims and expenses are paid in yen, and we purchase yen-denominated assets and u.s. dollar-denominated assets, which may be hedged to yen to support yen-denominated policy liabilities. these and other yen-denominated financial statement items are, however, translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant
17
effect on our reported financial position and results of operations. in periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported. any unrealized foreign currency translation adjustments are reported in accumulated other comprehensive income. as a result, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current year results in relation to the prior year, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current year results in relation to the prior year. in addition, the weakening of the yen relative to the dollar will generally adversely affect the value of our yen-denominated investments in dollar terms. foreign currency translation also impacts the computation of our risk-based capital ratio because aflac japan is consolidated in our u.s. statutory filings due to its status as a branch. our required capital, as determined by the application of risk factors to our assets and liabilities, is proportionately more sensitive to changes in the exchange rate than our total adjusted capital. as a result, when the yen strengthens relative to the dollar, our rbc and smr is suppressed. we engage in certain foreign currency hedging activities for the purpose of hedging the yen exposure to our net investment in our branch operations in japan. these hedging activities are limited in scope and we cannot provide assurance that these activities will be effective.
aflac japan is exposed to further foreign exchange risk through its investment in unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities. when the yen strengthens, the unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated investments will experience unrealized foreign exchange losses, negatively impacting smr. for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate and could negatively impact aflac japan's earnings and the corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
additionally, we are exposed to economic currency risk when yen cash flows are converted into dollars, resulting in an increase or decrease in our earnings when exchange gains or losses are realized. this primarily occurs when we repatriate funds from aflac japan to aflac u.s., but it also has an impact when yen cash is converted to u.s. dollars for investment into u.s. dollar-denominated assets (as described above). the exchange rates prevailing at the time of repatriation may differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned. we engage in foreign currency hedging activities to mitigate the exposure to this foreign exchange risk.
we engage in monthly stress testing related to derivatives used to hedge profit repatriation. this stress testing assures that we have sufficient eligible collateral to post in the event foreign exchange rates move against our current positions. the liquidity test is performed before any new derivative positions are entered into as well as on a forward-looking basis. the test simulates a three standard deviation movement in the foreign exchange rates over a three-month period. given that we have a large exposure to jgbs, a similar test is not performed for the derivative positions on our u.s. dollar hedge program in the aflac japan investment portfolio.
for more information regarding foreign currency risk, see the currency risk subsection within the market risks of financial instruments section of md&a in this report.
if future policy benefits, claims or expenses exceed those anticipated in establishing premiums and reserves, our financial results would be adversely affected.
we establish and carry, as a liability, reserves based on estimates of how much will be required to pay for future benefits and claims. we calculate these reserves using various assumptions and estimates, including premiums we will receive over the assumed life of the policy; the timing, frequency and severity of the events covered by the insurance policy; and the investment returns on the assets we purchase with a portion of our net cash flow from operations. these assumptions and estimates are inherently uncertain. accordingly, we cannot determine with precision the ultimate amounts that we will pay for, or the timing of payment of, actual benefits and claims or whether the assets supporting the policy liabilities will grow to the level we assume prior to payment of benefits or claims. if our actual experience is different from our assumptions or estimates, our reserves may prove inadequate. as a result, we would incur a charge to earnings in the period in which we determine such a shortfall exists, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
as a holding company, the parent company depends on the ability of its subsidiaries to transfer funds to it to meet its debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on its common stock.
the parent company is a holding company and has no direct operations or significant assets other than the stock of its subsidiaries. because we conduct our operations through our operating subsidiaries, we depend on those entities for dividends and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our debt service and other obligations and to pay dividends on our common stock. aflac is domiciled in nebraska and is subject to insurance regulations that impose certain
18
limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances by aflac to the parent company. the nebraska insurance statutes require prior approval for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. in addition, the nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. in addition, the fsa may not allow profit repatriations or other transfers from aflac japan if they would cause aflac japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of japanese policyholders.
the ability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could also be constrained by our dependence on financial strength ratings from independent rating agencies. our ratings from these agencies depend to a large extent on aflac's capitalization level. any inability of aflac to pay dividends or make other payments to the parent company could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. there is no assurance that the earnings from, or other available assets of, our operating subsidiaries will be sufficient to make distributions to enable us to operate.
the success of our business depends in part on effective information technology systems and on continuing to develop and implement improvements in technology.
our business depends in large part on our technology systems for interacting with employers, policyholders, sales associates, and brokers, and our business strategy involves providing customers with easy-to-use products to meet their needs and ensuring employees have the technology in place to support those needs. some of our information technology systems and software are older, legacy-type systems that are less efficient and require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain or upgrade to current standards (including adequate business continuity procedures). we are in a continual state of upgrading and enhancing our business systems; however, these changes are always challenging in our complex integrated environment. our success is dependent in large part on maintaining or improving the effectiveness of existing systems and continuing to develop and enhance information systems that support our business processes in a cost-efficient manner.
the concentration of our investment portfolios in any particular single-issuer or sector of the economy may have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
negative events or developments affecting any particular single issuer, industry, group of related industries or geographic sector may have an adverse impact on a particular holding or set of holdings. we seek to minimize this risk by maintaining an appropriate level of diversification. to the extent we have concentrated positions, it could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position. our global investment guidelines establish concentration limits for our investment portfolios.
at december 31, 2015, we held approximately $36.9 billion, or 38.4% of our total debt and perpetual securities, in jgbs. after downgrades by two rating agencies in 2015, jgbs were rated a1/a+/a at december 31, 2015 by moody's, s&p and fitch, respectively. at december 31, 2015, 11% of our total portfolio of debt and perpetual securities was in the bank and financial institution sector. for further details on the concentrations within our investment portfolios see the analysis of financial condition section of md&a in this report.
a decline in the creditworthiness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
we have exposure to and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including broker dealers, derivative counterparties, commercial banks and other institutions.
we use derivative instruments to mitigate various risks associated with our investment portfolio, notes payable, and profit repatriation. we enter into a variety of agreements involving assorted instruments including foreign currency forward contracts, foreign currency options, foreign currency and interest rate swaps, and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions). to provide additional alternatives to increase our overall portfolio yield while managing our overall currency risk, starting in 2012, we have invested a significant portion of the investable cash flow generated by aflac japan into u.s. dollar-denominated investment grade public bonds and hedged these bonds to yen through the use of currency forward and option contracts. the derivative forward and option contracts are of a shorter maturity than the hedged bonds which creates roll-over risks within the hedging program. due to changes in market environments, there is a risk the hedges become ineffective and lose the corresponding hedge accounting treatment. at december 31, 2015, we held foreign currency forwards and options of approximately $14.3 billion notional associated with aflac japan's u.s. dollar-
19
denominated investments referenced above, foreign currency swaps of $3.7 billion notional associated with our notes payable, and foreign currency forwards and options of approximately $1.0 billion notional used to economically hedge profit repatriation. the company's increased use of derivatives has increased our financial exposure to derivative counterparties. to mitigate counterparty exposure, we have established internal limits based on counterparties' credit ratings. our internal limits include deposit and derivative exposure that we monitor on a daily basis. if our counterparties fail or refuse to honor their obligations under derivative instruments, our hedges of the risks will be ineffective.
we engage in derivative transactions directly with unaffiliated third parties under international swaps and derivatives association, inc. (isda) agreements and other documentation. most of the isda agreements we enter into also include credit support annexes (csa), which generally provide for two-way collateral postings, in certain cases at the first dollar of exposure and in other cases once various rating and exposure threshold levels are triggered. we attempt to mitigate the risk that counterparties to transactions might be unable to fulfill their contractual obligations by monitoring counterparty credit exposure and collateral value while generally requiring that collateral be posted at the outset of a transaction or that collateral be posted upon the occurrence of certain events or circumstances. in addition, a significant portion of the derivative transactions have provisions that require collateral to be posted upon a downgrade of our long-term debt ratings or give the counterparty the right to terminate the transaction upon a downgrade of aflac's financial strength ratings. the actual amount of collateral required to be posted to counterparties in the event of such downgrades, or the aggregate amount of payments that we could be required to make, depends on market conditions, the fair value of outstanding affected transactions, and other factors prevailing at and after the time of any such downgrade. if the company is required to post collateral to support derivative contracts and/or pay cash to settle the contracts at maturity, the company's liquidity could be strained. we have implemented a liquidity test to determine that sufficient collateral is available when the company is required to post collateral and/or pay cash.
further, we have agreements with various financial institutions for the distribution of our insurance products. for example, at december 31, 2015, we had agreements with 372 banks to market aflac's products in japan. sales through these banks represented 14.9% of aflac japan's new annualized premium sales in 2015. any material adverse effect on these or other financial institutions could also have an adverse effect on our sales.
the company has entered into significant reinsurance transactions with large, highly rated counterparties. negative events or developments affecting any one of these counterparties could have an adverse effect on our financial position or results of operations.
all of these risks related to exposure to other financial institutions could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and financial condition.
sales of our products and services are dependent on our ability to attract, retain and support a network of qualified sales associates.
our sales could be adversely affected if our sales networks deteriorate or if we do not adequately provide support, training and education for our existing network. competition exists for sales associates with demonstrated ability. we compete with other insurers and financial institutions primarily on the basis of our products, compensation, support services and financial rating. an inability to attract and retain qualified sales associates could have a material adverse effect on sales and our results of operations and financial condition. our sales associates are independent contractors and may sell products of our competitors. if our competitors offer products that are more attractive than ours, or pay higher commissions than we do, these sales associates may concentrate their efforts on selling our competitors' products instead of ours. in addition to our commissioned sales force, aflac has expanded its sales leadership team to include a salaried sales force of over 175 market directors and broker sales professionals. our ability to attract and retain top talent in these salaried roles has a material impact on our sales success.
the valuation of our investments and derivatives includes methodologies, estimations and assumptions which are subject to differing interpretations and could result in changes to investment valuations that may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.
the vast majority of our financial instruments are subject to the fair value classification provisions under u.s. gaap, which specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on observable or unobservable inputs to valuations, and relates to our investment securities classified as available for sale in our investment portfolio, which comprised $67.8 billion (64%) of our total cash and invested assets, and our entire derivatives portfolio, comprising $676 million of derivative assets and $371 million of derivative liabilities, as of december 31, 2015. in accordance with u.s. gaap, we have categorized these
20
securities and derivatives into a three-level hierarchy, based on the priority of the inputs to the respective valuation technique. the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1). it gives the next priority to quoted prices in markets that are not active or inputs that are observable either directly or indirectly, including quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities and other inputs that can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities (level 2). the lowest priority represents unobservable inputs supported by little or no market activity and that reflect the reporting entity's understanding about the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability (level 3). an asset or liability's classification within the fair value hierarchy is based on the lowest level of significant input to its valuation.
at december 31, 2015, approximately 28% and 72% of our total available-for-sale securities represented level 1 and level 2 securities, respectively, and approximately 62% and 38% of our total derivatives exposure were classified as level 2 and level 3, respectively. financial instruments may be transferred to level 3 from levels 1 and 2 during periods of market disruption or illiquidity.
as such, valuations may include inputs and assumptions that are less observable or require greater estimation as well as valuation methods which are more sophisticated, thereby resulting in values which may be greater or less than the value at which the investments may be ultimately sold. rapidly changing and unprecedented credit and equity market conditions could materially impact the valuation of securities as reported within our consolidated financial statements and the period-to-period changes in value could vary significantly.
valuations of our derivatives fluctuate with changes in underlying market variables, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. during periods of market turbulence created by political instability, economic uncertainty, government interventions or other factors, we may experience significant changes in the volatility of our derivative valuations. extreme market conditions can also affect the liquidity of such instruments creating marked differences in transaction levels and counterparty valuations. depending on the severity and direction of the movements in its derivative valuations, the company will face increases in the amount of collateral required to be posted with its counterparties. liquidity stresses to the company may also occur if the required collateral amounts increase significantly over a very short period of time. conversely, the company may be exposed to an increase in counterparty credit risk for short periods of time while calling collateral from its counterparties.
for further discussion on investment and derivative valuations, see notes 1, 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
the determination of the amount of impairments taken on our investments is based on significant valuation judgments and could materially impact our results of operations or financial position.
an investment in a fixed maturity, perpetual or equity security is impaired if the fair value falls below book value. we regularly review our entire investment portfolio for declines in value. the majority of our investments are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment using our debt impairment model, while our investments in equities and below-investment-grade perpetual securities are evaluated using our equity impairment model.
our debt impairment model includes emphasis on the ultimate collection of the cash flows from our investments. the determination of the amount of impairments under this model is based upon our periodic evaluation and assessment of known and inherent risks associated with the respective securities. such evaluations and assessments are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available.
for our fixed maturity and perpetual securities reported in the available-for-sale portfolio, we report the investments at fair value in the statement of financial condition and record any unrealized gain or loss in the value of the asset in accumulated other comprehensive income. for our held-to-maturity portfolio, we report the investments at amortized cost. the determination of whether an impairment in value is other than temporary is based largely on our evaluation of the issuer's creditworthiness. we must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while we own it. factors that may influence this include our assessment of the issuer's ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. we also verify our intent to hold the securities until they recover in value. if we determine it is unlikely we will recover our book value of the instrument prior to our disposal of the security, we will reduce the carrying value of the security to its fair value and recognize any associated impairment loss in our consolidated statement of earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss.
21
our investments in perpetual securities that are rated below investment grade and equity securities are evaluated for other-than-temporary impairment under our equity impairment model. this impairment model focuses on the severity of a security's decline in fair value coupled with the length of time the fair value of the security has been below cost or amortized cost and the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer. for equity securities, we also verify our intent to hold the securities until they recover in value.
for regulatory accounting purposes for aflac japan, there are certain requirements for realizing impairments that could be triggered by rising interest rates or credit-related losses, negatively impacting aflac japan's earnings and corresponding repatriation and capital deployment.
our management updates its evaluations regularly as conditions change and as new information becomes available and reflects impairment losses in the company's income statement when considered necessary. furthermore, additional impairments may need to be taken in the future. historical trends may not be indicative of future impairments.
we are subject to certain risks as a result of our investments in perpetual securities.
as of december 31, 2015, we held $1.8 billion of perpetual securities, at amortized cost, which represented 1.9% of our total portfolio of debt and perpetual securities. perpetual securities have characteristics of both debt and equity instruments. these securities do not have a stated maturity date, but generally have a stated fixed rate coupon that was fixed at the time of issuance but then changes to a floating rate coupon at some predetermined date. most perpetual securities have call features including the ability of the issuer to retire the debt at par upon the change to a floating rate security. generally, the mechanics of the floating rate change were intended at the time of issuance to incent the borrower to call the instrument, having the effect of creating an expected economic maturity date. we believe many of the issuers of our perpetual securities will call the instruments upon a change in payment structure but there are no assurances the issuers will do so. while we have recently experienced calls for certain perpetual securities upon their economic maturity dates, there can be no assurance the remaining issuers will have the ability to repay the outstanding principal amount.
perpetual securities may contain provisions allowing the borrower to defer paying interest for a time. in some cases, we have contractual provisions that stipulate any deferred interest payment accumulates for our benefit and must be paid in the future. there is no assurance such issuers will not choose to defer making payments or will be able to honor a cumulative deferral feature.
there is also a risk that the accounting for these perpetual securities could change in a manner that would have an adverse impact on the reporting for these securities. at the date of filing this form 10-k, the sec does not object to the use of a debt impairment model for impairment recognition of these securities as long as there is no significant deterioration in the credit condition of the perpetual securities. the debt impairment model allows the holder to consider whether or not interest and principal payments will be received in accordance with contractual terms and whether the holder has the intent to sell or if it is more likely than not would be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost. the equity impairment model applied to below-investment-grade perpetual securities, by contrast, emphasizes the length of time a security's fair value has been below its cost basis and the percentage decline to determine whether an impairment should be recorded, without consideration to the holder's intent and ability to hold the security until recovery in value. the financial accounting standards board (fasb) recently issued new accounting guidance on financial instruments classification and measurement and is also working on the financial instruments project which addresses impairment and hedging. the impact of the fasb project is uncertain but could result in changes to the current accounting model for perpetual securities. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
any decrease in our financial strength or debt ratings may have an adverse effect on our competitive position and access to liquidity and capital.
financial strength ratings are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and generally have an effect on the business of insurance companies. on an ongoing basis nrsros review the financial performance and condition of insurers and may downgrade or change the outlook on an insurer's ratings due to, for example, a change in an insurer's statutory capital; a change in a rating agency's determination of the amount of risk-adjusted capital required to maintain a particular rating; an increase in the perceived risk of an insurer's investment portfolio; a reduced confidence in management; or other considerations that may or may not be under the insurer's control. in addition to financial strength ratings, various nrsros also publish ratings on our debt. these ratings are indicators of a debt issuer's ability to meet the terms of debt obligations in a timely manner and are important factors in our
22
ability to access liquidity and capital from the debt markets or other available sources, such as reinsurance. downgrades in our credit ratings could give our derivative counterparties the right to require early termination of derivatives transactions or delivery of additional collateral, thereby adversely affecting our liquidity.
in view of the difficulties experienced after the financial crisis by many financial institutions, including in the insurance industry, the nrsros have heightened the level of scrutiny that they apply to such institutions, increased the frequency and scope of their reviews, requested additional information from the companies that they rate, including additional information regarding the valuation of investment securities held, and, in certain cases, have increased the capital and other requirements employed in their models for maintenance of certain rating levels.
on september 16, 2015, s&p downgraded their rating of japan's sovereign credit risk. they also downgraded several other foreign insurers, including aflac. s&p has stated in the past that a downgrade of japan's sovereign rating would lead to a downgrade of our financial strength rating. s&p rarely rates insurance companies above the sovereign long-term rating of the country of domicile because during times of stress, the sovereign's regulatory and supervisory powers may restrict an insurer's or financial system's flexibility. although we are a u.s.-based insurer, our significant operations in japan and corresponding regulation by the japanese fsa, combined with our significant exposure to jgbs as outlined above, resulted in s&p downgrading aflac's financial strength rating to a+ with a stable outlook.
a downgrade in our ratings could have a material adverse effect on agent recruiting and retention, sales, competitiveness and the marketability of our products which could negatively impact our liquidity, operating results and financial condition. additionally, sales through the bank channel in japan could be adversely affected as a result of their reliance and sensitivity to ratings levels.
we cannot predict what actions rating agencies may take, or what actions we may take in response to the actions of rating agencies, which could adversely affect our business. as with other companies in the financial services industry, our ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any nrsro.
our risk management policies and procedures may prove to be ineffective and leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risk, which could adversely affect our businesses or result in losses.
we have developed an enterprise-wide risk management and governance framework to mitigate risk and loss to the company. we maintain policies, procedures and controls intended to identify, measure, monitor, report and analyze the risks to which the company is exposed.
however, there are inherent limitations to risk management strategies because there may exist, or develop in the future, risks that we have not appropriately anticipated or identified. if our risk management framework proves ineffective, the company may suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected. as our businesses change and the markets in which we operate evolve, our risk management framework may not evolve at the same pace as those changes. as a result, there is a risk that new products or new business strategies may present risks that are not appropriately identified, monitored or managed. in times of market stress, unanticipated market movements or unanticipated claims experience resulting from greater than expected morbidity, mortality, longevity, or persistency, the effectiveness of our risk management strategies may be limited, resulting in losses to the company. in addition, under difficult or less liquid market conditions, our risk management strategies may not be effective because other market participants may be using the same or similar strategies to manage risk under the same challenging market conditions. in such circumstances, it may be difficult or more expensive for the company to mitigate risk due to the activity of such other market participants.
many of our risk management strategies or techniques are based upon historical customer and market behavior and all such strategies and techniques are based to some degree on management's subjective judgment. we cannot provide assurance that our risk management framework, including the underlying assumptions or strategies, will be accurate and effective.
management of operational, legal and regulatory risks requires, among other things, policies, procedures and controls to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events, and these policies, procedures and controls may not be fully effective. models are utilized by our businesses and corporate areas primarily to project future cash flows associated with pricing products, calculating reserves and valuing assets, as well as in evaluating risk and determining capital requirements, among other uses. these models may not operate properly and rely on assumptions and projections that are inherently uncertain. as our businesses continue to grow and evolve, the number and complexity of models we
23
utilize expands, increasing our exposure to error in the design, implementation or use of models, including the associated input data and assumptions. given that there is risk involved with using any models, we are in the process of developing a model risk framework. our risk committee has approved a model risk policy, which describes the necessary governance related to our models.
past or future misconduct by our employees or employees of our third parties (suppliers which are cost-based relationships and alliance partners which are revenue-generating relationships) could result in violations of law by us, regulatory sanctions and/or serious reputational or financial harm and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. despite our published supplier code of conduct, due diligence of our alliance partners, and rigorous contracting procedures (including financial, legal, it security, and risk reviews), there can be no assurance that controls and procedures that we employ, which are designed to assess third party viability and prevent us from taking excessive or inappropriate risks, will be effective. we review our supplier cost structures and alliance compensation policies and practices as part of our overall risk management program, but it is possible that these cost structures and forms of compensation could inadvertently incentivize excessive or inappropriate risk taking. if our third parties take excessive or inappropriate risks, those risks could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
extensive regulation and changes in legislation can impact profitability and growth.
aflac's insurance subsidiaries are subject to complex laws and regulations that are administered and enforced by a number of governmental authorities, including state insurance regulators, the sec, the naic, the fio, the fsa and ministry of finance (mof) in japan, the u.s. department of justice, state attorneys general, the u.s. commodity futures trading commission, and the u.s. treasury, including the internal revenue service, each of which exercises a degree of interpretive latitude. in addition, proposals regarding the global regulation of insurance are under discussion. consequently, we are subject to the risk that compliance with any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may not result in compliance with another regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of the same issue, particularly when compliance is judged in hindsight. there is also a risk that any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of a legal or regulatory issue may change over time to our detriment. in addition, changes in the overall legal or regulatory environment may, even absent any particular regulator's or enforcement authority's interpretation of an issue changing, cause us to change our views regarding the actions we need to take from a legal or regulatory risk management perspective, thus necessitating changes to our practices that may, in some cases, limit our ability to grow or otherwise negatively impact the profitability of our business.
the primary purpose of insurance company regulatory supervision is the protection of insurance policyholders, rather than investors. the extent of regulation varies, but generally is governed by state statutes in the united states and by the fsa and the mof in japan. these systems of supervision and regulation cover, among other things:
   standards of establishing and setting premium rates and the approval thereof
   standards of minimum capital and reserve requirements and solvency margins, including risk-based capital measures
   restrictions on, limitations on and required approval of certain transactions between our insurance subsidiaries and their affiliates, including management fee arrangements
   restrictions on the nature, quality and concentration of investments
   restrictions on the types of terms and conditions that we can include in the insurance policies offered by our primary insurance operations
   limitations on the amount of dividends that insurance subsidiaries can pay or foreign profits that can be repatriated
   the existence and licensing status of a company under circumstances where it is not writing new or renewal business
   certain required methods of accounting
   reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other purposes
   assignment of residual market business and potential assessments for the provision of funds necessary for the settlement of covered claims under certain policies provided by impaired, insolvent or failed insurance companies
   administrative practices requirements
   imposition of fines and other sanctions
24
regulatory authorities periodically re-examine existing laws and regulations applicable to insurance companies and their products. changes in these laws and regulations, or in interpretations thereof, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
federal legislation and administrative policies in several areas, including health care reform legislation, financial services reform legislation, securities regulation, pension regulation, privacy, tort reform legislation and taxation, can significantly and adversely affect insurance companies. various forms of federal oversight and regulation of insurance have been passed by the u.s. congress and signed into law by the president. for example, the aca, federal health care reform legislation, gives the u.s. federal government direct regulatory authority over the business of health insurance. the reform includes major changes to the u.s. health care insurance marketplace. among other changes, the reform legislation includes an individual medical insurance coverage mandate, provides for penalties on certain employers for failing to provide adequate coverage, creates health insurance exchanges, and addresses coverage and exclusions as well as medical loss ratios. the legislation also includes changes in government reimbursements and tax credits for individuals and employers and alters federal and state regulation of health insurers. these changes, directed toward major medical health insurance coverage which aflac does not offer, will continue to be implemented over the next several years. while enacted in 2010, the major elements of the bill became effective on january 1, 2014. we believe that the aca, as enacted, does not materially affect the design of our insurance products. however, indirect consequences of the legislation and regulations could present challenges and/or opportunities that could potentially have an impact on our sales model, financial condition and results of operations.
on december 18, 2015, the president signed into law the consolidated appropriations act which included a revision to delay implementation of the excise tax on high cost plans, better known as the "cadillac tax." this tax was originally scheduled to begin in 2017, was previously delayed until 2018, and is now scheduled to begin in 2020. the tax consists of 40% of the cost of employer sponsored health coverage in excess of certain dollar thresholds. in general, only aflac specified disease and fixed indemnity (i.e. supplemental health) products offered on a pre-tax basis are taken into account under this tax.
the legislation also makes the tax deductible by the payer. if employers fund coverage on a pre-tax basis, aflac, as the insurer, would be liable for its pro-rata share of any tax on excess coverage, determined based on the cost of aflac coverage compared to the total cost of the applicable health coverage in which each employee is enrolled. making the tax deductible would then reduce the economic impact of any tax that is imposed and payable by aflac.
many employers are concerned about the tax and what impact it will have on benefit offerings in the future. there is confusion in the market about how the tax is calculated and who pays the tax, presenting a risk that some employers will mistakenly conclude that all supplemental health products are included in the calculation for the tax regardless of pre-tax funding status or whether an employer's health coverage exceeds the trigger for the tax. some employers may decide simply to drop coverage of affected supplemental health products, rather than convert it to an after-tax basis. during this extended implementation period, aflac will be assessing the impact of this tax; educating employers about the tax; and investigating ways to mitigate the impact of the tax. having employees pay for the coverage on an after-tax basis would exempt affected supplemental health products from the tax.
in 2010, the president signed into law the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, commonly known as the dodd-frank act, which, among other things, created a financial stability oversight council (the council). in april 2012, the council released a final rule describing the general process it will follow in determining whether to designate a nonbank financial company for supervision by the board of governors of the u.s. federal reserve system (the board). the council may designate by a two-thirds vote whether certain nonbank financial companies, including certain insurance companies and insurance holding companies, could pose a threat to the financial stability of the united states, in which case such nonbank financial companies would become subject to prudential regulation by the board. on april 3, 2013, the board published a final rule that establishes the requirements for determining when a nonbank financial company is "predominantly engaged in financial activities" - a prerequisite for designation by the council. prudential regulation by the board includes supervision of capital requirements, leverage limits, liquidity requirements and examinations. the board may limit such company's ability to enter into mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions, restrict its ability to offer financial products, require it to terminate one or more activities, or impose conditions on the manner in which it conducts activities. the council designated two insurers in 2013 and an additional insurer in 2014 for supervision by the board. on december 18, 2014, the president signed the insurance capital standards clarification act into law. this legislation clarifies the board's authority to apply insurance-based capital standards for insurance companies subject to federal supervision. although aflac is a nonbank financial company predominantly engaged in financial activities as defined in the dodd-frank act, we do not believe aflac will be considered a company that poses a threat to the financial stability of the united states.
25
title vii of the dodd-frank act and regulations issued thereunder may have an impact on aflac's derivative activity, including activity on behalf of aflac japan, in particular rules to require central clearing and collateral for certain types of derivatives. in 2014, the five u.s. banking regulators and the u.s. commodity futures trading commission (cftc) re-proposed for comment their rules regarding collateral for uncleared swaps. final rules were issued by the five u.s. banking regulators on october 22, 2015 and by the cftc on december 16, 2015. such rules may result in increased collateral requirements or affect other aspects of aflac's derivatives activity.
the dodd-frank act also established an fio under the u.s. treasury department to monitor all aspects of the insurance industry and of lines of business other than certain health insurance, certain long-term care insurance and crop insurance. traditionally, u.s. insurance companies have been regulated primarily by state insurance departments. in december 2013, the fio released a report entitled "how to modernize and improve the system of insurance regulation in the united states." the report was required by the dodd-frank act, and included 18 recommended areas of near-term reform for the states, including addressing capital adequacy and safety/soundness issues, reform of insurer resolution practices, and reform of marketplace regulation. the report also listed nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation. some of the recommendations outlined in the fio report released in december 2013 have been implemented. of the nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation that are applicable to aflac, the president has signed the national association of registered agents and brokers reform act into law in january 2015, which simplifies the agent and broker licensing process across state lines. the fio has also engaged with the supervisory colleges to monitor financial stability and identify regulatory gaps for large national and internationally active insurers.
the process of implementing the dodd-frank act is ongoing and continues to involve additional rulemaking from time to time. at the current time, it is not possible to predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, the dodd-frank act will have on our u.s. business, financial condition, or results of operations.
changes in domestic or foreign tax laws or interpretations of such laws could increase our corporate taxes and reduce our earnings. additionally, global budget deficits make it likely that governments' need for additional revenue will result in future tax proposals that will increase our effective tax rate. however, it remains difficult to predict the timing and effect that future tax law changes could have on our earnings both in the united states and in foreign jurisdictions.
compliance with applicable laws and regulations is time consuming and personnel-intensive, and changes in these laws and regulations may materially increase our direct and indirect compliance and other expenses of doing business, thus having a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, could harm our business.
we depend heavily on our telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems and on the integrity and timeliness of data we use to run our businesses and service our customers. these systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled as a result of events or circumstances wholly or partly beyond our control. despite our implementation of a variety of security measures, our information technology and other systems could be subject to physical or electronic break-ins, unauthorized tampering, security breaches or other cyber-attacks, resulting in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data, including personal information relating to customers, or in the misappropriation of our intellectual property or proprietary information. although the minor data leakage issues we have experienced to date have not had a material effect on our business, interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems, whether due to actions by us or others, could delay or disrupt our ability to do business and service our customers, harm our reputation, subject us to regulatory sanctions and other claims, lead to a loss of customers and revenues and otherwise adversely affect our business.
catastrophic events could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our insurance operations are exposed to the risk of catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, and acts of terrorism. the extent of losses from a catastrophe is a function of both the total amount of insured exposure in the area affected by the event and the severity of the event. certain events such as earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes and man-made catastrophes could cause substantial damage or loss of life in larger areas, especially those that are heavily populated. claims resulting from natural or man-made catastrophic events could cause substantial volatility in our financial results for any fiscal quarter or year
26
and could materially reduce our profitability or harm our financial condition, as well as affect our ability to write new business.
changes in accounting standards issued by the fasb or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our financial statements.
our financial statements are subject to the application of generally accepted accounting principles in both the united states and japan, which are periodically revised and/or expanded. accordingly, from time to time we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the fasb. it is possible that future accounting standards we are required to adopt could change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and that such changes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements in this report.
managing key executive succession is critical to our success.
we would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our senior management and other key executives. while we have succession plans and employment arrangements with certain key executives, these plans cannot guarantee that the services of these executives will be available to us, and our operations could be adversely affected if they are not.
we face risks related to litigation.
we are a defendant in various lawsuits considered to be in the normal course of business. members of our senior legal and financial management teams review litigation on a quarterly and annual basis. the final results of any litigation cannot be predicted with certainty. although some of this litigation is pending in states where large punitive damages, bearing little relation to the actual damages sustained by plaintiffs, have been awarded in recent years, we believe the outcome of pending litigation will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. however, litigation could adversely affect us because of the costs of defending these cases, costs of settlement or judgments against us or because of changes in our operations that could result from litigation.
changes in our discount rate, expected rate of return, life expectancy, health care cost and expected compensation increase assumptions for our pension and other postretirement benefit plans may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability.
we determine our pension and other postretirement benefit plan costs based on assumed discount rates, expected rates of return on plan assets, life expectancy of plan participants and expected increases in compensation levels and trends in health care costs. changes in these assumptions, including from the impact of a sustained low interest rate environment, may result in increased expenses and reduce our profitability.
we operate in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes.
we operate in a competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from market pressures brought about by customer demands, legislative reform, marketing practices and changes to health care and health insurance delivery. these factors require us to anticipate market trends and make changes to differentiate our products and services from those of our competitors. we also face the potential of competition from existing or new companies in the united states and japan that have not historically been active in the supplemental health insurance industry. failure to anticipate market trends and/or to differentiate our products and services can affect our ability to retain or grow profitable lines of business.
27
events, including those external to our operations, could damage our reputation.
because insurance products are intangible, we rely to a large extent on consumer trust in our business. the perception of financial weakness could create doubt regarding our ability to honor the commitments we have made to our policyholders. maintaining our stature as a responsible corporate citizen, which helps support the strength of our unique brand, is critical to our reputation and the failure or perceived failure to do so could adversely affect us.
we also face other risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition, which include:
   any requirement to restate financial results in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles
   failure to appropriately maintain controls over models used to generate significant inputs to the company's financial statements
   a significant failure of internal controls over financial reporting
   failure of our prevention and control systems related to employee compliance with internal policies and regulatory requirements
   failure of corporate governance policies and procedures
item 7.     management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations forward-looking information the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 provides a "safe harbor" to encourage companies to provide prospective information, so long as those informational statements are identified as forward-looking and are accompanied by meaningful cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those included in the forward-looking statements. we desire to take advantage of these provisions. this report contains cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected herein, and in any other statements made by company officials in communications with the financial community and contained in documents filed with the securities and exchange commission (sec). forward-looking statements are not based on historical information and relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. furthermore, forward-looking information is subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. in particular, statements containing words such as "expect," "anticipate," "believe," "goal," "objective," "may," "should," "estimate," "intends," "projects," "will," "assumes," "potential," "target" or similar words as well as specific projections of future results, generally qualify as forward-looking. aflac undertakes no obligation to update such forward-looking statements.
we caution readers that the following factors, in addition to other factors mentioned from time to time, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements:
   difficult conditions in global capital markets and the economy
   governmental actions for the purpose of stabilizing the financial markets
   defaults and credit downgrades of securities in our investment portfolio
   exposure to significant interest rate risk
   concentration of business in japan
   limited availability of acceptable yen-denominated investments
   failure to comply with restrictions on patient privacy and information security
   foreign currency fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate
   deviations in actual experience from pricing and reserving assumptions
   subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends to aflac incorporated
   ability to continue to develop and implement improvements in information technology systems
   concentration of our investments in any particular single-issuer or sector
   decline in creditworthiness of other financial institutions
   ability to attract and retain qualified sales associates and employees
   differing judgments applied to investment valuations
   significant valuation judgments in determination of amount of impairments taken on our investments
   credit and other risks associated with aflac's investment in perpetual securities
   decreases in our financial strength or debt ratings
   inherent limitations to risk management policies and procedures
   extensive regulation and changes in law or regulation by governmental authorities
   interruption in telecommunication, information technology and other operational systems, or a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive data residing on such systems
   catastrophic events including, but not necessarily limited to, epidemics, pandemics, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, acts of terrorism and damage incidental to such events
   changes in u.s. and/or japanese accounting standards
   ability to effectively manage key executive succession
   level and outcome of litigation
   increased expenses and reduced profitability resulting from changes in assumptions for pension and other postretirement benefit plans
   ongoing changes in our industry
   loss of consumer trust resulting from events external to our operations
   failure of internal controls or corporate governance policies and procedures
34
md&a overview management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) is intended to inform the reader about matters affecting the financial condition and results of operations of aflac incorporated and its subsidiaries for the three-year period ended december 31, 2015. as a result, the following discussion should be read in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements and notes. this md&a is divided into the following sections:
   our business
   performance highlights
   critical accounting estimates
   results of operations, consolidated and by segment
   analysis of financial condition, including discussion of market risks of financial instruments
   capital resources and liquidity, including discussion of availability of capital and the sources and uses of cash our business aflac incorporated (the parent company) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the company) primarily sell supplemental health and life insurance in the united states and japan. the company's insurance business is marketed and administered through american family life assurance company of columbus (aflac), which operates in the united states (aflac u.s.) and as a branch in japan (aflac japan). most of aflac's policies are individually underwritten and marketed through independent agents. aflac u.s. also markets and administers group products through continental american insurance company (caic), branded as aflac group insurance. our insurance operations in the united states and our branch in japan service the two markets for our insurance business.
performance highlights yen-denominated income statement accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using a weighted-average japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate, while yen-denominated balance sheet accounts are translated to u.s. dollars using a spot japanese yen/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate. the spot yen/dollar exchange rate at december 31, 2015 was 120.61, or .05% weaker than the december 31, 2014 spot yen/dollar exchange rate of 120.55. the weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 120.99, or 12.8% weaker than the weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate of 105.46 for the same period in 2014.
reflecting the weaker yen/dollar exchange rate, total revenues decreased 8.2% to $20.9 billion in 2015, compared with $22.7 billion in 2014. net earnings in 2015 were $2.5 billion, or $5.85 per diluted share, compared with $3.0 billion, or $6.50 per diluted share, in 2014.
results for 2015 included pretax net realized investment gains of $140 million ($91 million after-tax), compared with net realized investment gains of $215 million ($140 million after-tax) in 2014. net investment gains in 2015 consisted of $303 million of net gains ($197 million after-tax) from the sale or redemption of securities; $153 million ($100 million after-tax) of other-than-temporary impairment losses; and $10 million of net losses ($7 million after-tax) from valuing derivatives.
shareholders' equity included a net unrealized gain on investment securities and derivatives of $3.0 billion at december 31, 2015, compared with a net unrealized gain of $4.7 billion at december 31, 2014.
in august 2015, we paid off $300 million of 3.45% fixed-rate senior notes upon their maturity. in august 2015, we paid off a 5.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $41 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date). in july 2015, we paid off a 10.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $81 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date). in march 2015, the parent company issued $1.0 billion of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. we entered into cross-currency interest rate swaps to economically convert the u.s. dollar denominated principal and interest on the senior notes we issued into yen-denominated obligations. in april 2015, the parent company used the proceeds from the march 2015 issuance of our fixed-rate senior notes to redeem all of its $850 million 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes due may 2019 and to pay a portion of the corresponding $230 million make-whole premium due to the investors of these notes.
35
in october 2015, the parent company and aflac jointly entered into a 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of $100 million. in september 2015, the parent company and aflac amended a 50 billion yen revolving credit facility, resulting in jointly entering into an unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings in the amount of 55 billion yen. in february 2015, the parent company and aflac jointly entered into an uncommitted bilateral line of credit with a third party that provides for borrowings in the amount of $50 million. for further information regarding these transactions, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the capital resources and liquidity section of this md&a.
we repurchased 21.2 million shares of our common stock in the open market for $1.3 billion under our share repurchase program in 2015, compared with 19.7 million shares repurchased in 2014.
critical accounting estimates we prepare our financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap). these principles are established primarily by the financial accounting standards board (fasb). in this md&a, references to u.s. gaap issued by the fasb are derived from the fasb accounting standards codificationtm (asc). the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires us to make estimates based on currently available information when recording transactions resulting from business operations. the estimates that we deem to be most critical to an understanding of aflac's results of operations and financial condition are those related to the valuation of investments and derivatives, deferred policy acquisition costs (dac), liabilities for future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, and income taxes. the preparation and evaluation of these critical accounting estimates involve the use of various assumptions developed from management's analyses and judgments. the application of these critical accounting estimates determines the values at which 93% of our assets and 77% of our liabilities are reported as of december 31, 2015, and thus has a direct effect on net earnings and shareholders' equity. subsequent experience or use of other assumptions could produce significantly different results.
investments and derivatives aflac's investments, primarily consisting of debt, perpetual and equity securities, include both publicly issued and privately issued securities. for publicly issued securities, we determine the fair values from quoted market prices readily available from public exchange markets and price quotes and valuations from third party pricing vendors. for the majority of privately issued securities within our investment portfolio, a third party pricing vendor has developed valuation models to determine fair values. for the remaining privately issued securities, we use non-binding price quotes from outside brokers. we also routinely review our investments that have experienced declines in fair value to determine if the decline is other than temporary. the identification of distressed investments, the determination of fair value if not publicly traded and the assessment of whether a decline is other than temporary involve significant management judgment.
we must apply considerable judgment in determining the likelihood of the security recovering in value while we own it. factors that may influence this include our assessment of the issuer's ability to continue making timely payments of interest and principal, the overall level of interest rates and credit spreads, and other factors. this process requires consideration of risks which can be controlled to a certain extent, such as credit risk, and risks which cannot be controlled, such as interest rate risk. management updates its evaluations regularly and reflects impairment losses in the company's net earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on the nature of the loss, as such evaluations are revised.
our derivative activities include foreign currency, interest rate and credit default swaps in vies that are consolidated; foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures; foreign currency forwards and options used in hedging foreign exchange risk and options on interest rate swaps (or interest rate swaptions) used in hedging interest rate risk on u.s. dollar-denominated securities in aflac japan's portfolio; and foreign currency forwards and options used to economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. inputs used to value derivatives include, but are not limited to, interest rates, credit spreads, foreign currency forward and spot rates, and interest volatility. with the exception of the derivatives associated with our vie investments, the fair values of the derivatives referenced above are based on the amounts we would expect to receive or pay to terminate the derivatives. for derivatives associated with vies where we are the primary beneficiary, we receive valuations from a third party pricing vendor.
see notes 1, 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
36
deferred policy acquisition costs and policy liabilities aflac's products are generally long-duration fixed-benefit indemnity contracts. we make estimates of certain factors that affect the profitability of our business to match expected policy benefits and deferrable acquisition costs with expected policy premiums. these factors include persistency, morbidity, mortality, investment yields and expenses. if actual results match the assumptions used in establishing policy liabilities and the deferral and amortization of acquisition costs, profits are expected to emerge ratably over the life of the policy. however, because actual results will vary from the assumptions, profits as a percentage of earned premiums will vary from year to year.
we measure the adequacy of our policy reserves and recoverability of dac annually by performing gross premium valuations on our business. our testing indicates that our insurance liabilities are adequate and that our dac is recoverable.
deferred policy acquisition costs certain costs of acquiring new business are deferred and amortized over the policy's premium payment period in proportion to anticipated premium income. future amortization of dac is based upon our estimates of persistency, interest and future premium revenue generally established at the time of policy issuance. however, the unamortized balance of dac reflects actual persistency. see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a detail of the dac activity for the past two years.
policy liabilities the following table provides details of policy liabilities by segment and in total as of december 31.
policy liabilities
(in millions)                                    2015                  2014
japan segment:
future policy benefits                    $62,244               $57,916
unpaid policy claims                        2,193                 2,120
other policy liabilities                   14,023                14,539
total japan policy liabilities            $78,460               $74,575
u.s. segment:
future policy benefits                     $8,087                $7,728
unpaid policy claims                        1,609                 1,511
other policy liabilities                      119                   117
total u.s. policy liabilities              $9,815                $9,356
consolidated:
future policy benefits                    $69,687               $65,646
unpaid policy claims                        3,802                 3,630
other policy liabilities                   14,142                14,657
total consolidated policy liabilities     $87,631       (1)     $83,933
(1) the sum of the japan and u.s. segments exceeds the total due to reinsurance and retrocession activity.
our policy liabilities, which are determined in accordance with applicable guidelines as defined under u.s. gaap and actuarial standards of practice, include two components that involve analysis and judgment: future policy benefits and unpaid policy claims, which accounted for 80% and 4% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2015, respectively.
future policy benefits provide for claims that will occur in the future and are generally calculated as the present value of future expected benefits to be incurred less the present value of future expected net benefit premiums. we calculate future policy benefits based on assumptions of morbidity, mortality, persistency and interest. these assumptions are generally established at the time a policy is issued. the assumptions used in the calculations are closely related to those used in developing the gross premiums for a policy. as required by u.s. gaap, we also include a provision for adverse deviation, which is intended to accommodate adverse fluctuations in actual experience.
37
unpaid policy claims include those claims that have been incurred and are in the process of payment as well as an estimate of those claims that have been incurred but have not yet been reported to us. we compute unpaid policy claims on a non-discounted basis using statistical analyses of historical claims payments, adjusted for current trends and changed conditions. we update the assumptions underlying the estimate of unpaid policy claims regularly and incorporate our historical experience as well as other data that provides information regarding our outstanding liability.
our insurance products provide fixed-benefit amounts per occurrence that are not subject to medical-cost inflation. furthermore, our business is widely dispersed in both the united states and japan. this geographic dispersion and the nature of our benefit structure mitigate the risk of a significant unexpected increase in claims payments due to epidemics and events of a catastrophic nature. claims incurred under aflac's policies are generally reported and paid in a relatively short time frame. the unpaid claims liability is sensitive to morbidity assumptions, in particular, severity and frequency of claims. severity is the ultimate size of a claim, and frequency is the number of claims incurred. our claims experience is primarily related to the demographics of our policyholders.
as a part of our established financial reporting and accounting practices and controls, we perform detailed annual actuarial reviews of our policyholder liabilities (gross premium valuation analysis) and reflect the results of those reviews in our results of operations and financial condition as required by u.s. gaap. for aflac japan, our annual review in 2015 indicated that we needed to strengthen the liability associated with a block of care policies, primarily due to low investment yields. we strengthened our future policy benefits liability by $18 million in 2015 as a result of this review. our review in 2014 and 2013 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in japan. for aflac u.s., our annual reviews in 2015 and 2014 indicated no need to strengthen liabilities associated with policies in the united states. our review in 2013 indicated that we needed to strengthen the liability associated primarily with long-term care in the united states. we strengthened our future policy benefits liability by $20 million in 2013 as a result of this review.
the table below reflects the growth of the future policy benefits liability for the years ended december 31.
future policy benefits
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)            2015                  2014                  2013
aflac u.s.                                        $8,087               $7,728                $7,354
growth rate                                          4.6   %              5.1    %              6.1    %
aflac japan                                      $62,244              $57,916               $61,780
growth rate                                          7.5   %             (6.3   )%            (11.1   )%
consolidated                                     $69,687              $65,646               $69,136
growth rate                                          6.2   %             (5.0   )%             (9.6   )%
yen/dollar exchange rate (end of period)          120.61               120.55                105.39
aflac japan (in yen)                               7,507                6,982                 6,511
growth rate                                          7.5   %              7.2    %              8.2    %
the growth of the future policy benefits liability in yen for aflac japan and in dollars for aflac u.s. has been due to the aging of our in-force block of business and the addition of new business.
in computing the estimate of unpaid policy claims, we consider many factors, including the benefits and amounts available under the policy; the volume and demographics of the policies exposed to claims; and internal business practices, such as incurred date assignment and current claim administrative practices. we monitor these conditions closely and make adjustments to the liability as actual experience emerges. claim levels are generally stable from period to period; however, fluctuations in claim levels may occur. in calculating the unpaid policy claim liability, we do not calculate a range of estimates. the following table shows the expected sensitivity of the unpaid policy claims liability as of december 31, 2015, to changes in severity and frequency of claims.
38
sensitivity of unpaid policy claims liability
(in millions)                                                                                                total severity total frequency   decrease               decrease               unchanged                       increase               increase by 2%                  by 1%                                                     by 1%                  by 2%
increase by 2%           $0                    $22                    $44                    $66                    $88
increase by 1%          (21   )          0                      22                            44                     66
unchanged               (43   )                (22   )          0                             22                     44
decrease by 1%          (64   )                (43   )                (22   )                  0                     22
decrease by 2%          (85   )                (64   )                (43   )                (21   )                  0
other policy liabilities, which accounted for 16% of total policy liabilities as of december 31, 2015, consisted primarily of discounted advance premiums on deposit from policyholders in conjunction with their purchase of certain aflac japan insurance products. these advanced premiums are deferred upon collection and recognized as premium revenue over the contractual premium payment period. advanced premiums represented 43% and 47% of the december 31, 2015 and 2014 other policy liabilities balances, respectively. see the aflac japan segment subsection of this md&a for further information.
income taxes income tax provisions are generally based on pretax earnings reported for financial statement purposes, which differ from those amounts used in preparing our income tax returns. deferred income taxes are recognized for temporary differences between the financial reporting basis and income tax basis of assets and liabilities, based on enacted tax laws and statutory tax rates applicable to the periods in which we expect the temporary differences to reverse. the evaluation of a tax position in accordance with u.s. gaap is a two-step process. under the first step, the enterprise determines whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by taxing authorities. the second step is measurement, whereby a tax position that meets the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold is measured to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. a valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that an amount will not be realized. the determination of a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets requires management to make certain judgments and assumptions.
in evaluating the ability to recover deferred tax assets, our management considers all available evidence, including taxable income in open carry back years, the existence of cumulative losses in the most recent years, forecasted earnings, future taxable income exclusive of reversing temporary differences and carryforwards, future taxable temporary difference reversals, and prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. in the event we determine it is not more likely than not that we will be able to realize all or part of our deferred tax assets in the future, a valuation allowance would be charged to earnings in the period such determination is made. likewise, if it is later determined that it is more likely than not that those deferred tax assets would be realized, the previously provided valuation allowance would be reversed. future economic conditions and market volatility, including increases in interest rates or widening credit spreads, can adversely impact the company's tax planning strategies and in particular the company's ability to utilize tax benefits on previously recognized capital losses. our judgments and assumptions are subject to change given the inherent uncertainty in predicting future performance and specific industry and investment market conditions.
interest rates and credit spreads in both the united states and japan are not the only factors that impact the company's unrealized gain/loss position and the evaluation of a need for a valuation allowance on the company's deferred tax asset, but they do have a direct and significant effect on both. based on our methodology described above for evaluating the need for a valuation allowance, we have determined that it is more likely than not that our deferred tax assets will be realized in the future, therefore we have not recorded a valuation allowance as of december 31, 2015.
see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
new accounting pronouncements during the last three years, various accounting standard-setting bodies have been active in soliciting comments and issuing statements, interpretations and exposure drafts. for information on new accounting pronouncements and the impact, if any, on our financial position or results of operations, see note 1 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
39
results of operations the following discussion includes references to our performance measures, operating earnings and operating earnings per diluted share, that are not based on u.s. gaap. operating earnings is the measure of segment profit or loss we use to evaluate segment performance and allocate resources. consistent with u.s. gaap accounting guidance for segment reporting, operating earnings is our measure of segment performance. aflac believes that an analysis of operating earnings is vitally important to an understanding of our underlying profitability drivers and trends of our insurance business. furthermore, because a significant portion of our business is conducted in japan, we believe it is equally important to understand the impact of translating japanese yen into u.s. dollars.
aflac defines operating earnings (a non-u.s. gaap financial measure) as the profits derived from operations. operating earnings includes interest cash flows associated with notes payable but excludes items that cannot be predicted or that are outside of management's control, such as realized investment gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities; nonrecurring items; and other non-operating income (loss) from net earnings. aflac's derivative activities are primarily used to hedge foreign exchange and interest rate risk in our investment portfolio as well as manage foreign exchange risk for certain notes payable and forecasted cash flows denominated in yen. our management uses operating earnings to evaluate the financial performance of aflac's insurance operations because realized gains and losses from securities transactions, impairments, and derivative and hedging activities, as well as other and nonrecurring items, tend to be driven by general economic conditions and events or related to infrequent activities not directly associated with the company's insurance operations, and therefore may obscure the underlying fundamentals and trends in aflac's insurance operations.
the following table is a reconciliation of items impacting operating and net earnings and operating and net earnings per diluted share for the years ended december 31.
reconciliation of operating earnings to net earnings in millions         per diluted share
2015                                                                          2014                  2013                2015   2014              2013
operating earnings                                $2,670                $2,797                $2,887             $6.16             $6.16             $6.18
items impacting net earnings, net of tax:
realized investment gains (losses):
securities transactions and impairments               97                   119                    41                 .23       .26               .09
impact of derivative and hedging activities:
hedge costs related to foreign currency              (88   )               (24   )               (17   )         (.20      )       (.05      )       (.04      )
investments other derivative and hedging activities               27       (1)          16       (1)         229       (1)   .06           .03               .49
other and non-recurring income (loss)               (173   )   (2)          43                    18             (.40      )   .10               .04
net earnings                                      $2,533                $2,951                $3,158             $5.85             $6.50             $6.76
(1) excludes a gain of $54, $28 and $6, after tax, in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to the interest rate component of the change in fair value of foreign currency swaps on notes payable which is classified as an operating gain when analyzing segment operations
(2) includes a loss of $13, after tax, in 2015 related to the change in value of yen repatriation received in advance of settlement of certain foreign currency derivatives. this loss was offset by derivative gains included in other derivative and hedging activities.
realized investment gains and losses our investment strategy is to invest in fixed-maturity securities to provide a reliable stream of investment income, which is one of the drivers of the company's growth and profitability. this investment strategy incorporates asset-liability matching (alm) to align the expected cash flows of the portfolio to the needs of the company's liability structure. we do not purchase securities with the intent of generating capital gains or losses. however, investment gains and losses may be realized as a result of changes in the financial markets and the creditworthiness of specific issuers, tax planning strategies, and/or general portfolio management and rebalancing. the realization of investment gains and losses is independent of the underwriting and administration of our insurance products, which are the principal drivers of our profitability.
40
securities transactions and impairments during 2015, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $303 million ($197 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains primarily resulted from sales of japanese government bonds (jgbs) as part of a portfolio repositioning exercise. we realized pretax investment losses of $153 million ($100 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities. investment losses were primarily related to the recognition of an other-than-temporary impairment loss on a single holding.
during 2014, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $215 million ($140 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains primarily resulted from gains on sales of jgbs and our u.s. treasury holdings, currency gains from transactions by our externally managed portfolio of u.s. dollar-denominated bank loans, and assorted other bond sales and calls. we realized pretax investment losses of $31 million ($20 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities.
during 2013, we realized pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $262 million ($170 million after-tax) from sales and redemptions of securities. these net gains primarily resulted from sales of jgbs as part of a portfolio repositioning exercise. we also realized modest gains from bond tender offers of several of our holdings. we realized pretax investment losses of $199 million ($129 million after-tax) as a result of the recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain securities.
see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more details on these investment activities.
the following table details our pretax impairment losses by investment category for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                                      2015            2014              2013
perpetual securities                                             $0              $0               $70
corporate bonds                                                  17              31               102
bank/financial institution bonds                                135               0                 0
sovereign and supranational                                       0               0                26
equity securities                                                 1               0                 1
total other-than-temporary impairment losses realized (1)      $153             $31              $199
(1) includes $131 and $45 for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2013, respectively, for credit-related impairments; $26 for the year ended december 31, 2013 for impairments due to severity and duration of decline in fair value; and $22, $31 and $128 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, from change in intent to sell securities impact of derivative and hedging activities our derivative activities include foreign currency swaps and credit default swaps held in consolidated vies; foreign currency forwards and options, interest rate swaptions and futures on certain fixed-maturity securities; foreign currency forwards and options that economically hedge certain portions of forecasted cash flows denominated in yen; and foreign currency swaps associated with certain senior notes and our subordinated debentures. during 2015, we realized pretax investment losses, net of gains, of $10 million ($7 million after-tax), compared with pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $31 million ($20 million after-tax) in 2014 and pretax investment gains, net of losses, of $336 million ($218 million after-tax) in 2013 as a result of valuing these derivatives, net of the effects of hedge accounting. for a description of other items that could be included in the impact of derivative and hedging activities, see the hedging activities subsection of md&a and note 4 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
for additional information regarding realized investment gains and losses, see notes 3 and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other and non-recurring items during the second quarter of 2015, the make-whole premium paid to the investors of our 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes for the early redemption of those notes was recorded as a $230 million pretax non-operating loss ($150 million after-tax, or $.35 per diluted share). the company also includes the accounting impacts of remeasurement associated with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate as an other non-operating item.
41
foreign currency translation aflac japan's premiums and most of its investment income are received in yen. claims and expenses are paid in yen, and we have yen-denominated assets that support yen-denominated policy liabilities. these and other yen-denominated financial statement items are translated into dollars for financial reporting purposes. we translate aflac japan's yen-denominated income statement into dollars using an average exchange rate for the reporting period, and we translate its yen-denominated balance sheet using the exchange rate at the end of the period.
due to the size of aflac japan, where our functional currency is the japanese yen, fluctuations in the yen/dollar exchange rate can have a significant effect on our reported results. in periods when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars results in fewer dollars being reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars results in more dollars being reported. consequently, yen weakening has the effect of suppressing current period results in relation to the comparable prior period, while yen strengthening has the effect of magnifying current period results in relation to the comparable prior period. as a result, we view foreign currency translation as a financial reporting issue for aflac rather than an economic event to our company or shareholders. because changes in exchange rates distort the growth rates of our operations, management evaluates aflac's financial performance excluding the impact of foreign currency translation.
income taxes our combined u.s. and japanese effective income tax rate on pretax earnings was 34.4% in 2015, 34.3% in 2014 and 34.4% in 2013. total income taxes were $1.3 billion in 2015, compared with $1.5 billion in 2014 and $1.7 billion in 2013. japanese income taxes on aflac japan's results account for most of our consolidated income tax expense. see note 10 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
earnings guidance our original objective for 2015 was to increase operating earnings per diluted share by 2% to 7% over 2014, and we revised the objective during the year to a 4% to 7% increase, excluding the effect of foreign currency translation. in april 2015, we executed a make-whole transaction to enhance our consolidated capital position (see the capital resources and liquidity section of this md&a for further discussion). as a result of this transaction, we incurred a non-operating charge of $.35 to operating earnings per diluted share in the second quarter of 2015. however, operating earnings per diluted share benefited by approximately $.07 for the full year 2015 due to a net reduction in interest expense. we reported 2015 net earnings per diluted share of $5.85. adjusting that number for after-tax realized investment gains ($.09 per diluted share), other non-operating expense ($.40 per diluted share), and foreign currency translation (an expense of $.46 per diluted share), we finished the year above the top of the target range with a 7.5% increase in operating earnings per diluted share.
stronger than expected earnings growth from 2015 will create tough comparisons in 2016. our objective for 2016 is to produce stable operating earnings per diluted share of $6.17 to $6.41, assuming the average exchange rate in 2015 of 120.99 yen to the dollar. with volatile financial markets and interest rates at significantly depressed levels, it is difficult to safely invest cash flows at attractive yields. additionally, 2016 benefit ratios in both the u.s. and japan anticipate continued favorable experience. if we achieve our objective for 2016, the following table shows the likely results for operating earnings per diluted share, including the impact of foreign currency translation using various yen/dollar exchange rate scenarios.
2016 operating earnings per diluted share scenarios(1)
weighted-average   operating earnings                    % growth   yen impact yen/dollar    per diluted share                   over 2015
exchange rate
110         $6.49 - 6.73        5.4        -    9.3%        $.32
115          6.34 - 6.58        2.9        -     6.8   .17
120.99(2)          6.17 - 6.41         .2        -     4.1   .00
125          6.07 - 6.31       (1.5   )    -     2.4        (.10      )
130          5.95 - 6.19       (3.4   )    -      .5        (.22      )
(1)excludes realized investment gains/losses (securities transactions, impairments, and the impact of derivative and hedging activities), nonrecurring items, and other non-operating income (loss) in 2016 and 2015
(2)actual 2015 weighted-average exchange rate
42
insurance operations aflac's insurance business consists of two segments: aflac japan and aflac u.s. aflac japan, which operates as a branch of aflac, is the principal contributor to consolidated earnings. u.s. gaap financial reporting requires that a company report financial and descriptive information about operating segments in its annual and interim period financial statements. furthermore, we are required to report a measure of segment profit or loss, certain revenue and expense items, and segment assets.
we evaluate our sales efforts using new annualized premium sales, an industry operating measure. new annualized premium sales, which include both new sales and the incremental increase in premiums due to conversions, represent the premiums that we would collect over a 12-month period, assuming the policies remain in force. for aflac japan, new annualized premium sales are determined by applications submitted during the reporting period. for aflac u.s., new annualized premium sales are determined by applications that are issued during the reporting period. premium income, or earned premiums, is a financial performance measure that reflects collected or due premiums that have been earned ratably on policies in force during the reporting period.
aflac japan segment aflac japan pretax operating earnings changes in aflac japan's pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                2015                 2014                2013
net premium income                                    $12,046              $13,861             $14,982
net investment income:
yen-denominated investment income                       1,227                1,429               1,497
dollar-denominated investment income                    1,209                1,233               1,154
net investment income                                   2,436                2,662               2,651
other income (loss)                                        31                   32                  55
total operating revenues                               14,513               16,555              17,688
benefits and claims, net                                8,705               10,084              10,924
operating expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs         578                  649                 641
insurance commissions                                     719                  845                 944
insurance and other expenses                            1,336                1,519               1,551
total operating expenses                                2,633                3,013               3,136
total benefits and expenses                            11,338               13,097              14,060
pretax operating earnings(1)                           $3,175               $3,458              $3,628
weighted-average yen/dollar exchange rate              120.99               105.46               97.54
in dollars                                   in yen percentage change over previous period:         2015   2014            2013                     2015        2014          2013
net premium income                        (13.1   )%       (7.5   )%       (12.7   )%       (.4   )%      .1   %       6.8   %
net investment income                      (8.5   )    .4                   (6.8   )        4.8          8.8          13.9
total operating revenues                  (12.3   )        (6.4   )        (11.8   )         .5          1.3           7.8
pretax operating earnings(1)               (8.2   )        (4.7   )         (7.1   )        5.3          3.1          13.6
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
the relatively small change in premium income in yen for 2015 and 2014 was influenced by the impact of weak first sector sales in 2015, 2014 and 2013 in addition to premiums ceded in reinsurance transactions during those same years. annualized premiums in force at december 31, 2015, were 1.62 trillion yen, compared with 1.59 trillion yen in 2014 and
43
1.57 trillion yen in 2013. the increases in annualized premiums in force in yen of 1.5% in 2015, 1.7% in 2014 and 5.0% in 2013 reflect the sales of new policies combined with the high persistency of aflac japan's business. annualized premiums in force, translated into dollars at respective year-end exchange rates, were $13.4 billion in 2015, $13.2 billion in 2014, and $14.9 billion in 2013.
aflac japan's investment portfolios include dollar-denominated securities and reverse-dual currency securities (yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments). u.s. dollar-denominated investment income from these assets accounted for approximately 50% of aflac japan's investment income in 2015, compared with 46% in 2014 and 44% in 2013. in years when the yen strengthens in relation to the dollar, translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen lowers growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. in years when the yen weakens, translating u.s. dollar-denominated investment income into yen magnifies growth rates for net investment income, total operating revenues, and pretax operating earnings in yen terms. excluding foreign currency changes from the respective prior year, u.s. dollar-denominated investment income accounted for approximately 46% of aflac japan's investment income during 2015, compared with 44% in 2014 and 39% in 2013.
the following table illustrates the effect of translating aflac japan's u.s. dollar-denominated investment income and related items into yen by comparing certain segment results with those that would have been reported had yen/dollar exchange rates remained unchanged from the prior year.
aflac japan percentage changes over prior year
(yen operating results)
including foreign       excluding foreign currency changes       currency changes(2)
2015                                              2014           2013   2015            2014                   2013
net investment income          4.8   %        8.8    %      13.9    %       (1.9   )%   4.8       %        4.7    %
total operating revenues        .5            1.3            7.8            (.6    )    .7                 6.4
pretax operating earnings(1)   5.3            3.1           13.6        .4              .3                 7.0
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
(2)amounts excluding foreign currency changes on u.s. dollar-denominated items were determined using the same yen/dollar exchange rate for the current year as each respective prior year.
the following table presents a summary of operating ratios in yen terms for aflac japan for the years ended december 31.
ratios to total revenues:                                2015          2014          2013
benefits and claims, net                            60.0   %       60.9   %      61.7   %
operating expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs    4.0            3.9           3.6
insurance commissions                                5.0            5.1           5.3
insurance and other expenses                         9.1            9.2           8.9
total operating expenses                            18.1           18.2          17.8
pretax operating earnings(1)                        21.9           20.9          20.5
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
in 2015, the benefit ratio decreased compared with 2014, resulting from the impact of reinsurance; changes in foreign currency; and favorable claims experience. the three reinsurance agreements that we entered into since the end of the third quarter of 2013 reduced the benefit ratio by approximately 99 basis points for 2015. the benefit ratio has also been influenced by the effect of low investment yields, which impacts our profit margin by reducing the spread between investment yields and required interest on policy reserves (see table and discussion in the interest rate risk subsection of this md&a). in 2015, the operating expense ratio remained relatively stable, compared with 2014. in total, the pretax operating profit margin improved in 2015, compared with 2014. for 2016, we anticipate the pretax operating profit margin to be comparable with the 2015 and 2014 levels.
44
aflac japan sales the following table presents aflac japan's new annualized premium sales for the years ended december 31.
in dollars                                            in yen
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)           2015   2014                 2013                        2015              2014              2013
new annualized premium sales                      $997               $1,080               $1,539          120.9            114.5             149.3
increase (decrease) over prior period             (7.7   )%           (29.8   )%           (41.7   )%       5.5   %        (23.3   )%        (29.1   )%
the following table details the contributions to new annualized premium sales by major insurance product for the years ended december 31.
2015                                     2014          2013
medical                26.4   %      31.8   %      27.9   %
cancer                 40.4          30.3          17.0
ordinary life:
child endowment         8.2          10.2          11.7
ways                   16.7          14.0          27.5
other ordinary life     6.2           8.3          10.3
other                   2.1           5.4           5.6
total                 100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
the foundation of aflac japan's product portfolio has been, and continues to be, our third sector cancer and medical products. sales of third sector products increased 13.4% in 2015, compared with the same period in 2014, exceeding the high end of our revised sales target range of 10% to 13%. we have been focusing more on promotion of our cancer and medical products in this low-interest-rate environment. these products are less interest-rate sensitive and more profitable compared to first sector products.
sales of cancer insurance continued to be strong following the introduction at the end of the third quarter of 2014 of new cancer days, which includes an exclusive policy sold through japan post. cancer insurance sales were up 40.6% in 2015, compared with 2014. aflac japan enhanced its medical product with new riders in june 2015. this revision provides better protection against critical diseases such as cancer, heart attack and stroke. with continued cost pressure on japan's health care system, we expect the need for third sector products will continue to rise in the future, and we remain convinced that the medical and cancer products aflac japan provides will continue to be an important part of our product portfolio.
aflac japan's first sector product sales, which include ways and child endowment, were down 7.3% in 2015, compared with 2014. we expect that for 2016, the sale of first sector products will continue to be down in comparison to 2015, as our focus remains on less interest-sensitive third sector products.
we remain committed to selling through our traditional channels. these channels, consisting of affiliated corporate agencies, independent corporate agencies and individual agencies, accounted for 85.1% of total new annualized premium sales for aflac japan in 2015. in 2015, we recruited over 300 new sales agencies. at december 31, 2015, aflac japan was represented by more than 13,100 sales agencies and approximately 114,000 licensed sales associates employed by those agencies.
at december 31, 2015, we had agreements to sell our products at 372 banks, approximately 90% of the total number of banks in japan. bank channel sales accounted for 14.9% of new annualized premium sales in 2015 for aflac japan, compared with 21.5% in 2014.
aflac japan and japan post holdings entered into a new agreement in july 2013, further expanding a partnership that was established in 2008 (see japanese regulatory environment). at the end of june 2014, japan post insurance(kampo) received financial services agency (fsa) regulatory approval to enter into an agency contract with aflac japan to begin distributing aflac japan's cancer insurance products at all of kampo's 79 directly managed sales offices. aflac japan has developed a unique aflac-branded cancer product for japan post and kampo that was introduced on october
45
1, 2014. in the fourth quarter of 2014, the number of postal outlets selling our cancer products expanded to approximately 10,000, and starting july 1, 2015, japan post expanded the number of post offices that offer aflac's cancer products to more than 20,000 postal outlets. we believe this alliance with japan post will further benefit our cancer insurance sales.
we believe that there is still a continued need for our products in japan. our sales target and focus in 2016 will continue to be centered around the sale of aflac japan's third sector products, including cancer and medical. although our traditional channels remain key to our success, we have developed partnerships with new channels to help increase our overall sales growth. these channels include japan post, and we are making steady progress with our sales through postal outlets. in 2016, we believe that third sector sales will be down mid-single digits in comparison to 2015. we believe that the long-term compound annual growth rate will be in the range of 4% to 6%.
japanese regulatory environment in 2005, legislation aimed at privatizing japan's postal system (japan post) was enacted into law. the privatization laws split japan post into four operating entities that began operations in october 2007. in 2007, one of these entities selected aflac japan as its provider of cancer insurance to be sold through its post offices, and, in 2008, we began selling cancer insurance through these post offices. japan post has historically been a popular place for consumers to purchase insurance products. legislation to reform the postal system passed the diet in april 2012 and resulted in the merger of two of the postal operating entities (the one that delivers the mail and the one that runs the post offices) on october 1, 2012. in july 2013, aflac japan entered into a new agreement with japan post holdings to further expand a partnership that was established in 2008 (see aflac japan sales).
in june 2013, a revision to the financial instruments and exchange act established a post-funded orderly resolution regime for financial institutions to prevent a financial crisis in the event of a financial institution's failure. this regime came into effect in march 2014, but is not expected to have a material impact on the company's operations in japan.
aflac japan investments the level of investment income in yen is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, the effect of yen/dollar exchange rates on u.s. dollar-denominated investment income, and other factors.
aflac japan invests in u.s. dollar-denominated securities, including publicly-traded investment grade and below investment grade corporate fixed-maturity securities, and has entered into foreign currency forwards and options to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of the u.s. dollar securities. in 2015, as part of our normal portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac japan increased the allocation of investments to a u.s. dollar senior secured bank loan program by approximately $950 million and to a u.s. dollar high yield corporate bond program by approximately $650 million, all of which had been funded as of december 31, 2015.
during the third and fourth quarters of 2015, we increased our investment in yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities, including new investments in exchange traded funds (etfs) holding japan real estate investment trusts. these securities are classified as available for sale and carried on our balance sheet at fair value. as of december 31, 2015, the fair value of our investment in yen-denominated publicly traded equity securities was $485 million.
see the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for further discussion of these investment programs.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, securities lending, and other securities transactions. securities lending is also used from time to time to accelerate the availability of funds for investment. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. aflac japan purchased debt security investments at an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately 663.6 billion yen in 2015 (approximately $5.5 billion), 1.0 trillion yen in 2014 (approximately $10.0 billion) and 2.5 trillion yen in 2013 (approximately $25.4 billion).
the following table presents the composition of debt security purchases by sector and equity security purchases for aflac japan, as a percentage of acquisition cost, for the years ended december 31.
46
composition of purchases by sector
2015                                                   2014          2013
debt security purchases, at cost:
banks/financial institutions          1.1   %        .4   %        .4   %
government and agencies              35.8          74.1          76.2
municipalities                         .7           1.0            .0
public utilities                      4.2           2.6           3.3
other corporate                      50.5          21.9          20.1
equity securities                     7.7            .0            .0
total                               100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
we use specific criteria to judge the credit quality of both existing and prospective investments. furthermore, we use several methods to monitor these criteria, including credit rating services and internal credit analysis. the ratings referenced in the two tables below are based on the ratings designations provided by the major credit rating agencies (moody's investors service (moody's), standard & poor's ratings services (s&p), and fitch ratings (fitch)) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal credit analysis of such securities. for investment-grade securities where the ratings assigned by the major credit agencies are not equivalent, we use the second lowest rating that is assigned. for a description of the ratings methodology that we use when a security is below investment grade or split-rated (one rating agency rates the security as investment grade while another rating agency rates the same security as below investment grade), see "market risks of financial instruments - below-investment-grade and split-rated securities" in the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a.
the distributions by credit rating of aflac japan's purchases of debt securities for the years ended december 31, based on acquisition cost, were as follows:
composition of purchases by credit rating
2015                             2014          2013
aaa              .0   %       7.7   %        .3   %
aa               .8          78.6          77.7
a              42.5           5.4          10.9
bbb            21.0           6.6           9.4
bb or lower    35.7           1.7           1.7
total         100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
the relatively higher aaa rated purchases in 2014 resulted from our decision to allocate part of our u.s. dollar securities allocation to u.s. treasuries, in addition to our purchases of investment-grade corporate bonds. we sold these u.s. treasuries later in 2014. the relatively higher purchases of aa rated securities in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to the purchase of jgbs. the increase in purchases of a rated securities in 2015 was due primarily to the purchase of jbgs, which had been downgraded from aa to a in the fourth quarter of 2014. the increase in purchases of bbb rated securities in 2015 was due primarily to the purchase of u.s. dollar-denominated corporate securities. the significant increase in purchases of bb or lower rated securities during 2015 was due to increased investment in senior secured bank loans, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings, and investment in high yield corporate bonds. for more information on these investments, see the credit risk subsection of this md&a.
the following table presents the results of aflac japan's investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31.
47
2015(1)          2014(1)          2013(1)
new money yield                                                                 2.92   %         2.16     %       2.48     %
return on average invested assets, net of investment expenses                   2.80             2.80             2.86
portfolio book yield, including dollar-denominated investments, end of period   2.80             2.83             2.80
(1) yields are reported before the cost of the foreign currency forwards that hedge foreign exchange risk of u.s. dollar-denominated publicly traded corporate bonds.
the new money yield in the table above excludes certain purchases of senior secured bank loans and high yield corporate bonds funded from the reinvestment of unplanned sales proceeds. the increase in the aflac japan new money yield in 2015 was primarily due to a large portion of 2015 new money being allocated to u.s. dollar-denominated investments rather than relatively low-yielding jgbs.
the following table presents the composition of total investments by sector, at cost or amortized cost, and cash for aflac japan ($85.1 billion in 2015 and 2014) as of december 31.
composition of portfolio by sector
2015                                                               2014
debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost:
banks/financial institutions(1)                      11.5   %      13.2   %
government and agencies                              43.8          43.9
municipalities                                         .8            .8
public utilities                                      8.9           9.3
sovereign and supranational                           4.1           4.1
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                  .5            .5
other corporate(2)                                   28.6          26.0
total debt and perpetual securities                  98.2          97.8
equity securities                                      .5            .0
other investments                                      .2            .2
cash and cash equivalents                             1.1           2.0
total investments and cash                          100.0   %     100.0   %
(1)includes 1.9% and 2.6% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively
(2)includes .2% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2015 and 2014
our highest sector concentration is in government and agencies. see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of md&a for more information regarding the sector concentrations of our investments.
yen-denominated debt and perpetual securities accounted for 72.8% of aflac japan's total debt and perpetual securities at december 31, 2015, compared with 75.7% at december 31, 2014, at amortized cost.
the distributions of debt and perpetual securities owned by aflac japan, by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
composition of portfolio by credit rating
2015                                     2014
amortized                 fair           amortized                 fair cost                value                cost                value aaa               1.2    %               1.2   %           1.3    %               1.2   %
aa                5.3                    5.4               5.3                    5.4
a                63.5                   65.4              66.4                   67.4
bbb              24.8                   23.0              23.0                   22.0
bb or lower       5.2                    5.0               4.0                    4.0
total           100.0    %             100.0   %         100.0    %             100.0   %
48
the overall credit quality of aflac japan's investments remained high. at the end of 2015, 94.8% of aflac japan's debt and perpetual securities were rated investment grade, on an amortized cost basis.
see notes 3, 4 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for additional information on our investments and hedging strategies.
aflac u.s. segment aflac u.s. pretax operating earnings changes in aflac u.s. pretax operating earnings and profit margins are primarily affected by morbidity, mortality, expenses, persistency and investment yields. the following table presents a summary of operating results for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
aflac u.s. summary of operating results
(in millions)                                                2015                2014                2013
net premium income                                     $5,347              $5,211              $5,153
net investment income                                     678                 645                 632
other income                                                8                   3                   6
total operating revenues                                6,033               5,859               5,791
benefits and claims                                     2,873               2,853               2,889
operating expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs         488                 459                 433
insurance commissions                                     585                 590                 583
insurance and other expenses                              986                 884                 848
total operating expenses                                2,059               1,933               1,864
total benefits and expenses                             4,932               4,786               4,753
pretax operating earnings(1)                           $1,101              $1,073              $1,038
percentage change over previous period:
net premium income                                        2.6   %             1.1   %             3.1   %
net investment income                                     5.0                 2.1                 3.2
total operating revenues                                  3.0                 1.2                 2.9
pretax operating earnings(1)                              2.7                 3.3                 4.1
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
annualized premiums in force increased 1.6% in 2015, 1.8% in 2014 and 2.2% in 2013. annualized premiums in force at december 31 were $5.8 billion in 2015, compared with $5.7 billion in 2014 and $5.6 billion in 2013.
the following table presents a summary of operating ratios for aflac u.s. for the years ended december 31.
ratios to total revenues:                                2015          2014          2013
benefits and claims                                 47.6   %       48.7   %      49.9   %
operating expenses:
amortization of deferred policy acquisition costs    8.1            7.8           7.5
insurance commissions                                9.7           10.1          10.1
insurance and other expenses                        16.3           15.1          14.6
total operating expenses                            34.1           33.0          32.2
pretax operating earnings(1)                        18.3           18.3          17.9
(1)see the insurance operations section of this md&a for our definition of segment operating earnings.
the benefit ratio decreased in 2015, compared with 2014, due to mix of business changes and continued favorable claims experience. the expense ratio increased in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily due to increased spending
49
associated with changes in the aflac u.s. sales structure. in total, the pretax operating profit margin remained stable in 2015, compared with 2014. in 2016, we expect the benefit and expense ratios to be relatively stable compared with 2015.
aflac u.s. sales the following table presents aflac's u.s. new annualized premium sales for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                    2015   2014                              2013
new annualized premium sales               $1,487              $1,433              $1,424
increase (decrease) over prior period         3.7   %   .7              %            (4.3   )%
the following table details the contributions to new annualized premium sales by major insurance product category for the years ended december 31.
2015                                            2014          2013
income-loss protection:
short-term disability      23.2   %       22.4     %      21.2   %
life                        5.2            5.8             5.3
asset-loss protection:
accident                   29.9           28.1            27.3
critical care (1)          21.9           21.4            20.8
supplemental medical:
hospital indemnity         14.6           16.4            16.9
dental/vision               5.2            5.9             6.2
other                        .0             .0             2.3
total                     100.0   %           100.0%     100.0   %
(1) includes cancer, critical illness and hospital intensive care products new annualized premium sales for accident insurance, our leading product category, increased 10.2%, short-term disability sales increased 7.6%, critical care insurance sales (including cancer insurance) increased 6.0%, and hospital indemnity insurance sales decreased 7.5% in 2015, compared with 2014.
in 2015, our traditional u.s. sales forces included more than 9,200 u.s. associates who were actively producing business on a weekly basis. we believe that the average weekly producing sales associates metric allows our sales management to actively monitor progress and needs on a real-time basis. beyond expanding the size and capabilities of our traditional sales force, we remain encouraged about establishing and developing relationships with insurance brokers that typically handle the larger-case market.
the addition of group products has expanded our reach and enabled us to generate more sales opportunities with larger employers, brokers, and our traditional sales agents. we anticipate that the appeal of our group products will continue to enhance our opportunities to connect with larger businesses and their employees. our portfolio of group and individual products offers businesses the opportunity to give their employees a more valuable and comprehensive selection of benefit options.
we believe that changes we made to our career and broker management infrastructure over the last 18 months are laying the foundation for expanded long-term growth opportunities. during 2014, aflac u.s. implemented tactical initiatives centered around providing competitive compensation to our career agent sales hierarchy and positioning us to more effectively and consistently execute on the u.s. sales strategy across all states. these measures are designed to more effectively link sales management's success to aflac's success. for example, we enhanced compensation through an incentive bonus for the first level of our sales management, district sales coordinators, who are primarily responsible for selling aflac products and training new sales associates. additionally, we eliminated the commission-based position of state sales coordinator. to better manage our state operations, we introduced the new position of market director, effective october 1, 2014. market directors are salaried with the opportunity to earn sales-related bonuses. we believe these changes have enhanced and will continue to enhance performance management and better align compensation with new business results.
50
one day paysm is a claims initiative that we have focused on at aflac u.s. to process, approve and pay eligible claims in just one day. we believe that along with our brand and relevant products, this claims practice will help aflac stand out from competitors.
with the evolving business market and the coverage standardization that will result from health care reform in the united states, we believe aflac's voluntary products will become more relevant than ever. our products provide cash benefits that can be used to help with increasing out-of-pocket medical expenses, help cover household costs, or protect against income and asset loss. our group products and relationships with insurance brokers that handle the larger-case market are helping us as we expand our reach selling to larger businesses. we are regularly evaluating the marketplace to identify opportunities to bring the most relevant, cost-effective products to our customers. we believe the need for our products remains very strong, and we continue to work on enhancing our distribution capabilities to access employers of all sizes, including initiatives that benefit our field force and the broker community. at the same time, we are seeking opportunities to leverage our brand strength and attractive product portfolio in the evolving health care environment. for 2016, our objective is for aflac u.s. new annualized premium sales to increase 3% to 5%, with a long-term compound annual growth rate at or above the voluntary market growth rate of 5%.
u.s. regulatory environment the affordable care act (aca) is intended to give americans of all ages and income levels access to comprehensive major medical health insurance. the major elements of the bill became effective on january 1, 2014. the primary subject of the legislation is major medical insurance; as enacted, the aca does not materially affect the design of our insurance products. however, indirect consequences of the legislation and regulations, including uncertainty related to implementation, could present challenges and/or opportunities that could potentially have an impact on our sales model, financial condition and results of operations. our experience with japan's national health care environment leads us to believe that the need for supplemental insurance will only increase over the coming years.
on december 18, 2015, the president signed into law the consolidated appropriations act which included a revision to delay implementation of the excise tax on high cost plans, better known as the "cadillac tax." this tax was originally scheduled to begin in 2017, was previously delayed until 2018, and is now scheduled to begin in 2020. the tax consists of 40% of the cost of employer sponsored health coverage in excess of certain dollar thresholds. in general, only aflac specified disease and fixed indemnity (i.e. supplemental health) products offered on a pre-tax basis are taken into account under this tax.
the legislation also makes the tax deductible by the payer. if employers fund coverage on a pre-tax basis, aflac, as the insurer, would be liable for its pro-rata share of any tax on excess coverage, determined based on the cost of aflac coverage compared to the total cost of the applicable health coverage in which each employee is enrolled. making the tax deductible would then reduce the economic impact of any tax that is imposed and payable by aflac.
many employers are concerned about the tax and what impact it will have on benefit offerings in the future. there is confusion in the market about how the tax is calculated and who pays the tax, presenting a risk that some employers will mistakenly conclude that all supplemental health products are included in the calculation for the tax regardless of pre-tax funding status or whether an employer's health coverage exceeds the trigger for the tax. some employers may decide simply to drop coverage of affected supplemental health products, rather than convert it to an after-tax basis. during this extended implementation period, aflac will be assessing the impact of this tax; educating employers about the tax; and investigating ways to mitigate the impact of the tax. having employees pay for the coverage on an after-tax basis would exempt affected supplemental health products from the tax.
the dodd-frank act, which was signed into law in 2010, created, among other things, a financial stability oversight council (the council). in april 2012, the council released a final rule describing the general process it will follow in determining whether to designate a nonbank financial company for supervision by the board of governors of the u.s. federal reserve system (the board). the council may designate by a two-thirds vote whether certain nonbank financial companies, including certain insurance companies and insurance holding companies, could pose a threat to the financial stability of the united states, in which case such nonbank financial companies would become subject to prudential regulation by the board. on april 3, 2013, the board published a final rule that establishes the requirements for determining when a nonbank financial company is "predominantly engaged in financial activities" - a prerequisite for designation by the council. prudential regulation by the board includes supervision of capital requirements, leverage limits, liquidity requirements and examinations. the board may limit such company's ability to enter into mergers, acquisitions and other business combination transactions, restrict its ability to offer financial products, require it to terminate one or more activities, or impose conditions on the manner in which it conducts activities. the council
51
designated two insurers in 2013 and an additional insurer in 2014 as a systemically important financial institution (sifi). on december 18, 2014, the president signed the insurance capital standards clarification act into law. this legislation will clarify the board's authority to apply insurance-based capital standards for insurance companies subject to federal supervision. although aflac is a nonbank financial company predominantly engaged in financial activities as defined in the dodd-frank act, we do not believe aflac will be considered a company that poses a threat to the financial stability of the united states.
title vii of the dodd-frank act and regulations issued thereunder may have an impact on aflac's derivative activity, including activity on behalf of aflac japan, in particular rules to require central clearing and collateral for certain types of derivatives. in 2014, the five u.s. banking regulators and the u.s. commodity futures trading commission (cftc) re-proposed for comment their rules regarding collateral for uncleared swaps. final rules were issued by the five u.s. banking regulators on october 22, 2015 and by the cftc on december 16, 2015. such rules may result in increased collateral requirements or affect other aspects of aflac's derivatives activity.
the dodd-frank act also established a fio under the u.s. treasury department to monitor all aspects of the insurance industry and of lines of business other than certain health insurance, certain long-term care insurance and crop insurance. traditionally, u.s. insurance companies have been regulated primarily by state insurance departments. in december 2013, the fio released a report entitled "how to modernize and improve the system of insurance regulation in the united states." the report was required by the dodd-frank act, and included 18 recommended areas of near-term reform for the states, including addressing capital adequacy and safety/soundness issues, reform of insurer resolution practices, and reform of marketplace regulation. the report also listed nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation. some of the recommendations outlined in the fio report released in december 2013 have been implemented. of the nine recommended areas for direct federal involvement in insurance regulation that are applicable to aflac, the president signed the national association of registered agents and brokers reform act into law in january 2015, which simplifies the agent and broker licensing process across state lines. the fio has also engaged with the supervisory colleges to monitor financial stability and identify regulatory gaps for large national and internationally active insurers.
the process of implementing the dodd-frank act is ongoing and continues to involve additional rulemaking from time to time. at the current time, it is not possible to predict with any degree of certainty what impact, if any, the dodd-frank act will have on our u.s. business, financial condition, or results of operations.
under state insurance guaranty association laws and similar laws in international jurisdictions, we are subject to assessments, based on the share of business we write in the relevant jurisdiction, for certain obligations of insolvent insurance companies to policyholders and claimants. in the united states, some states permit member insurers to recover assessments paid through full or partial premium tax offsets. the company's policy is to accrue assessments when the entity for which the insolvency relates has met its state of domicile's statutory definition of insolvency, the amount of the loss is reasonably estimable and the related premium upon which the assessment is based is written. in most states, the definition is met with a declaration of financial insolvency by a court of competent jurisdiction.
penn treaty network company and its subsidiary american network insurance company (collectively referred to as penn treaty) were placed in rehabilitation on january 6, 2009, and remained in rehabilitation as of december 31, 2015. as of december 31, 2015, we were unable to estimate when or to what extent penn treaty will ultimately be declared insolvent, or the amount of the insolvency. as such, we have not established any accruals for guaranty fund assessments associated with penn treaty as of december 31, 2015.
aflac u.s. investments the level of investment income is affected by available cash flow from operations, the timing of investing the cash flow, yields on new investments, and other factors. aflac u.s. has invested primarily in investment grade corporate bonds. in 2015, as part of our normal portfolio management and asset allocation process, aflac u.s. purchased $120 million of high yield corporate bonds and $118 million of middle market loan receivables, of which $53 million was unfunded. as of december 31, 2015, we had commitments of $182 million to fund potential future loan originations related to the middle market loan investment program. these commitments are contingent upon the availability of middle market loans that meet our underwriting criteria. during the fourth quarter of 2015, we initiated a commercial mortgage loan investment program. as of december 31, 2015, we had $10 million in outstanding commitments to fund commercial mortgage loans, which had not yet been funded. these commitments are contingent on the final underwriting and due diligence to be performed, and may or may not be funded. see notes 1 and 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information regarding loans and loans receivables. we are planning to invest in additional asset classes such as
52
securitized assets and alternative asset classes, all of which we believe will improve diversification and enhance long-term returns in 2016 and thereafter.
funds available for investment include cash flows from operations, investment income, and funds generated from maturities, redemptions, and other securities transactions. purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives, including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. aflac u.s. purchased debt security investments at an aggregate acquisition cost of approximately $900 million in 2015, compared with $1.0 billion in 2014 and $1.2 billion in 2013. the following table presents the composition of debt security purchases by sector and other investment purchases for aflac u.s., as a percentage of acquisition cost, for the years ended december 31.
composition of purchases by sector
2015                                                   2014          2013
debt security purchases, at cost:
government and agencies               1.4   %        .0   %        .2   %
public utilities                     15.1          16.5          13.5
other corporate                      70.2          83.0          86.3
equity securities                      .0            .5            .0
loan receivables                     13.3            .0            .0
total                               100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
we use specific criteria to judge the credit quality of both existing and prospective investments. furthermore, we use several methods to monitor these criteria, including credit rating services and internal credit analysis. the ratings referenced in the two tables below are based on the ratings designations provided by the major credit rating agencies (moody's, s&p, and fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal credit analysis of such securities. for investment-grade securities where the ratings assigned by the major credit agencies are not equivalent, we use the second lowest rating that is assigned. for a description of the ratings methodology that we use when a security is below investment grade or split-rated (one rating agency rates the security as investment grade while another rating agency rates the same security as below investment grade), see "market risks of financial instruments - below-investment-grade and split-rated securities" in the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a.
the distributions by credit rating of aflac's u.s. purchases of debt securities for the years ended december 31, based on acquisition cost, were as follows:
composition of purchases by credit rating
2015                             2014          2013
aaa             2.2   %        .0   %        .6   %
aa              4.4           8.0           5.1
a              19.8          50.8          46.2
bbb            59.3          41.2          48.1
bb or lower    14.3            .0            .0
total         100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
the increase in purchases of bbb rated securities in 2015 was due primarily to the purchase of u.s. dollar-denominated corporate fixed-income publicly traded securities. the increase in purchases of bb or lower rated securities during 2015 was due to investment in high yield corporate bonds.
the following table presents the results of aflac's u.s. investment yields for the years ended and as of december 31.
2015                                                                              2014          2013
new money yield                                                 4.45   %      4.32   %      4.06   %
return on average invested assets, net of investment expenses   5.19          5.46          5.70
portfolio book yield, end of period                             5.77          5.89          6.01
53
the increase in the aflac u.s. new money yield in 2015 was primarily due to wider credit spreads achieved in portfolio investing activities.
the following table presents the composition of total investments by sector, at cost or amortized cost, and cash for aflac u.s. ($13.7 billion in 2015 and $12.7 billion in 2014) as of december 31.
composition of portfolio by sector
2015                                                                    2014
debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost:
banks/financial institutions(1)                      10.4   %       12.0   %
government and agencies                                .7             .7
municipalities                                        5.1            5.6
public utilities                                     16.9           17.0
sovereign and supranational                           1.4            1.6
mortgage- and asset-backed securities                  .3             .3
other corporate                                      52.0           52.5
total debt and perpetual securities                  86.8           89.7
other investments                                     1.3       (2)   .1
cash and cash equivalents                            11.9           10.2
total investments and cash                          100.0   %      100.0   %
(1)includes .3% and .4% of perpetual securities at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(2) includes .9% of loan receivables see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the market risks of financial instruments - credit risk subsection of md&a for more information regarding the sector concentrations of our investments.
the distributions of debt and perpetual securities owned by aflac u.s., by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
composition of portfolio by credit rating
2015                                     2014
amortized                 fair           amortized                 fair cost                value                cost                value aaa               1.1    %               1.0   %           1.0    %                .9   %
aa                7.8                    8.5               8.1                    8.4
a                44.3                   46.2              47.8                   48.8
bbb              42.1                   40.3              39.8                   38.7
bb or lower       4.7                    4.0               3.3                    3.2
total           100.0    %             100.0   %         100.0    %             100.0   %
the overall credit quality of aflac u.s. investments remained high. at the end of 2015, 95.3% of aflac u.s. debt and perpetual securities were rated investment grade, on an amortized cost basis. see notes 3 and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a for additional information on our investments.
other operations corporate operating expenses consist primarily of personnel compensation, benefits, reinsurance retrocession activities, and facilities expenses. corporate expenses, excluding investment and retrocession income, were $90 million in 2015, $91 million in 2014 and $79 million in 2013. investment income included in reported corporate expenses was $22 million in 2015, $13 million in 2014 and $11 million in 2013, and net retrocession income was $7 million in 2015.
54
analysis of financial condition our financial condition has remained strong in the functional currencies of our operations. the yen/dollar exchange rate at the end of each period is used to translate yen-denominated balance sheet items to u.s. dollars for reporting purposes.
the following table demonstrates the effect of the change in the yen/dollar exchange rate by comparing select balance sheet items as reported at december 31, 2015, with the amounts that would have been reported had the exchange rate remained unchanged from december 31, 2014.
impact of foreign exchange on balance sheet items
(in millions)                       as                         exchange              net of reported                   effect                exchange effect yen/dollar exchange rate(1)         120.61                                           120.55
investments and cash                        $105,897                  $(32   )                $105,929
deferred policy acquisition costs              8,511                    (3   )                   8,514
total assets                                 118,296                   (36   )                 118,332
policy liabilities                            87,631                   (39   )                  87,670
total liabilities                            100,588                   (41   )                 100,629
(1)the exchange rate at december 31, 2015, was 120.61 yen to one dollar, or .05% weaker than the december 31, 2014, exchange rate of 120.55.
market risks of financial instruments our investment philosophy is to fulfill our fiduciary responsibility to invest assets in a prudent manner to meet the present and future needs of our policyholders' contractual obligations while maximizing the long-term financial return on assets consistent with the company goal of maximizing long-term shareholder value with defined risk appetites, limits, and maintaining adequate liquidity.
the following table details investment securities by segment as of december 31.
investment securities by segment aflac japan                                aflac u.s.
(in millions)                                              2015                2014                2015                  2014
securities available for sale, at fair value:
fixed maturities                                    $52,304             $52,196             $12,522       (1)     $12,940       (1)
perpetual securities                                  1,890               2,609                  57                    60
equity securities                                       493                  23                   5                     5
total available for sale                             54,687              54,828              12,584                13,005
securities held to maturity, at amortized cost:
fixed maturities                                     33,459              34,242                   0                     0
total held to maturity                               33,459              34,242                   0                     0
total investment securities                         $88,146             $89,070             $12,584               $13,005
(1)excludes available-for-sale fixed-maturity securities held by the parent company and other business segments of $523 in 2015 and
$437 in 2014.
because we invest primarily in fixed-maturity securities, our financial instruments are exposed primarily to three types of market risks: currency risk, interest rate risk, and credit risk. in 2015, we increased our investment allocation to yen-denominated equity securities, thereby increasing our exposure to equity risk.
currency risk the functional currency of aflac japan's insurance operations is the japanese yen. all of aflac japan's premiums, claims and commissions are received or paid in yen, as are most of its other expenses. most of aflac japan's cash and liabilities are yen-denominated. aflac japan's investments consisted of yen-denominated fixed income securities of $60.8
55
billion, at amortized cost, and yen-denominated equity securities of $472 million, at cost, at december 31, 2015. however, aflac japan also owns u.s. dollar-denominated fixed income securities of $14.9 billion, at amortized cost, whose fair value is hedged against currency risk as well as $7.8 billion of fixed income securities, at cost, that are not hedged. aflac japan owns u.s. dollar-denominated equity securities of $4 million, at cost, as of december 31, 2015. yen-denominated investment income accounted for 50% of aflac japan's investment income in 2015, with the remainder denominated in u.s. dollars. in addition, aflac incorporated has yen-denominated debt obligations.
we are exposed to currency risk as an economic event only when yen funds are actually converted into dollars. this occurs when we repatriate yen-denominated funds from aflac japan to aflac u.s. the exchange rates prevailing at the time of repatriation will differ from the exchange rates prevailing at the time the yen profits were earned. a portion of the yen repatriation may be used to service aflac incorporated's yen-denominated notes payable with the remainder converted into dollars. in order to economically hedge foreign exchange risk for a portion of the profit repatriation received in yen from aflac japan, we had foreign exchange forwards and options as part of a hedging strategy on 30.0 billion yen, 102.5 billion yen, 25.0 billion yen, and 85.0 billion yen received in february 2015, july 2015, september 2015, and december 2015, respectively. as of december 31, 2015, we had foreign exchange forwards and options to economically hedge foreign exchange risk on 124.1 billion yen of future profit repatriation from aflac japan.
in addition to profit repatriation, certain investment activities for aflac japan expose us to economic currency risk when yen are converted into dollars. as noted above, we invest a portion of our yen cash flows in u.s. dollar-denominated assets. this requires that we convert the yen cash flows to u.s. dollars before investing. as previously discussed, for certain of our u.s. dollar-denominated securities, we enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts to hedge the currency risk on the fair value of the securities. the dollar coupon payments received on these investments are not hedged and are subject to foreign exchange fluctuations, which are realized in earnings. also, aflac japan has invested in reverse-dual currency securities (rdcs, or yen-denominated debt securities with dollar coupon payments), which exposes aflac to changes in foreign exchange rates. the foreign currency effect on the yen-denominated securities is accounted for as a component of unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities in accumulated other comprehensive income, while the foreign currency effect on the dollar coupons is realized in earnings. the rdcs provided a higher yield at the time of purchase than those available on japanese government or other public corporate bonds, while still adhering to our investment standards at the time of the transaction. the yen/dollar exchange rate would have to strengthen to approximately 29 before the yield on these instruments would equal that of a comparable jgb instrument.
aside from the activities discussed above, we generally do not convert yen into dollars; however, we do translate financial statement amounts from yen into dollars for financial reporting purposes. therefore, reported amounts are affected by foreign currency fluctuations. we report unrealized foreign currency translation gains and losses in accumulated other comprehensive income. in periods when the yen weakens against the dollar, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported. the weakening of the yen relative to the dollar will generally adversely affect the value of our yen-denominated investments in dollar terms. we attempt to minimize the exposure of shareholders' equity to foreign currency. we accomplish this by investing a portion of aflac japan's investment portfolio in u.s. dollar-denominated securities and by the parent company's issuance of yen-denominated debt (for additional information, see the discussion under the hedging activities subsection of md&a). as a result, the effect of currency fluctuations on our net assets is reduced.
the following table demonstrates the effect of foreign currency fluctuations by presenting the dollar values of our yen-denominated assets and liabilities, and our consolidated yen-denominated net asset exposure at selected exchange rates as of december 31.
56
dollar value of yen-denominated assets and liabilities at selected exchange rates
(in millions)                                                                                       2015                                                            2014
yen/dollar exchange rates                        105.61             120.61(1)                 135.61               105.55             120.55(1)               135.55
yen-denominated financial instruments:
assets:
securities available for sale:
fixed maturities(2)                             $31,544               $27,621                $24,566              $32,178               $28,174              $25,056
fixed maturities - consolidated variable          1,016                   890                    792                1,273                 1,114                  992
interest entities(3)
perpetual securities                              1,883                 1,649                  1,466                2,458                 2,153                1,914
perpetual securities - consolidated                 214                   187                    167                  390                   341                  304
variable interest entities(3)
equity securities                                   408                   357                    318                   19                    17                   15
equity securities - consolidated variable           149                   130                    116                    0                     0                    0
interest entities securities held to maturity:
fixed maturities                                 38,212                33,459                 29,758               39,013                34,159               30,379
fixed maturities - consolidated variable              0                     0                      0                   95                    83                   74
interest entities(3)
cash and cash equivalents                           730                   640                    569                  370                   324                  288
derivatives                                       2,416                   676                    968                  596                   802                1,266
other financial instruments                         179                   156                    139                  159                   139                  124
subtotal                                         76,751                65,765                 58,859               76,551                67,306               60,412
liabilities:
notes payable                                       234                   205                    183                  372                   325                  290
derivatives                                         545                   371                  1,901                  992                 2,423                3,881
subtotal                                            779                   576                  2,084                1,364                 2,748                4,171
net yen-denominated financial instruments        75,972                65,189                 56,775               75,187                64,558               56,241
other yen-denominated assets                      8,195                 7,176                  6,382                8,212                 7,190                6,394
other yen-denominated liabilities                94,775                82,988                 73,808               92,902                81,342               72,341
consolidated yen-denominated net assets        $(10,608   )          $(10,623   )           $(10,651   )          $(9,503   )           $(9,594   )          $(9,706   )
(liabilities) subject to foreign currency fluctuation(2)
(1) actual period-end exchange rate
(2) does not include the u.s. dollar-denominated corporate bonds for which we have entered into foreign currency derivatives as discussed in the aflac japan investment subsection of md&a
(3) does not include u.s. dollar-denominated bonds that have corresponding cross-currency swaps in consolidated vies we are required to consolidate certain vies. some of the consolidated vies in aflac japan's portfolio use foreign currency swaps to convert foreign denominated cash flows to yen, the functional currency of aflac japan, in order to minimize cash flow fluctuations. foreign currency swaps exchange an initial principal amount in two currencies, agreeing to re-exchange the currencies at a future date, at an agreed upon exchange rate. there may also be periodic exchanges of payments at specified intervals based on the agreed upon rates and notional amounts. prior to consolidation, our beneficial interest in these vies was a yen-denominated available-for-sale fixed maturity security. upon consolidation, the original yen-denominated investment was derecognized and the underlying fixed-maturity or perpetual securities and cross-currency swaps were recognized. the combination of a u.s. dollar-denominated investment and cross-currency swap economically creates a yen-denominated investment and has no impact on our net investment hedge position.
similarly, the combination of the u.s. corporate bonds and the foreign currency forwards and options that we have entered into, as discussed in the aflac japan investment subsection of md&a, economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in aflac japan for net investment hedge purposes.
57
for additional information regarding our aflac japan net investment hedge, see the hedging activities subsection of md&a.
interest rate risk our primary interest rate exposure is to the impact of changes in interest rates on the fair value of our investments in debt and perpetual securities. we monitor our investment portfolio on a quarterly basis utilizing a full valuation methodology, measuring price volatility, and sensitivity of the fair values of our investments to interest rate changes on the debt and perpetual securities we own. for example, if the current duration of a debt security or perpetual security is 10, then the fair value of that security will increase by approximately 10% if market interest rates decrease by 100 basis points, assuming all other factors remain constant. likewise, the fair value of the debt security or perpetual security will decrease by approximately 10% if market interest rates increase by 100 basis points, assuming all other factors remain constant.
the estimated effect of potential increases in interest rates on the fair values of debt and perpetual securities we own; derivatives, excluding credit default swaps, and notes payable as of december 31 follows:
sensitivity of fair values of financial instruments to interest rate changes
2015                                                                                    2014
(in millions)                                            fair                    +100                         fair                    +100
value                   basis                        value                   basis points                                               points assets:
debt and perpetual securities:
fixed-maturity securities:
yen-denominated                               $66,031                 $57,470                      $67,785                 $58,596
dollar-denominated                             36,838                  32,364                       36,285                  32,865
perpetual securities:
yen-denominated                                 1,836                   1,704                        2,494                   2,304
dollar-denominated                                111                     103                          175                     168
total debt and perpetual securities          $104,816                 $91,641                     $106,739                 $93,933
derivatives                                      $675                    $675                         $802                    $692
liabilities:
notes payable(1)                               $5,285                  $4,934                       $5,835                  $5,450
derivatives                                       371                     200                        2,423                   2,101
(1)excludes capitalized lease obligations there are various factors that affect the fair value of our investment in debt and perpetual securities. included in those factors are changes in the prevailing interest rate environment, which directly affect the balance of unrealized gains or losses for a given period in relation to a prior period. decreases in market yields generally improve the fair value of debt and perpetual securities, while increases in market yields generally have a negative impact on the fair value of our debt and perpetual securities. however, we do not expect to realize a majority of any unrealized gains or losses because we generally have the intent and ability to hold such securities until a recovery of value, which may be maturity. for additional information on unrealized losses on debt and perpetual securities, see note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
we attempt to match the duration of our assets with the duration of our liabilities. the following table presents the approximate duration of aflac japan's yen-denominated assets and liabilities, along with premiums, as of december 31.
(in years)                                                           2015        2014
yen-denominated debt and perpetual securities                     14           13
policy benefits and related expenses to be paid in future years   14           14
premiums to be received in future years on policies in force      10           10
58
the following table presents the approximate duration of aflac u.s. dollar-denominated assets and liabilities, along with premiums, as of december 31.
(in years)                                                           2015        2014
dollar-denominated debt and perpetual securities                  10           11
policy benefits and related expenses to be paid in future years    8            8
premiums to be received in future years on policies in force       6            6
the following table shows a comparison of average required interest rates for future policy benefits and investment yields, based on amortized cost, for the years ended december 31.
comparison of interest rates for future policy benefits and investment yields
(net of investment expenses)
2015                                                                                                        2014                                  2013
u.s.               japan              u.s.               japan              u.s.               japan policies issued during year:
required interest on policy reserves      3.68   %          1.81   %   (1)      3.65   %          1.87   %   (1)      3.65   %          2.00   %   (1)
new money yield on investments            4.37              2.82                4.16              2.09                3.93              2.40
policies in force at year-end:
required interest on policy reserves      5.60              3.61       (1)      5.69              3.76       (1)      5.84              3.91       (1)
portfolio book yield, end of period       5.69              2.70                5.73              2.76                5.88              2.72
(1)represents investments for aflac japan that support policy obligations and therefore excludes aflac japan's annuity products we continue to monitor the spread between our new money yield and the required interest assumption for newly issued products in both the united states and japan and will re-evaluate those assumptions as necessary. over the next two years, we have yen-denominated securities that will mature with yields in excess of aflac japan's current net investment yield of 2.82%. these securities total $723 million at amortized cost and have a weighted average yield of 4.23%. currently, when debt and perpetual securities we own mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that of the interest required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. however, adding riders to our older policies has helped offset negative investment spreads on these policies. overall, adequate profit margins exist in aflac japan's aggregate block of business because of changes in the mix of business and favorable experience from mortality, morbidity and expenses.
periodically, depending on general economic conditions, we may enter into derivative transactions to hedge interest rate risk.
for further information on interest rate derivatives, see note 4 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements.
credit risk a significant portion of our investment portfolio consists of debt securities or perpetual securities that expose us to the credit risk of the underlying issuer. we carefully evaluate this risk on every new investment and closely monitor the credit risk of our existing investment portfolio. we incorporate the needs of our products and liabilities, the overall requirements of the business, and other factors in addition to our underwriting of the credit risk for each investment in the portfolio.
evaluating the underlying risks in our credit portfolio involves a multitude of factors including but not limited to our assessment of the issuers business activities, assets, products, market position, financial condition, and future prospects. we also must incorporate the assessment of the nrsros in assigning credit ratings to our specific portfolio holdings. we perform extensive internal assessments of the credit risks for all our portfolio holdings and potential new investments.
the ratings of our securities referenced in the two tables below are based on the ratings designations provided by major nrsros (moody's, s&p and fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal analysis of such securities. for investment-grade securities where the ratings assigned by the major credit agencies are not equivalent, we use the second lowest rating that is assigned. for a description of the ratings methodology that we use when a security is below
59
investment grade or split-rated, see "market risks of financial instruments - below-investment-grade and split-rated securities" in the analysis of financial condition section of this md&a.
the distributions by credit rating of our purchases of debt securities for the years ended december 31, based on acquisition cost, were as follows:
composition of purchases by credit rating
2015                             2014          2013
aaa             1.4   %       7.6   %        .6   %
aa              1.6          74.5          74.2
a              39.3           8.0          12.6
bbb            25.7           8.3          11.0
bb or lower    32.0           1.6           1.6
total         100.0   %     100.0   %     100.0   %
purchases of securities from period to period are determined based on multiple objectives including appropriate portfolio diversification, the relative value of a potential investment and availability of investment opportunities, liquidity, credit and other risk factors while adhering to our investment policy guidelines. we did not purchase any perpetual securities during the periods presented in the table above. total purchases comprise new money investments as well as the reinvestment of proceeds from investment disposals. the relatively higher purchases of aa rated securities in 2014 and 2013 were primarily due to the purchase of jgbs. the increase in purchases of a rated and bbb rated securities in 2015 was due primarily to the purchase of u.s. dollar-denominated corporate fixed-income publicly traded securities for the aflac japan portfolio. the significant increase in purchases of bb or lower rated securities in 2015 was due to increased investment in senior secured bank loans, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings, and investment in high yield corporate bonds. the bank loan investment program is managed externally by third party firms specializing in this asset class. this mandate requires a minimum average credit quality of bb-/ba3, prohibits loan purchases rated below b/b2, and restricts exposure to any individual credit to less than 2% of the program's assets. the objectives of this program include enhancing the yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates through the acquisition of floating rate assets. the objective of the high yield corporate bond investments is to enhance yield on invested assets and further diversify our credit risk. all investments must have a minimum rating of low bb using our above described rating methodology and are managed by our internal credit portfolio management team.
the distributions of debt and perpetual securities we own, by credit rating, as of december 31 were as follows:
composition of portfolio by credit rating
2015                                     2014
amortized                 fair           amortized                 fair cost                value                cost                value aaa               1.3    %               1.3   %           1.3    %               1.3   %
aa                5.7                    5.7               5.7                    5.8
a                61.0                   63.0              64.1                   65.1
bbb              26.9                   25.1              25.0                   23.9
bb or lower       5.1                    4.9               3.9                    3.9
total           100.0    %             100.0   %         100.0    %             100.0   %
as of december 31, 2015, our direct and indirect exposure to securities in our investment portfolio that were guaranteed by third parties was immaterial both individually and in the aggregate.
subordination distribution the majority of our total investments in debt and perpetual securities was senior debt at december 31, 2015 and 2014. we also maintained investments in subordinated financial instruments that primarily consisted of lower tier ii, upper tier ii, and tier i securities, listed in order of seniority. the lower tier ii securities are debt instruments with fixed maturities. our upper tier ii and tier i investments consisted of debt instruments with fixed maturities and perpetual securities, which have an economic maturity as opposed to a stated maturity.
60
the following table shows the subordination distribution of our debt and perpetual securities as of december 31.
subordination distribution of debt and perpetual securities
2015                                           2014
(in millions)                                                amortized      percentage                      amortized      percentage cost      of total                             cost      of total senior notes                                           $91,090              94.9      %               $89,308              93.9      %
subordinated securities:
fixed maturities (stated maturity date):
lower tier ii                                            2,470              2.6                         2,751              2.9
tier i(1)                                                  105              .1                            131              .1
surplus notes                                              301              .3                            301              .3
trust preferred - non-banks                                 84              .1                             85              .1
other subordinated - non-banks                              51              .1                             51              .1
total fixed maturities                                   3,011              3.2                         3,319              3.5
perpetual securities (economic maturity date):
upper tier ii                                            1,217              1.3                         1,554              1.6
tier i                                                     441              .4                            703              .8
other subordinated - non-banks                             183              .2                            183              .2
total perpetual securities                               1,841              1.9                         2,440              2.6
total debt and perpetual securities                    $95,942              100.0     %               $95,067              100.0     %
(1)includes trust preferred securities portfolio composition for information regarding the amortized cost for our investments in debt and perpetual securities, the cost for equity securities and the fair values of these investments, refer to note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
investment concentrations one of our largest sector concentrations as of december 31, 2015, was banks and financial institutions. approximately 11% and 14% of our total portfolio of debt and perpetual securities, on an amortized cost basis, was in the bank and financial institution sector at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. within the countries we approve for investment opportunities, we primarily invest in financial institutions that are strategically crucial to each approved country's economy. the bank and financial institution sector is a highly regulated industry and plays a strategic role in the global economy. within this sector, our credit risk by geographic region or country of issuer at december 31, 2015, based on amortized cost, was: europe, excluding the united kingdom (28%); united states (26%); australia (8%); japan (8%); united kingdom (9%); and other (21%).
61
our 15 largest global investment exposures as of december 31, 2015, were as follows:
largest global investment positions amortized         % of                       ratings
(in millions)                                                                 cost         total      seniority       moody's       s&amp;p       fitch japan national government(1)                                         $36,859         38.42       %    senior          a1            a+            a republic of south africa                                                 497         .52              senior          baa2          bbb-          bbb-
bank of america na                                                       375         .39
bank of america corp.                                                    207         .22              senior          baa1          bbb+          a bank of america corp.                                                    166         .17              lower tier ii   baa3          bbb           a-
bank of america na                                                         2         .00              senior          a1            a             a+
bank of tokyo-mitsubishi ufj ltd.                                        373         .39
btmu curacao holdings nv                                                 373         .39              lower tier ii   a2            -             a-
investcorp sa                                                            357         .37
investcorp capital limited                                               357         .37              senior          ba2           -             bb jp morgan chase &amp; co.                                                333         .35
jpmorgan chase &amp; co. (including bear stearns companies inc.)         295         .31              senior          a3            a-            a+
jpmorgan chase &amp; co. (bank one corp.)                                 17         .02              lower tier ii   baa1          bbb+          a jpmorgan chase &amp; co. (nbd bank)                                       11         .01              lower tier ii   a1            a-            a jpmorgan chase &amp; co. (fnbc)                                           10         .01              senior          aa1           a+            -
banobras                                                                 307         .32              senior          a3            bbb+          bbb+
sultanate of oman                                                        290         .30              senior          a1            bbb+          -
koninklijke ahold nv                                                     288         .30
koninklijke ahold nv                                                     273         .28              senior          baa2          bbb           bbb ahold usa lease                                                           15         .02              senior          baa2          bbb           -
petroleos mexicanos (pemex)                                              287         .30
pemex proj fdg master tr                                                 249         .26              senior          baa1          bbb+          bbb+
pemex finance ltd.                                                        38         .04              senior          baa1          a             a+
nordea bank ab                                                           280         .29
nordea bank ab                                                           213         .22              tier i          baa3          bbb           -
nordea bank finland                                                       66         .07              upper tier ii   baa2          -             -
nordea bank ab                                                             1         .00              senior          aa3           aa-           aa-
axa                                                                      275         .29
axa-uap                                                                  224         .24              upper tier ii   a3            bbb           bbb axa                                                                       51         .05              cc fnb          a3            bbb           bbb+
deutsche telekom ag                                                      270         .28
deutsche telekom ag                                                      249         .26              senior          baa1          bbb+          bbb+
deutsche telekom international finance                                    21         .02              senior          baa1          bbb+          bbb+
cfe                                                                      265         .28              senior          baa1          bbb+          bbb+
barclays bank plc                                                        263         .27
barclays bank plc                                                        115         .12              lower tier ii   baa3          bbb-          a-
barclays bank plc                                                        102         .11              upper tier ii   ba1           bb            bbb barclays bank plc                                                         46         .04              tier 1          ba2           bb            bb+
subtotal                                                             $41,319         43.07       %
total debt and perpetual securities                                  $95,942         100.00      %
(1)jgbs or jgb-backed securities as previously disclosed, we own long-dated debt instruments in support of our long-dated policyholder obligations. some of our largest global investment holdings are positions that were purchased many years ago and increased in size due to merger and consolidation activity among the issuing entities. in addition, many of our largest holdings are yen-denominated, therefore strengthening of the yen can increase our position in dollars, and weakening of the yen can decrease our position in dollars. our global investment guidelines establish concentration limits for our investment portfolios.
geographical exposure the following table indicates the geographic exposure of our investment portfolio as of december 31.
62
2015                                                                                                       2014
(in millions)                             amortized cost           % of           amortized cost           % of total                                   total japan                                     $39,593             41.3    %           $39,804             41.9    %
united states and canada (1)               31,622             33.0                 28,884             30.4
united kingdom                              2,697              2.8                  3,121              3.3
germany                                     2,558              2.7                  2,657              2.8
france                                      1,755              1.8                  1,747              1.8
peripheral eurozone                         2,762              2.9                  2,925              3.1
portugal                                      200               .2                    200               .2
italy                                       1,514              1.6                  1,674              1.8
ireland                                       364               .4                    332               .3
spain                                         684               .7                    719               .8
nordic region                               1,906              1.9                  2,198              2.2
sweden                                        682               .7                    973              1.0
norway                                        512               .5                    513               .5
denmark                                       332               .3                    332               .3
finland                                       380               .4                    380               .4
other europe                                2,502              2.6                  2,711              2.8
netherlands                                 1,367              1.4                  1,497              1.6
switzerland                                   246               .3                    225               .2
czech republic                                415               .4                    415               .4
austria                                       115               .1                    184               .2
belgium                                       182               .2                    224               .2
poland                                        166               .2                    166               .2
luxembourg                                     11               .0                      0               .0
asia excluding japan                        3,325              3.5                  3,575              3.8
africa and middle east                      2,478              2.6                  2,121              2.2
latin america                               2,172              2.3                  2,622              2.8
australia                                   2,135              2.2                  2,262              2.4
all others                                    437               .4                    440               .5
total debt and perpetual securities       $95,942            100.0    %           $95,067            100.0    %
(1) includes total exposure to puerto rico of $1 million of required deposits, of which 72% has insurance of principal and interest.
european sovereign debt crisis since 2008, many countries in europe, and specifically greece, ireland, italy, portugal, and spain (collectively the "peripheral eurozone" countries), have experienced a debt crisis. collective action by multiple parties including the european central bank (ecb), international monetary fund (imf), european council, and individual member states' governments had largely improved market perception of the situation across europe. in exchange for this support, affected countries generally agreed to implement a series of measures to improve their fiscal situation in exchange for loans and other aid. most countries continue to implement the prescribed austerity measures and have seen improvement in their economies, which in turn has seen their creditworthiness improve or stabilize.
the resolve to maintain the european monetary union (emu) was tested in 2015 following the election of a new government in greece, who rejected the requirements imposed in exchange for their previous support packages. after a period of tense negotiations which threatened greece's ability to remain in the emu, agreements were made which provided greece additional aid in exchange for an updated set of requirements. these actions have stabilized the situation currently.
63
although recent economic indicators show improvement from the depths of the crisis across most of the eurozone, overall economic activity remains subdued throughout the region. to support the return to sustainable economic growth, the ecb has launched a quantitative easing (qe) stimulus program.
since the crisis first began, we have taken steps to improve the risk profile of our portfolio by selling certain holdings throughout europe, including the peripheral eurozone countries.
the primary factor considered when determining the domicile of investment exposure is the legal country risk location of the issuer. however, other factors such as the location of the parent guarantor, the location of the company's headquarters or major business operations (including location of major assets), location of primary market (including location of revenue generation) and specific country risk publicly recognized by rating agencies can influence the assignment of the country (or geographic) risk location. when the issuer is a special financing vehicle or a branch or subsidiary of a global company, then we consider any guarantees and/or legal, regulatory and corporate relationships of the issuer relative to its ultimate parent in determining the proper assignment of country risk.
investments in certain european countries - monitoring and mitigating exposure our internal team of experienced credit professionals has continued to monitor the impact of the european sovereign crisis on our individual investment holdings' overall credit quality. our analysis includes factors beyond a baseline assessment of a company's assets, operations, financial statements, and credit metrics that may provide support for the instruments we own. specifically, for our investments in european banks and financial institutions, we monitor the importance of the issuer to its local financial system, the likelihood of government support, and our investment's position in the capital structure of the issuer. for our investments in european utilities, we monitor the role of the issuer in its local economy as a provider of necessary infrastructure, and we monitor the value of the underlying assets owned by the issuer. for our investment in european corporates, industrials, and other commercial entities, we monitor the general credit quality of the issuer, the geographical mix of the issuer's customers (i.e. domestic vs. foreign), the geographical breakdown of the issuer's assets (i.e. domestic versus foreign), the value of the underlying assets owned by the issuer, capitalization of the issuer, and overall profitability and cash generation ability of the issuer. we monitor nrsro actions and the likely actions for our investment exposures, as well as overall market conditions. by performing these analyses, we make a determination on the probability of timely payment of principal and interest of the issuers of our investments.
some of our peripheral eurozone fixed-maturity investments contain covenants that we believe mitigate our risk to the issuer. these covenants could include put options that allow us to return our holdings to the issuer at a predetermined price, usually par, should the issuer be downgraded to below investment grade by a rating agency. additionally, these covenants may include restrictions on the ability of the issuer to incur additional debt, sell assets, or provide collateral for indebtedness. as of december 31, 2015, all of the issuers of our holdings from peripheral eurozone countries were current on their obligations to us, and we believe they have the ability to meet their obligations to us.
as of december 31, 2015, our investments in peripheral eurozone countries totaled $2.8 billion, or 2.9% of our total debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost. we have no direct exposure to greece. apart from our direct investments in peripheral eurozone sovereign debt totaling $262 million, our other exposures as of december 31, 2015 to the european sovereign debt crisis were investments in peripheral eurozone banks and financial institutions of $488 million, peripheral eurozone non-banks (excluding sovereigns) of $2.0 billion, core eurozone1 banks and financial institutions of $1.7 billion, core eurozone non-banks (excluding sovereigns) of $4.2 billion, core eurozone sovereigns of $486 million, and non-eurozone2 holdings throughout the balance of europe of $5.0 billion, all at amortized cost. other investment risks stemming from the european sovereign debt crisis that are not possible to measure and include the impact of slower economic activity throughout europe and its impact on global economic growth and market disruption including illiquidity and impaired valuations due to heightened concerns and lack of investor confidence.
although the situation had largely stabilized across europe, the crisis in greece that re-emerged in mid-2015 demonstrates certain risks remain as the area continues working to improve its economic footing.  we continue to monitor the situation closely including the heightened interrelationship between political, monetary, fiscal, and economic forces; the pace of underlying structural reforms; the possibility of continued contagion to additional sovereigns and other entities; further stress on the banking systems throughout the region; and the impact on the underlying economic fundamentals throughout the eurozone.
1core eurozone includes germany, france, netherlands, austria, belgium, finland and luxembourg.
2non-eurozone europe includes the united kingdom, switzerland, sweden, norway, denmark, czech republic and poland.
64
oil and gas exposure as a result of the large decline in oil prices, there has been heightened attention to certain investments in the various energy sub-sectors related to oil and gas following a large increase in market volatility. our portfolio includes holdings diversified across multiple sub-sectors of the oil and gas industry, spread among multiple geographies. the following table shows the breakout of our exposure to the oil and gas industry as of december 31.
2015
cost or                       gross                       gross                   fair amortized                  unrealized                  unrealized                  value cost                       gains                      losses
(in millions)
securities available for sale, carried at fair value:
fixed maturities:
independent exploration and production          $1,270                       $73                        $139                       $1,204
integrated energy                                  575                        55                          27                          603
midstream                                        1,246                        76                         144                        1,178
oil field services                               1,155                        27                         228                          954
refiners                                           460                         6                          30                          436
government owned - energy related                  887                       182                          25                        1,044
natural gas utilities                              344                        53                           1                          396
total fixed maturities                           5,937                       472                         594                        5,815
equity securities                                    3                         0                           0                            3
total securities available for sale              5,940                       472                         594                        5,818
securities held to maturity, carried at amortized cost:
fixed maturities:
integrated energy                                  242                         9                           0                          251
government owned - energy related                  249                         5                           0                          254
natural gas utilities                              207                        18                           0                          225
total fixed maturities                             698                        32                           0                          730
total securities held to maturity                  698                        32                           0                          730
total securities available for sale             $6,638                      $504                        $594                       $6,548
and held to maturity as of december 31, 2015, the weighted-average rating of our total fixed maturity oil and gas exposure is bbb, and 93% of this exposure is investment grade. absent a major change in the outlook for oil prices, we expect the increase in market volatility surrounding these issuers to continue. this could lead to increased negative ratings activity from the public rating agencies for energy-related credit issuers. we do not currently expect our investments in these sub-sectors related to oil and gas to have a material impact on our results of operations.
securities by type of issuance we have investments in both publicly and privately issued securities. our ability to sell either type of security is a function of overall market liquidity which is impacted by, among other things, the amount of outstanding securities of a particular issuer or issuance, trading history of the issue or issuer, overall market conditions, and idiosyncratic events affecting the specific issue or issuer.
the following table details investment securities by type of issuance as of december 31.
65
investment securities by type of issuance
2015                                                 2014
(in millions)                                  amortized                         fair               amortized                         fair cost                        value                    cost                        value publicly issued securities:
fixed maturities                         $68,528                      $74,933                 $65,830                      $74,190
perpetual securities                          77                          111                     107                          154
equity securities                            473                          489                      12                           19
total publicly issued                     69,078                       75,533                  65,949                       74,363
privately issued securities: (1)
fixed maturities                          25,573                       27,936                  26,797                       29,880
perpetual securities                       1,764                        1,836                   2,333                        2,515
equity securities                              7                            9                       7                            9
total privately issued                    27,344                       29,781                  29,137                       32,404
total investment securities              $96,422                     $105,314                 $95,086                     $106,767
(1) includes rule 144a securities the following table details our privately issued investment securities as of december 31.
privately issued securities
(amortized cost, in millions)                                                         2015                2014
privately issued securities as a percentage of total investment securities        28.4   %            30.6   %
privately issued securities held by aflac japan                                $24,602             $26,468
privately issued securities held by aflac japan as a percentage of total          25.5   %            27.8   %
investment securities reverse-dual currency securities(1)
(amortized cost, in millions)                                                        2015                2014
privately issued reverse-dual currency securities                              $5,372              $6,196
publicly issued collateral structured as reverse-dual currency securities       1,303               1,470
total reverse-dual currency securities                                         $6,675              $7,666
reverse-dual currency securities as a percentage of total investment              6.9   %             8.1   %
securities
(1)principal payments in yen and interest payments in dollars aflac japan has invested in privately issued securities to better match liability characteristics and secure higher yields than those available on japanese government or other public corporate bonds. all of the yen-denominated privately issued securities we have purchased were rated investment grade at the time of purchase. aflac japan's investments in yen-denominated privately issued securities consist primarily of non-japanese issuers and have longer maturities, thereby allowing us to improve our asset/liability matching and our overall investment returns. these securities were generally either privately negotiated arrangements or were issued under medium-term note programs and have standard documentation commensurate with credit ratings of the issuer, except when internal credit analysis indicates that additional protective and/or event-risk covenants were required. many of these investments have protective covenants appropriate to the specific investment. these may include a prohibition of certain activities by the borrower, maintenance of certain financial measures, and specific conditions impacting the payment of our notes.
below-investment-grade and split-rated securities we use specific criteria to judge the credit quality of both existing and prospective investments. the ratings referenced in the tables below are based on the ratings designations provided by the major credit rating agencies (moody's, s&p, and fitch) or, if not rated, are determined based on our internal credit analysis of such securities. when the ratings issued by the rating agencies differ, we utilize the second lowest rating, regardless of how many of the three rating agencies actually rated the instrument. split-rated securities are those where the ratings are not equivalent and one
66
or more of the ratings is investment grade and one or more is below investment grade. for these split-rated securities, if there are only two ratings assigned by the credit rating agencies, we take the lower below-investment-grade rating. if there are three ratings assigned, and two of the three are below investment grade, we consider it a below-investment-grade security. if there are three ratings and two are investment grade, we consider it an investment grade security unless our evaluation and assessment shows a below-investment-grade rating is warranted despite two of the three rating agencies rating it investment grade.
our portfolio of below-investment-grade securities includes debt securities purchased while the issuer was rated investment grade plus other loans and bonds purchased as part of an allocation to that segment of the market. the following is our below-investment-grade exposure in accordance with the above described rating methodology as of december 31.
67
below-investment-grade securities
2015                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2014
(in millions)                                              parvalue            amortizedcost             fairvalue           unrealizedgain(loss)             parvalue              amortizedcost               fairvalue             unrealizedgain(loss)
investcorp capital                                        $357                   $357                   $324                        $(33        )            $357                     $357                     $332                          $(25        )
limited commerzbank ag                                             332                    213                    321                         108                      332                      213                      327                           114
(includes dresdner bank)
republic of tunisia                                        307                    185                    243                          58                      307                      185                      219                            34
navient corp                                               279                    148                    155                           7                      278                      278                      178                          (100        )
upm-kymmene                                                257                    257                    252                          (5        )             257                      257                      251                            (6        )
klm royal dutch airlines (1)                               249                    183                    205                          22                      249                      183                      231                            48
barclays bank plc (1)                                      230                    148                    228                          80                      228                      148                      225                            77
deutsche bank ag (2)                                       199                    199                    175                         (24        )             378        (1)           332          (1)         354         (1)                22            (1)
depfa bank plc                                             166                    166                    166                           0                        *                        *                        *                             *
telecom italia spa                                         166                    166                    214                          48                      332                      332                      352                            20
generalitat de                                             149                     55                    126                          71                      149                       55                      129                            74
catalunya ikb deutsche industriebank ag                              108                     46                     79                          33                      108                       46                       70                            24
alcoa, inc.                                                100                     77                     81                           4                       76                       77                      102                            25
weatherford bermuda                                         94                     92                     70                         (22        )               *                        *                        *                             *
petrobras international finance company                     91                     88                     64                         (24        )               *                        *                        *                             *
societe generale (1)                                        83                     61                     73                          12                       83                       61                       67                             6
teck resources ltd.                                         70                     69                     32                         (37        )               *                        *                        *                             *
transocean inc.                                             68                     71                     38                         (33        )               *                        *                        *                             *
eskom holdings                                              50                     50                     43                          (7        )               *                        *                        *                             *
limited kommunalkredit                                              25                     16                     18                           2                      108                       84                       88                             4
austria bank of ireland                                              *                      *                      *                           *                      166                      166                      125                           (41        )
energias de portugal sa (edp)                                *                      *                      *                           *                      118                      116                      124                             8
other issuers (below $50 million in par value) (3)         308                    290                    259                         (31        )             361                      378                      394                            16
subtotal (4)                                             3,688                  2,937                  3,166                         229                    3,887                    3,268                    3,568                           300
senior secured bank loans (5)                            1,400                  1,327                  1,362                          35                      562                      475                      549                            74
high yield corporate bonds (6)                             609                    621                    581                         (40        )               0                        0                        0                             0
grand total                                             $5,697                 $4,885                 $5,109                        $224                   $4,449                   $3,743                   $4,117                          $374
* investment grade at respective reporting date
(1) includes perpetual security
(2) 2014 includes notes issued by deutsche bank capital trust and deutsche postbank ag; 2015 includes only notes issued by deutsche postbank ag
(3) includes 15 issuers in 2015 and 18 issuers in 2014
(4) securities initially purchased as investment grade, but have subsequently been downgraded to below investment grade
(5) includes 201 issuers in 2015 and 196 in 2014; all issuers below $25 million in par value
(6)includes 57 issuers in 2015; all issuers below $25 million in par value we invest in senior secured bank loans primarily to u.s. corporate borrowers, most of which have below-investment-grade ratings. the program is managed externally by third party firms specializing in this asset class. this mandate requires a minimum average credit quality of bb-/ba3, prohibits loan purchases rated below b/b2, and prohibits exposure to any individual credit greater than 2% of the program's assets. the objectives of this program include enhancing the
68
yield on invested assets, achieving further diversification of credit risk, and mitigating the risk of rising interest rates through the acquisition of floating rate assets. our investments in this program totaled $1.4 billion at december 31, 2015, compared with $501 million at december 31, 2014, on an amortized cost basis.
in 2015, as part of our normal portfolio management and asset allocation process, we increased our allocation to higher yielding corporate bonds by approximately $644 million within the aflac japan portfolio and $120 million within the aflac u.s. portfolio. most of these securities were rated below-investment-grade at the time of purchase, but we also purchased several that are currently rated investment grade which, because of market pricing, offer yields commensurate with below-investment-grade risk profiles. the objective of this allocation is to enhance our yield on invested assets and further diversify our credit risk. all investments must have a minimum rating of low bb using our above described rating methodology and are managed by our internal credit portfolio management team.
excluding the senior secured bank loans and certain high yield corporate bonds discussed above that were rated below investment grade when initially purchased, below-investment-grade debt and perpetual securities represented 3.1% of total debt and perpetual securities at december 31, 2015, compared with 3.4% at december 31, 2014, on an amortized cost basis. debt and perpetual securities classified as below investment grade at december 31, 2015 and 2014 were generally reported as available for sale and carried at fair value.
the following table shows the 10 largest holdings with a split rating, and includes the determination between investment grade and below investment grade based on the above methodology as of december 31, 2015.
split-rated securities
(in millions)                                       amortized   investment-grade cost   status commerzbank ag (includes dresdner bank)          $213           below investment grade depfa bank plc                                    166           below investment grade telecom italia spa                                166           below investment grade energias de portugal sa (edp)                     117           investment grade goldman sachs capital i                           105           investment grade barclays bank plc (1)                             102           below investment grade weatherford bermuda                                92           below investment grade alcoa, inc.                                        77           below investment grade chicago, illinois                                  53           investment grade eskom holdings limited                             50           below investment grade
(1) includes perpetual security split-rated securities, excluding the senior secured bank loan investments and high yield corporate bonds discussed above, totaled $1.3 billion and represented 1.3% of total debt and perpetual securities, at amortized cost, at december 31, 2015, compared with $2.2 billion and 2.3%, respectively, at december 31, 2014.
for the foreign currency and credit default swaps associated with our vie investments for which we are the primary beneficiary, we bear the risk of foreign exchange and/or credit loss due to counterparty default even though we are not a direct counterparty to those contracts. we are a direct counterparty to the foreign currency swaps that we have on certain of our senior notes and subordinated debentures; foreign currency forwards; foreign currency options; and interest rate swaptions, therefore we are exposed to credit risk in the event of nonperformance by the counterparties in those contracts. the risk of counterparty default for our vie and senior note and subordinated debenture swaps, foreign currency forwards and options, and swaptions is mitigated by collateral posting requirements the counterparty must meet. if collateral posting agreements are not in place, the counterparty risk associated with foreign currency forwards and foreign currency options is the risk that at expiry of the contract, the counterparty is unable to deliver the agreed upon amount of yen at the agreed upon price or delivery date, thus exposing the company to additional unhedged exposure to u.s. dollars in the aflac japan investment portfolio. see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
69
equity risk market prices for equity securities are subject to fluctuation and consequently the amount realized in the subsequent sale of an investment may significantly differ from the reported market value. fluctuation in the market price of a security may result from the relative price of alternative investments and general market conditions. these fluctuations could impact the company's consolidated results of operations or financial condition.
other-than-temporary impairment see notes 1 and 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of our impairment policy.
unrealized investment gains and losses the following table provides details on amortized cost, fair value and unrealized gains and losses for our investments in fixed maturities, perpetual securities, and equity securities by investment-grade status as of december 31, 2015.
(in millions)                                             total                     total          percentage                      gross                      gross amortized                      fair            of total                 unrealized                 unrealized cost                     value          fair value                      gains                     losses available-for-sale fixed maturities and perpetual securities:
investment-grade securities                     $57,764                   $62,353              59.2    %                $6,091                     $1,502
below-investment-grade securities                 4,719                     4,943               4.6                        514                        290
held-to-maturity fixed maturities:
investment-grade securities                      33,293                    37,354              35.5                      4,278                        217
below-investment-grade securities                   166                       166                .2                          0                          0
equity securities                                   480                       498                .5                         22                          4
total                                           $96,422                  $105,314             100.0    %               $10,905                     $2,013
the following table presents an aging of fixed maturities, perpetual securities, and equity securities in an unrealized loss position as of december 31, 2015.
aging of unrealized losses
(in millions)                                    total                   total                          less than six months                            six months to less                             12 months amortized              unrealized                                                                              than 12 months                             or longer cost                    loss amortized                                                     unrealized               amortized             unrealized              amortized             unrealized cost                                                                loss                    cost                   loss                   cost                   loss available-for-sale fixed maturities and perpetual securities:
investment-grade                         $17,746                  $1,502                  $3,801                   $141                 $9,753                   $719               $4,192              $642
securities below-                                     2,190                     290                     809                     33                    443                     53                  938               204
investment-grade securities held-to-maturity fixed maturities:
investment-grade                           4,295                     217                   1,102                     27                  1,468                     63                1,725               127
securities equity securities                            195                       4                     195                      4                      0                      0                    0                 0
total                                    $24,426                  $2,013                  $5,907                   $205                $11,664                   $835               $6,855              $973
the following table presents a distribution of unrealized losses on fixed maturities, perpetual securities, and equity securities by magnitude as of december 31, 2015.
70
percentage decline from amortized cost
(in millions)                        total                   total                               less than 20%                                  20% to 50%                      greater than 50%
amortized              unrealized cost                    loss amortized                                         unrealized         amortized                  unrealized             amortized            unrealized cost                                                    loss         cost                             loss                  cost                  loss available-for-sale fixed maturities and perpetual securities:
investment-grade             $17,746                  $1,502                 $16,466                $1,129                $1,280                  $373               $0                  $0
securities below-                         2,190                     290                   1,737                   125                   377                   124               76                  41
investment-grade securities held-to-maturity fixed maturities:
investment-grade               4,295                     217                   4,295                   217                     0                     0                0                   0
securities equity securities                195                       4         195                                 4                     0                     0                0                   0
total                        $24,426                  $2,013                 $22,693                $1,475                $1,657                  $497              $76                 $41
the following table presents the 10 largest unrealized loss positions in our portfolio as of december 31, 2015.
(in millions)                      credit                    amortized                fair   unrealized rating                         cost               value   loss diamond offshore drilling inc.          bbb               $144                 $88                   $(56    )
barrick gold corp.                      bbb                173                 132                    (41    )
noble holding international ltd.        bbb                104                  66                    (38    )
teck resources ltd.                     bb                  69                  32                    (37    )
bank of america corp.                   bbb                375                 340                    (35    )
transocean inc.                         bb                  71                  38                    (33    )
investcorp capital limited              bb                 357                 324                    (33    )
devon energy corp.                      bbb                137                 104                    (33    )
kinder morgan energy partners lp        bbb                185                 155                    (30    )
cfe                                     bbb                265                 235                    (30    )
generally, declines in fair values can be a result of changes in interest rates, yen/dollar exchange rate, and changes in net spreads driven by a broad market move or a change in the issuer's underlying credit quality. in the fourth quarter of 2015, market volatility increased markedly, especially in the energy and commodity-related sectors. most of the declines noted above are related to issuers in those sectors. as we believe these issuers have the ability to continue making timely payments of principal and interest, we view these changes in fair value to be temporary and do not believe it is necessary to impair the carrying value of these securities. see the unrealized investment gains and losses section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussions of unrealized losses related to financial institutions, including perpetual securities, and other corporate investments.
investment valuation and cash we estimate the fair values of our securities on a monthly basis. we monitor the estimated fair values obtained from our custodian, pricing vendors and brokers for consistency from month to month, while considering current market conditions. we also periodically discuss with our custodian and pricing brokers and vendors the pricing techniques they use to monitor the consistency of their approach and periodically assess the appropriateness of the valuation level assigned to the values obtained from them. if a fair value appears unreasonable, we will re-examine the inputs and assess the reasonableness of the pricing data with the vendor. additionally, we may compare the inputs to relevant market indices and other performance measurements. the output of this analysis is presented to the company's valuation and classifications subcommittee, or vcs. based on the analysis provided to the vcs, the valuation is confirmed or may be revised if there is evidence of a more appropriate estimate of fair value based on available market data. we have performed verification of the inputs and calculations in any valuation models to confirm that the valuations represent reasonable estimates of fair value.
for those investments accounted for as loan receivables, we record those investments at amortized cost on the acquisition date and carry at adjusted amortized cost. the adjusted amortized cost of the loan receivables reflects
71
allowances for expected incurred losses estimated based on past events and current economic conditions as of each reporting date. see the loans and loan receivables section in note 3 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these investments.
cash and cash equivalents totaled $4.4 billion, or 4.1% of total investments and cash, as of december 31, 2015, compared with $4.7 billion, or 4.3%, at december 31, 2014. for a discussion of the factors affecting our cash balance, see the operating activities, investing activities and financing activities subsections of this md&a.
for additional information concerning our investments, see notes 3, 4, and 5 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
deferred policy acquisition costs the following table presents deferred policy acquisition costs by segment for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)            2015   2014                       % change aflac japan        $5,370              $5,211            3.1      %   (1)
aflac u.s.          3,141               3,062            2.6
total              $8,511              $8,273            2.9      %
(1) aflac japan's deferred policy acquisition costs increased 3.1% in yen during the year ended december 31, 2015.
see note 6 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our deferred policy acquisition costs.
policy liabilities the following table presents policy liabilities by segment for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                            2015                2014             % change aflac japan                       $78,460             $74,575               5.2      %   (1)
aflac u.s.                          9,815               9,356               4.9
other                                  43                   2             100.0
intercompany eliminations (2)        (687   )               0            (100.0      )
total                             $87,631             $83,933               4.4      %
(1) aflac japan's policy liabilities increased 5.3% in yen during the year ended december 31, 2015.
(2) elimination entry necessary due to recapture of a portion of policy liabilities ceded externally, as a result of the reinsurance retrocession transaction as described in note 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
see note 7 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our policy liabilities.
notes payable notes payable totaled $5.0 billion at december 31, 2015, compared with $5.3 billion at december 31, 2014.
in august 2015, we paid off $300 million of 3.45% fixed-rate senior notes upon their maturity and paid off a 5.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $41 million using the exchange rate at the specific maturity date). in july 2015, we paid off a 10.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $81 million using the exchange rate at the specific maturity date).
in march 2015, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $1.0 billion through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $550 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.40% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a five-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $450 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.25% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a ten-year maturity. we have entered into cross-currency swaps that convert the u.s. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes into yen-denominated obligations which results in lower nominal net interest rates on the debt. by entering into these cross-currency swaps, we economically converted our $550 million liability into a 67.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 2.40% in dollars to .24% in yen, and we economically converted our $450 million liability into a 55.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 3.25% in dollars to .82% in yen. in april 2015, the parent company used the proceeds from the march 2015 issuance of its fixed-rate senior notes to redeem all of our $850 million 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes
72
due may 2019 and to pay a portion of the corresponding $230 million make-whole premium due to the investors of these notes.
see note 9 of the accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our notes payable.
benefit plans aflac japan and aflac u.s. have various benefit plans. for additional information on our japanese and u.s. plans, see note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
policyholder protection the japanese insurance industry has a policyholder protection system that provides funds for the policyholders of insolvent insurers. legislation enacted regarding the framework of the life insurance policyholder protection corporation (lippc) included government fiscal measures supporting the lippc. on december 27, 2011, japan's fsa announced the plans to enhance the stability of the lippc by extending the government's fiscal support of the lippc through march 2017. accordingly, the fsa submitted legislation to the diet on january 27, 2012 to extend the government's fiscal support framework, and the legislation was approved on march 30, 2012. effective april 2014, the annual lippc contribution amount for the total life industry was lowered from 40 billion yen to 33 billion yen. aflac japan paid 2.2 billion yen in both 2015 and 2014 and 2.3 billion yen in 2013 for the policyholder protection fund.
hedging activities net investment hedge our primary exposure to be hedged is our investment in aflac japan, which is affected by changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate. to mitigate this exposure, we have taken the following courses of action. first, aflac japan maintains certain unhedged u.s. dollar-denominated securities, which serve as an economic currency hedge of a portion of our investment in aflac japan. second, we have designated the majority of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities (samurai and uridashi notes) as non-derivative hedging instruments and certain foreign currency forwards and options as derivative hedges of our net investment in aflac japan. we make our net investment hedge designation at the beginning of each quarter. if the total of the designated parent company non-derivative and derivatives notional is equal to or less than our net investment in aflac japan, the hedge is deemed to be effective, and the exchange effect on the yen-denominated liabilities and the change in estimated fair value of the derivatives are reported in the unrealized foreign currency component of other comprehensive income. we estimate that if the designated net investment hedge positions exceeded our net investment in aflac japan by 10 billion yen, we would report a foreign exchange gain/loss of approximately $1 million for every 1% yen weakening/strengthening in the end-of-period yen/dollar exchange rate. our net investment hedge was effective during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
the yen net asset figure calculated for hedging purposes differs from the yen-denominated net asset position as discussed in the currency risk subsection of md&a. as disclosed in that subsection, the consolidation of the underlying assets in certain vies requires that we derecognize our yen-denominated investment in the vie and recognize the underlying fixed-maturity or perpetual securities and cross-currency swaps. while these u.s. dollar investments will create foreign currency fluctuations, the combination of the u.s. dollar-denominated investment and the cross-currency swap economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in aflac japan. similarly, the combination of the u.s. corporate bonds and the foreign currency forwards and options that we have entered into, as discussed in the aflac japan investment subsection of md&a, economically creates a yen-denominated investment that qualifies for inclusion as a component of our investment in aflac japan.
the dollar values of our yen-denominated net assets, including economic yen-denominated investments for net investment hedging purposes as discussed above, are summarized as follows (translated at end-of-period exchange rates) for the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                                           2015                  2014
aflac japan net assets                                       $13,558                  $14,665
aflac japan unhedged dollar-denominated net assets            (8,111   )               (8,672   )
consolidated yen-denominated net assets (liabilities)         $5,447                   $5,993
73
for the hedge of our net investment in aflac japan, we have designated certain of the parent company's yen-denominated liabilities, certain unhedged u.s. dollar investments and foreign currency forwards and options as a hedge of our net investment in aflac japan. our consolidated yen-denominated net asset position was partially hedged at $1.2 billion as of december 31, 2015, compared with $1.6 billion as of december 31, 2014.
cash flow hedges we had freestanding derivative instruments related to our consolidated vie investments that are reported in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value within other assets and other liabilities. as of december 31, 2015, two of the freestanding swaps that are used within vies to hedge the risk arising from changes in foreign currency exchange rates qualified for hedge accounting.
fair value hedges we have entered into foreign currency forwards and options to mitigate the foreign exchange risk associated with new investments in u.s. dollar-denominated fixed-maturities that support yen-denominated liabilities within our aflac japan segment.
at times we have entered into interest rate swaptions to mitigate the interest rate risk associated with our u.s. dollar-denominated fixed-maturities that support yen-denominated liabilities within our aflac japan segment.
see note 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our hedging activities.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, we had no material letters of credit, standby letters of credit, guarantees or standby repurchase obligations. see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information on material unconditional purchase obligations that are not recorded on our balance sheet.
capital resources and liquidity aflac provides the primary sources of liquidity to the parent company through dividends and management fees. the following table presents the amounts provided for the years ended december 31.
liquidity provided by aflac to parent company
(in millions)                                  2015                2014              2013
dividends declared or paid by aflac      $2,393              $1,473              $962
management fees paid by aflac               255                 267               292
the primary uses of cash by the parent company are shareholder dividends, the repurchase of its common stock, interest on its outstanding indebtedness and operating expenses. the parent company's sources and uses of cash are reasonably predictable and are not expected to change materially in the future. for additional information, see the financing activities subsection of this md&a.
the parent company also accesses debt security markets to provide additional sources of capital. we filed a shelf registration statement with the sec in may 2015 that allows us to issue an indefinite amount of senior and subordinated debt, in one or more series, from time to time until may 2018. in march 2014, we filed a shelf registration statement with japanese regulatory authorities that allows us to issue up to 100 billion yen of yen-denominated samurai notes in japan through march 2016. if issued, these yen-denominated samurai notes would not be available to u.s. persons. we believe outside sources for additional debt and equity capital, if needed, will continue to be available. for additional information, see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
the principal sources of cash for our insurance operations are premiums and investment income. the primary uses of cash by our insurance operations are investments, policy claims, commissions, operating expenses, income taxes and payments to the parent company for management fees and dividends. both the sources and uses of cash are reasonably predictable.
74
when making an investment decision, our first consideration is based on product needs. our investment objectives provide for liquidity through the purchase of investment-grade debt securities. these objectives also take into account duration matching, and because of the long-term nature of our business, we have adequate time to react to changing cash flow needs.
as a result of policyholder aging, claims payments are expected to gradually increase over the life of a policy. therefore, future policy benefit reserves are accumulated in the early years of a policy and are designed to help fund future claims payments. we expect our future cash flows from premiums and our investment portfolio to be sufficient to meet our cash needs for benefits and expenses.
in october 2015, the parent company and aflac jointly entered into a 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit that provides for borrowings in the amount of $100 million. borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have a three-month maturity period. there are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. borrowings under the financing agreement will mature no later than three months after the last drawdown date of october 15, 2016. as of december 31, 2015, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our $100 million credit agreement.
in september 2015, we amended and restated our 50.0 billion yen senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement, due to expire in march 2018, pursuant to which the parent company and aflac jointly entered into a new five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement with a syndicate of financial institutions that provides for borrowings of up to 55.0 billion yen or the equivalent of yen in u.s. dollars on a revolving basis. borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to, at our option, either (a) a eurocurrency rate determined by reference to the london interbank offered rate (libor) for the interest period relevant to such borrowing adjusted for certain additional costs or (b) a base rate determined by reference to the highest of (1) the federal funds effective rate plus 12 of 1%, (2) the rate of interest for such day announced by mizuho bank, ltd. as its prime rate and (3) the eurocurrency rate for an interest period of one month plus 1.00%, in each case plus an applicable margin. the applicable margin ranges between .79% and 1.275% for eurocurrency rate borrowings and .0% and .275% for base rate borrowings, depending on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. in addition, the parent company and aflac are required to pay a facility fee on the commitments ranging between .085% and .225%, also based on the parent company's debt ratings as of the date of determination. borrowings under the amended and restated credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including a capital contingency plan for the operations of the parent company and aflac. the amended and restated credit facility requires compliance with certain financial covenants on a quarterly basis and will expire on the earlier of (a) september 18, 2020, or (b) the date the commitments are terminated pursuant to an event of default, as such term is defined in the credit agreement. as of december 31, 2015, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our 55.0 billion yen revolving credit agreement.
in february 2015, the parent company and aflac jointly entered into an uncommitted bilateral line of credit with a third party that provides for borrowings in the amount of $50 million. borrowings will bear interest at the rate quoted by the bank and agreed upon at the time of making such loan and will have a three-month maturity period. there are no related facility fees, upfront expenses or financial covenant requirements. borrowings under this credit agreement may be used for general corporate purposes. as of december 31, 2015, we did not have any borrowings outstanding under our $50 million credit agreement.
our financial statements convey our financing arrangements during the periods presented. we have not engaged in material intra-period short-term financings during the periods presented that are not otherwise reported in our balance sheet. we were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2015. we have not entered into transactions involving the transfer of financial assets with an obligation to repurchase financial assets that have been accounted for as a sale under applicable accounting standards, including securities lending transactions. see notes 1, 3, and 4 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for more information on our securities lending and derivative activities. with the exception of disclosed activities in those referenced footnotes, we do not have a known trend, demand, commitment, event or uncertainty that would reasonably result in our liquidity increasing or decreasing by a material amount. our cash and cash equivalents include unrestricted cash on hand, money market instruments, and other debt instruments with a maturity of 90 days or less when purchased, all of which has minimal market, settlement or other risk exposure.
the following table presents the estimated payments by period of our major contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015. we translated our yen-denominated obligations using the december 31, 2015, exchange rate. actual future payments as reported in dollars will fluctuate with changes in the yen/dollar exchange rate.
75
distribution of payments by period
(in millions)                                                total                    total                 less           one tothree years               four to                   after liability(1)                 payments                 than                                        five years              five years one year future policy benefits liability (note 7)(2)        $69,687                   $234,854               $7,813                  $15,497                 $15,475                $196,069
unpaid policy claims liability (note 7)(3)            3,802                      3,802                2,504                      693                     303                     302
other policyholders' funds (note 7)(3)                6,285                      9,977                  329                      387                     426                   8,835
long-term debt - principal (note 9)                   4,991                      4,997                  197                      650                     550                   3,600
long-term debt - interest (note 9)                       39                      3,115                  198                      360                     347                   2,210
cash collateral on loaned securities (note 3)           941                        941                  941                        0                       0                       0
operating service agreements (note 15)                  n/a          (4)           362                  114                      130                     118                       0
operating lease obligations (note 15)                   n/a          (4)           172                   59                       75                      18                      20
capitalized lease obligations (note 9)                   20                         20                    6                        9                       4                       1
total contractual obligations                       $85,765                   $258,240              $12,161                  $17,801                 $17,241                $211,037
liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits in the amount of $15 have been excluded from the tabular disclosure above because the timing of cash payment is not reasonably estimable.
(1)liability amounts are those reported on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015.
(2)the estimated payments due by period reflect future estimated cash payments to be made to policyholders and others for future policy benefits. these projected cash outflows are based on assumptions for future policy persistency, mortality, morbidity, and other assumptions comparable with our experience, consider future premium receipts on current policies in force, and assume market growth and interest crediting consistent with assumptions used in amortizing deferred acquisition costs. these cash outflows are undiscounted with respect to interest and, as a result, the sum of the cash outflows shown for all years in the table of $234,854 exceeds the corresponding liability amount of $69,687. we have made significant assumptions to determine the future estimated cash outflows related to the underlying policies and contracts. due to the significance of the assumptions used, actual cash outflow amounts and timing will differ, possibly materially, from these estimates.
(3)includes assumptions as to the timing of policyholders reporting claims for prior periods and the amount of those claims. actual amounts and timing of unpaid policy claims payments may differ significantly from the estimates above.
(4)not applicable for more information on our major contractual obligations, see the applicable note in the notes to the consolidated financial statements as indicated in the line items in the table above.
consolidated cash flows we translate cash flows for aflac japan's yen-denominated items into u.s. dollars using weighted-average exchange rates. in years when the yen weakens, translating yen into dollars causes fewer dollars to be reported. when the yen strengthens, translating yen into dollars causes more dollars to be reported.
the following table summarizes consolidated cash flows by activity for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                           2015   2014                2013
operating activities                              $6,776              $6,550             $10,547
investing activities                              (4,897   )          (4,241   )         (11,091   )
financing activities                              (2,187   )            (147   )           1,136
exchange effect on cash and cash equivalents           0                 (47   )             (90   )
net change in cash and cash equivalents            $(308   )          $2,115                $502
operating activities consolidated cash flow from operations increased 3.5% in 2015, compared with 2014. the following table summarizes operating cash flows by source for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                              2015                2014   2013
aflac japan                          $5,285              $5,711              $9,410
aflac u.s. and other operations       1,491                 839               1,137
total                                $6,776              $6,550             $10,547
76
the decrease in aflac japan operating cash flows during 2015 and 2014 was largely due to a decline in the sales of the ways product which resulted in a reduced amount of cash received from discounted advance premiums.
investing activities operating cash flow is primarily used to purchase debt securities to meet future policy obligations. the following table summarizes investing cash flows by source for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                     2015            2014                2013
aflac japan                       $(4,147     )       $(4,129     )       $(10,293      )
aflac u.s. and other operations   (750        )       (112        )       (798          )
total                             $(4,897     )       $(4,241     )       $(11,091      )
prudent portfolio management dictates that we attempt to match the duration of our assets with the duration of our liabilities. currently, when our fixed-maturity securities and perpetual securities mature, the proceeds may be reinvested at a yield below that required for the accretion of policy benefit liabilities on policies issued in earlier years. however, the long-term nature of our business and our strong cash flows provide us with the ability to minimize the effect of mismatched durations and/or yields identified by various asset adequacy analyses. when needed or when market opportunities arise, we dispose of selected fixed-maturity and perpetual securities that are available for sale to improve the duration matching of our assets and liabilities, improve future investment yields, and/or re-balance our portfolio. as a result, dispositions before maturity can vary significantly from year to year. dispositions before maturity were approximately 5% of the annual average investment portfolio of fixed maturities and perpetual securities available for sale during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with 6% in 2014 and 16% in 2013.
financing activities consolidated cash used by financing activities was $2.2 billion in 2015 and $147 million in 2014, compared with cash provided by financing activities of $1.1 billion in 2013.
in august 2015, we paid off $300 million of 3.45% fixed-rate senior notes upon their maturity. in august 2015, we paid off a 5.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $41 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date). in july 2015, we paid off a 10.0 billion yen loan at its maturity date (a total of approximately $81 million using the exchange rate at the maturity date).
in march 2015, the parent company issued two series of senior notes totaling $1.0 billion through a u.s. public debt offering. the first series, which totaled $550 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 2.40% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a five-year maturity. the second series, which totaled $450 million, bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.25% per annum, payable semi-annually, and has a ten-year maturity. we have entered into cross-currency swaps that convert the u.s. dollar-denominated principal and interest on the senior notes into yen-denominated obligations which results in lower nominal net interest rates on the debt. by entering into these cross-currency swaps, we economically converted our $550 million liability into a 67.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 2.40% in dollars to .24% in yen, and we economically converted our $450 million liability into a 55.0 billion yen liability and reduced the interest rate on this debt from 3.25% in dollars to .82% in yen. in april 2015, the parent company used $1.0 billion of fixed-rate senior notes that were issued in march 2015 to redeem all of our $850 million 8.50% fixed-rate senior notes due may 2019 and to pay a portion of the corresponding $230 million make-whole premium due to the investors of these notes. we consider the make-whole payment a non-recurring transaction and therefore excluded this charge from operating earnings.
in november 2014, the parent company issued $750 million of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. the net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes. in july 2014, we redeemed 28.7 billion yen of our fixed rate samauri notes and 5.5 billion yen of our variable rate samurai notes upon their maturity (a total of approximately $335 million using the exchange rate on the date of redemption).
in june 2013, the parent company issued $700 million of senior notes through a u.s. public debt offering. we used part of these net proceeds for the debt redemptions in 2014. the balance of the net proceeds were used to repay or redeem, in whole or in part, the parent company's $300 million senior notes that were due august 2015 and for general corporate purposes.
77
see note 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on the debt issuances discussed above.
cash returned to shareholders through dividends and treasury stock purchases was $2.0 billion in 2015, compared with $1.9 billion in 2014 and $1.4 billion in 2013.
see our preceding discussion in this capital resources and liquidity section of md&a regarding the 364-day uncommitted bilateral line of credit entered into by the parent company and aflac in october 2015 in the amount of $100 million; the five-year senior unsecured revolving credit facility agreement entered into by the parent company and aflac in september 2015 in the amount of 55 billion yen; and the $50 million uncommitted bilateral line of credit entered into by the parent company and aflac in february 2015. as of december 31, 2015, no borrowings were outstanding under these lines of credit.
we were in compliance with all of the covenants of our notes payable and lines of credit at december 31, 2015.
the following tables present a summary of treasury stock activity during the years ended december 31.
treasury stock purchased
(in millions of dollars and thousands of shares)            2015                2014                2013
treasury stock purchases                              $1,315              $1,210                $813
number of shares purchased:
open market                                           21,179              19,660              13,212
other                                                    247                 157                 222
total shares purchased                                21,426              19,817              13,434
treasury stock issued
(in millions of dollars and thousands of shares)          2015              2014              2013
stock issued from treasury:
cash financing                                         $36               $33               $88
noncash financing                                       64                65                65
total stock issued from treasury                      $100               $98              $153
number of shares issued                              1,770             1,763             3,254
under share repurchase authorizations from our board of directors, we purchased 21.2 million shares of our common stock in the open market in 2015, compared with 19.7 million shares in 2014 and 13.2 million shares in 2013. in august 2015, aflac's board of directors authorized the purchase of an additional 40 million shares of its common stock. as of december 31, 2015, a remaining balance of 48.4 million shares of our common stock was available for purchase under share repurchase authorizations by our board of directors. we currently plan to purchase $1.4 billion of our common stock in 2016, largely front-end loaded in the first half of the year. see note 11 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
cash dividends paid to shareholders in 2015 of $1.58 per share increased 5.3% over 2014. the 2014 dividend paid of $1.50 per share increased 5.6% over 2013. the following table presents the dividend activity for the years ended december 31.
(in millions)                                          2015              2014              2013
dividends paid in cash                             $656              $654              $635
dividends through issuance of treasury shares        26                26                25
total dividends to shareholders                    $682              $680              $660
in february 2016, the board of directors declared the first quarter 2016 cash dividend of $.41 per share. the dividend is payable on march 1, 2016, to shareholders of record at the close of business on february 16, 2016.
78
regulatory restrictions aflac is domiciled in nebraska and is subject to its regulations. the nebraska department of insurance imposes certain limitations and restrictions on payments of dividends, management fees, loans and advances by aflac to the parent company. under nebraska insurance law, prior approval of the nebraska department of insurance is required for dividend distributions that exceed the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. in addition, the nebraska insurance department must approve service arrangements and other transactions within the affiliated group of companies. these regulatory limitations are not expected to affect the level of management fees or dividends paid by aflac to the parent company. a life insurance company's statutory capital and surplus is determined according to rules prescribed by the naic, as modified by the insurance department in the insurance company's state of domicile. statutory accounting rules are different from u.s. gaap and are intended to emphasize policyholder protection and company solvency. similar laws apply in new york and south carolina, the domiciliary jurisdictions of the parent company's other insurance subsidiaries, aflac new york and caic.
the continued long-term growth of our business may require increases in the statutory capital and surplus of our insurance operations. aflac's insurance operations may secure additional statutory capital through various sources, such as internally generated statutory earnings, equity contributions by the parent company from funds generated through debt or equity offerings, or reinsurance transactions. the naic's risk-based capital (rbc) formula is used by insurance regulators to help identify inadequately capitalized insurance companies. the rbc formula quantifies insurance risk, business risk, asset risk and interest rate risk by weighing the types and mixtures of risks inherent in the insurer's operations. aflac's company action level rbc ratio was 933% as of december 31, 2015, compared with 945% at december 31, 2014. aflac's rbc ratio remains high and reflects a strong capital and surplus position. as of december 31, 2015, aflac's total adjusted capital of $11.7 billion exceeded the company action level required capital and surplus of $1.3 billion by $10.4 billion. the maximum amount of dividends that can be paid to the parent company by aflac without prior approval of nebraska's director of insurance is the greater of the net income from operations, which excludes net realized investment gains, for the previous year determined under statutory accounting principles, or 10% of statutory capital and surplus as of the previous year-end. dividends declared by aflac during 2016 in excess of $2.3 billion would require such approval. see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for information regarding the impact of permitted practices by the nebraska department of insurance on our statutory capital and surplus. the naic considers its solvency modernization initiative (smi) process relating to updating the u.s. insurance solvency regulation framework to be ongoing. the smi has focused on key issues such as capital requirements, governance and risk management, group supervision, reinsurance, statutory accounting and financial reporting matters. many of these key issues have been finalized and/or are near completion; however, the naic still has some ongoing initiatives related to smi, such as monitoring the international efforts on group capital requirements and group supervision as well as risk-based capital.
in addition to limitations and restrictions imposed by u.s. insurance regulators, japan's fsa may not allow profit repatriations from aflac japan if the transfers would cause aflac japan to lack sufficient financial strength for the protection of policyholders. the fsa maintains its own solvency standard which is quantified through the solvency margin ratio (smr). aflac japan's smr is sensitive to interest rate, credit spread and foreign exchange rate changes, therefore we continue to evaluate alternatives for reducing this sensitivity. in the event of a rapid change in market factors (such as interest rates), we have a senior unsecured revolving credit facility in the amount of 55 billion yen and a committed reinsurance facility in the amount of approximately 110 billion yen as capital contingency plans (see notes 8 and 9 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information). we have already undertaken measures to mitigate the sensitivity of aflac japan's smr. for example, we employ policy reserve matching (prm), which is a japan-specific accounting treatment that reduces smr interest rate sensitivity since prm-designated investments are carried at amortized cost consistent with corresponding liabilities. for u.s. gaap, prm investments are categorized as available for sale. in the first quarter of 2015, aflac japan entered into a quota share arrangement to cede a portion of hospital benefits of one of our closed products. under this coinsurance indemnity type of reinsurance, aflac japan released approximately 130 billion yen of fsa reserves. (see notes 3, 4 and 8 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on our investment strategies, hedging activities, and reinsurance, respectively.) as of december 31, 2015, aflac japan's smr was 828%, compared with 857% at december 31, 2014.
aflac is subject to the naic's own risk and solvency assessment (orsa), effective january 1, 2015. through the orsa requirements, aflac is expected to regularly, no less than annually, conduct an orsa to assess the adequacy of its risk management framework, and its current and estimated projected future solvency position; internally document the process and results of the assessment; and provide a confidential high-level orsa summary report annually to the lead state commissioner if the insurer is a member of an insurance group. aflac filed its orsa report on november 20, 2015 with the nebraska department of insurance.
79
payments are made from aflac japan to the parent company for management fees and to aflac u.s. for allocated expenses and remittances of earnings. the following table details aflac japan remittances for the years ended december 31.
aflac japan remittances
(in millions of dollars and billions of yen)                       2015              2014            2013
aflac japan management fees paid to parent company              $53               $39             $37
expenses allocated to aflac japan (in dollars)                  101                71              74
aflac japan profit remittances to aflac u.s. (in dollars)     2,139             1,704             771
aflac japan profit remittances to aflac u.s. (in yen)         259.0             181.4            76.8
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we began to increase the frequency of capital transfers from japan to the united states to better manage cash flow. this capital repatriation is reflected in aflac japan's smr as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
we entered into foreign exchange forwards and options as part of an economic hedge on foreign exchange risk on 242.5 billion yen of profit repatriation received in 2015, resulting in $71 million of additional funds received when the yen were exchanged into dollars.
for additional information on regulatory restrictions on dividends, profit repatriations and other transfers, see note 13 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
other for information regarding commitments and contingent liabilities, see note 15 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements.
