item 1a.   risk factors.
you should consider carefully the following risks when reading the information, including the financial information, contained in this annual report on form 10-k.
adverse conditions in the global economy and volatility and disruption of financial markets can negatively impact our customers, suppliers and other business partners and therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
a global or regional economic downturn may reduce customer demand or inhibit our ability to produce our products, negatively impacting our operating results. our business and operating results have been and will continue to be sensitive to global economic downturns (including credit market tightness which can impact our liquidity as well as our customers, suppliers and other business partners), declining consumer and business confidence, fluctuating commodity prices, volatile exchange rates and other challenges that can affect the global economy. our customers may experience deterioration of their businesses, cash flow shortages and difficulty obtaining financing. as a result, existing or potential customers can delay or cancel plans to purchase products and may not be able to fulfill their obligations in a timely fashion. further, suppliers and other business partners may be experiencing similar conditions, which could impact their ability to fulfill their obligations to us. also, it could be difficult to find replacements for certain of those business partners without incurring significant delays or cost increases. if the current weakness in much of the global economy continues or deepens significantly, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
our inability to secure key raw materials, or to pass through increases in costs and expenses for other raw materials and energy, on a timely basis or at all, could have an adverse effect on the margins of our products and our results of operations.
the long-term profitability of our operations will be, in part, related to our ability to continue to economically obtain resources, including energy and raw materials. for example, our lithium and bromine businesses rely upon our continued ability to produce, or otherwise obtain, lithium and bromine of sufficient quality in adequate amounts to support our operations. if we fail to secure and retain the rights to continue to access these key raw materials, we may have to restrict or suspend our operations that rely upon these key resources, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. in addition, other raw material and energy costs account for a significant percentage of our total costs of products sold, even if they can be obtained on commercially reasonable terms. our raw material and energy costs can be volatile and may increase
11
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries significantly. increases are primarily driven by significantly tighter market conditions and major increases in the pricing of basic building blocks for our products such as crude oil, chlorine and metals (including molybdenum and rare earths which are used in the refinery catalysts business). we generally attempt to pass through changes in the prices of raw materials and energy to our customers, but we may be unable to or be delayed in doing so. our inability to efficiently and effectively pass through price increases, or inventory impacts resulting from price volatility, could adversely affect our margins.
we face competition from other specialty chemical companies, which places downward pressure on the prices and margins of our products.
we operate in a highly competitive marketplace, competing against a number of global specialty chemical producers. competition is based on several key criteria, including product performance and quality, product price, product availability and security of supply and responsiveness of product development in cooperation with customers and customer service. some of our competitors are larger than we are and may have greater financial resources. in addition, our products are facing increasing competition from market participants in china. these competitors may also be able to maintain significantly greater operating and financial flexibility than we do. as a result, these competitors may be better able to withstand changes in conditions within our industry, changes in the prices of raw materials and energy and in general economic conditions. additionally, competitors' pricing decisions could compel us to decrease our prices, which could affect our margins and profitability adversely. our ability to maintain or increase our profitability is, and will continue to be, dependent upon our ability to offset decreases in the prices and margins of our products by improving production efficiency and volume, shifting to higher margin chemical products and improving existing products through innovation and research and development. if we are unable to do so or to otherwise maintain our competitive position, we could lose market share to our competitors.
within the end-use markets in which we compete, competition between products is intense. substitute products also exist for many of our products. therefore, we face substantial risk that certain events, such as new product development by our competitors, changing customer needs, production advances for competing products, price changes in raw materials and products, our failure to secure patents or the expiration of patents, could result in declining demand for our products as our customers switch to substitute products or undertake manufacturing of such products on their own. if we are unable to develop, produce or market our products to effectively compete against our competitors, our results of operations may materially suffer.
we believe that our customers are increasingly looking for strong, long-term relationships with a few key suppliers that help them improve product performance, reduce costs, or support new product development. to satisfy these growing customer requirements, our competitors have been consolidating within product lines through mergers and acquisitions. we may also need to invest and spend more on research and development and marketing costs to strengthen existing customer relationships, as well as attract new customers. our indebtedness could limit our flexibility to react to these industry trends and our ability to remain competitive.
albemarle's brands, product image and trademarks represent the unique product identity of each of our products and are important symbols of the company's reputation. accordingly, the performance of our business could be adversely affected by any marketing and promotional materials used by our competitors that make false or unsubstantiated claims, implies immoral or improper conduct or is otherwise disparaging to our company or its products. further, our own actions could hurt such brands, product image and trademarks if our products underperform or we otherwise draw negative publicity.
downturns in our customers' cyclical industries could adversely affect our sales and profitability.
downturns in the businesses that use our specialty chemicals will adversely affect our sales. many of our customers are in industries, including the electronics, building and construction, oilfield and automotive industries, that are cyclical in nature and sensitive to changes in general economic conditions. historically, downturns in general economic conditions have resulted in diminished product demand, excess manufacturing capacity and lower average selling prices, and we may experience similar problems in the future. a decline in economic conditions in our customers' cyclical industries may have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
our results are subject to fluctuation because of irregularities in the demand for our hpc catalysts and certain of our agrichemicals.
our hpc catalysts are used by petroleum refiners in their processing units to reduce the quantity of sulfur and other impurities in petroleum products. the effectiveness of hpc catalysts diminishes with use, requiring the hpc catalysts to be replaced, on average, once every one to three years. the sales of our hpc catalysts, therefore, are largely dependent on the useful life cycle of the hpc catalysts in the processing units and may vary materially by quarter. in addition, the timing and profitability of hpc catalysts sales can have a significant impact on revenue and profit in any one quarter. sales of our agrichemicals are also subject to fluctuation as demand varies depending on climate and other environmental conditions, which
12
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries may prevent or reduce farming for extended periods. in addition, crop pricing and timing of when farms alternate from one crop to another crop in a particular year can also alter sales of agrichemicals.
changes in our customers' products can reduce the demand for our specialty chemicals.
our customers use our specialty chemicals for a broad range of applications. changes in our customers' products or processes may enable our customers to reduce consumption of the specialty chemicals that we produce or make our specialty chemicals unnecessary. customers may also find alternative materials or processes that no longer require our products. should a customer decide to use a different material due to price, performance or other considerations, we may not be able to supply a product that meets the customer's new requirements. consequently, it is important that we develop new products to replace the sales of products that mature and decline in use. our business, results of operations, cash flows and margins could be materially adversely affected if we are unable to manage successfully the maturation of our existing products and the introduction of new products.
our research and development efforts may not succeed and our competitors may develop more effective or successful products.
the specialty chemicals industry is subject to periodic technological change and ongoing product improvements. in order to maintain our margins and remain competitive, we must successfully develop, manufacture and market new or improved products. as a result, we must commit substantial resources each year to research and development. ongoing investments in research and development for future products could result in higher costs without a proportional increase in revenues. additionally, for any new product program, there is a risk of technical or market failure in which case we may not be able to develop the new commercial products needed to maintain our competitive position or we may need to commit additional resources to new product development programs. moreover, new products may have lower margins than the products they replace.
our industries and the end-use markets into which we sell our products experience periodic technological change and product improvement. manufacturers periodically introduce new generations of products or require new technological capacity to develop customized products. our future growth will depend on our ability to gauge the direction of the commercial and technological progress in all key end-use markets and upon our ability to fund and successfully develop, manufacture and market products in such changing end-use markets. we will have to continue to identify, develop, market and in certain cases, secure regulatory approval for innovative products on a timely basis to replace or enhance existing products in order to maintain our profit margins and our competitive position. we may not be successful in developing new products and/or technology, either alone or with third parties, or licensing intellectual property rights from third parties on a commercially competitive basis. our new products may not be accepted by our customers or may fail to receive regulatory approval. if we fail to keep pace with the evolving technological innovations in our end-use markets on a competitive basis, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we also expect competition to increase as our competitors develop and introduce new and enhanced products. as new products enter the market, our products may become obsolete or competitors' products may be marketed more effectively than our products. if we fail to develop new products, maintain or improve our margins with our new products or keep pace with technological developments, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will suffer.
our inability to protect our intellectual property rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
protection of our proprietary processes, methods and compounds and other technology is important to our business. we generally rely on patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright laws of the u.s. and certain other countries in which our products are produced or sold, as well as licenses and nondisclosure and confidentiality agreements, to protect our intellectual property rights. the patent, trade secret, trademark and copyright laws of some countries may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the u.s. failure to protect our intellectual property rights may result in the loss of valuable proprietary technologies. additionally, some of our technologies are not covered by any patent or patent application and, even if a patent application has been filed, it may not result in an issued patent. if patents are issued to us, those patents may not provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competitive technologies. we cannot assure you that our intellectual property rights will not be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or rendered unenforceable.
we also conduct research and development activities with third parties and license certain intellectual property rights from third parties and we plan to continue to do so in the future. we endeavor to license or otherwise obtain intellectual property rights on terms favorable to us. however, we may not be able to license or otherwise obtain intellectual property rights on such terms or at all. our inability to license or otherwise obtain such intellectual property rights could have a material
13
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries adverse effect on our ability to create a competitive advantage and create innovative solutions for our customers, which will adversely affect our net sales and our relationships with our customers.
we could face patent infringement claims from our competitors or others alleging that our processes or products infringe on their proprietary technologies. if we are found to be infringing on the proprietary technology of others, we may be liable for damages and we may be required to change our processes, redesign our products partially or completely, pay to use the technology of others, stop using certain technologies or stop producing the infringing product entirely. even if we ultimately prevail in an infringement suit, the existence of the suit could prompt customers to switch to products that are not the subject of infringement suits. we may not prevail in intellectual property litigation and such litigation may result in significant legal costs or otherwise impede our ability to produce and distribute key products.
we also rely upon unpatented proprietary manufacturing expertise, continuing technological innovation and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. while we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees and third parties to protect our intellectual property, we cannot assure you that our confidentiality agreements will not be breached, that they will provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets and proprietary manufacturing expertise or that adequate remedies will be available in the event of an unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets or manufacturing expertise.
our business and operations could suffer in the event of cyber-security breaches.
attempts by others to gain unauthorized access to our information technology systems become more sophisticated over time. these attempts, which might be related to industrial or other espionage, include covertly introducing malware to our computers and networks and impersonating authorized users, among others. we seek to detect and investigate all security incidents and to prevent their recurrence, but in some cases we might be unaware of an incident or its magnitude and effects. the theft, unauthorized use or publication of our intellectual property and/or confidential business information could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives or otherwise adversely affect our business. to the extent that any cyber-security breach results in inappropriate disclosure of our customers' or licensees' confidential information, we may incur liability as a result.
our substantial international operations subject us to risks of doing business in foreign countries, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we conduct a substantial portion of our business outside of the u.s. we expect sales from international markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our net sales and the net sales of our joint ventures. accordingly, our business is subject to risks related to the differing legal, political, social and regulatory requirements and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. risks inherent in international operations include the following:
•   fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may affect product demand and may adversely affect the profitability in u.s. dollars of products and services we provide in international markets where payment for our products and services is made in the local currency;
•   transportation and other shipping costs may increase;
•   intellectual property rights may be more difficult to enforce;
•   increased cost of, and decreased availability of raw materials;
•   changes in foreign laws and tax rates or u.s. laws and tax rates with respect to foreign income may unexpectedly increase the rate at which our income is taxed, impose new and additional taxes on remittances, repatriation or other payments by subsidiaries, or cause the loss of previously recorded tax benefits;
•   foreign countries may adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls;
•   trade sanctions could result in losing access to customers and suppliers in those countries;
•   unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements may occur;
•   agreements may be difficult to enforce and receivables difficult to collect;
•   compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations may be burdensome;
•   compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws may be costly;
•   unexpected adverse changes in export duties, quotas and tariffs and difficulties in obtaining export licenses;
•   general economic conditions in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our earnings from operations in those countries;
•   foreign operations may experience staffing difficulties and labor disputes;
14
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•   foreign governments may nationalize private enterprises; and
•   our business and profitability in a particular country could be affected by political or economic repercussions from terrorist activities and the response to such activities, the possibility of hyperinflationary conditions and political instability in certain countries.
in addition, certain of our joint ventures operate, and we have ongoing capital projects in, high-risk regions of the world such as the middle east and south america. unanticipated events such as geopolitical changes could result in a write-down of our investment in the affected joint venture or a delay or cancellation of those capital projects, which could negatively impact our future growth and profitability. our success as a global business will depend, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions by developing, implementing and maintaining policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we and our joint ventures do business.
furthermore, our subsidiaries are subject to rules and regulations related to anti-bribery prohibitions of the u.s. and other countries and export controls and economic embargoes, violations of which may carry substantial penalties. for example, export control and economic embargo regulations limit the ability of our subsidiaries to market, sell, distribute or otherwise transfer their products or technology to prohibited countries or persons. failure to comply with these regulations could subject our subsidiaries to fines, enforcement actions and/or have an adverse effect on our reputation and the value of our common stock.
changes in, or the interpretation of, tax legislation or rates throughout the world could materially impact our results.
our future effective tax rate and related tax balance sheet attributes could be impacted by changes in tax legislation throughout the world. currently, the majority of our net sales are generated from customers located outside of the u.s., and a substantial portion of our assets and employees are located outside of the u.s. if these funds are needed for our operations in the u.s., we believe we will be able to access such funds in a tax efficient manner to satisfy cash flow needs.
we have not accrued income taxes or foreign withholding taxes on undistributed earnings for most non-u.s. subsidiaries, because those earnings are intended to be indefinitely reinvested in the operations of those subsidiaries. certain tax proposals with respect to such earnings could substantially increase our tax expense, which would substantially reduce our income and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows from operating activities. currently, there are no contemplated cash distributions that will result in incremental u.s. taxes payable in excess of applicable foreign tax credits related to such undistributed earnings. as a result, we have not provided any deferred income taxes on the portion of undistributed foreign earnings determined not to be permanently reinvested in foreign operations.
our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, expirations of tax holidays, changes in the assessment regarding the realization of the valuation of deferred tax assets, or changes in tax laws and regulations or their interpretation. we are subject to the regular examination of our income tax returns by various tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for taxes. it is possible the outcomes from these examinations will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.
we are exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, which may adversely affect our operating results and net income.
we conduct our business and incur costs in the local currency of most of the countries in which we operate. the financial condition and results of operations of each foreign operating subsidiary and joint venture are reported in the relevant local currency and then translated to u.s. dollars at the applicable currency exchange rate for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. changes in exchange rates between these foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar will affect the recorded levels of our assets, liabilities, net sales, cost of goods sold and operating margins and could result in exchange losses. the primary currencies to which we have exposure are the european union euro, japanese yen, singapore dollar, chinese renminbi, australian dollar, chilean peso and the british pound sterling. exchange rates between these currencies and the u.s. dollar in recent years have fluctuated significantly and may do so in the future. with respect to our potential exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and devaluations, for the year ended december 31, 2015, approximately 42% of our net sales were denominated in such currencies. significant changes in these foreign currencies relative to the u.s. dollar could also have an adverse effect on our ability to meet interest and principal payments on any foreign currency-denominated debt outstanding. in addition to currency translation risks, we incur currency transaction risks whenever one of our operating subsidiaries or joint ventures enters into either a purchase or a sales transaction using a different currency from its functional currency. our operating results and net income may be affected by any volatility in currency exchange rates and our ability to manage effectively our currency transaction and translation risks.
15
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries our business could be adversely affected by environmental, health and safety laws and regulations to which our raw materials, products and facilities are subject.
in the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are subject to numerous federal, state and local environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the cleanup of contaminated properties. further, some of the raw materials we handle are subject to government regulation. these regulations affect the manufacturing processes, handling, uses and applications of our products. in addition, our production facilities and a number of our distribution centers require numerous operating permits that are subject to renewal. due to the nature of these requirements and changes in our operations, our operations may exceed limits under permits or we may not have the proper permits to operate our operations. ongoing compliance with such laws, regulations and permits is an important consideration for us and we incur substantial capital and operating costs in our compliance efforts. environmental laws have become increasingly strict in recent years. we expect this trend to continue and anticipate that compliance will continue to require increased capital expenditures and operating costs.
compliance with environmental laws generally increases the costs of manufacturing, the cost of registration/approval requirements, the costs of transportation and storage of raw materials and finished products, as well as the costs of the storage and disposal of wastes, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. we may incur substantial costs, including fines, damages, criminal or civil sanctions and remediation costs, or experience interruptions in our operations, for violations arising under these laws or permit requirements. furthermore, environmental laws are subject to change and have tended to become stricter over time. such changes in environmental laws or their interpretation, or the enactment of new environmental laws, could result in materially increased capital expenditures and compliance costs.
violations of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations may subject us to fines, penalties and other liabilities and may require us to change certain business practices or curtail production.
if we violate environmental, health and safety laws or regulations, in addition to being required to correct such violations, we can be held liable in administrative, civil or criminal proceedings for substantial fines and other sanctions could be imposed that could disrupt or limit our operations. liabilities associated with the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances, as well as personal injury, property damages or natural resource damages arising from the release of, or exposure to, such hazardous substances, may be imposed in many situations without regard to violations of laws or regulations or other fault, and may also be imposed jointly and severally (so that a responsible party may be held liable for more than its share of the losses involved, or even the entire loss). such liabilities may also be imposed on many different entities with a relationship to the hazardous substances at issue, including, for example, entities that formerly owned or operated the property affected by the hazardous substances and entities that arranged for the disposal of the hazardous substances at the affected property, as well as entities that currently own or operate such property. such liabilities can be difficult to identify and the extent of any such liabilities can be difficult to predict. we use, and in the past have used, hazardous substances at many of our facilities, and we have in the past, and may in the future, be subject to claims relating to exposure to hazardous materials and the associated liabilities may be material. we also have generated, and continue to generate, hazardous wastes at a number of our facilities. some of our facilities also have lengthy histories of manufacturing or other activities that have resulted in site contamination. we have also given contractual indemnities for environmental conditions relating to facilities we no longer own or operate. the nature of our business, including historical operations at our current and former facilities, exposes us to risks of liability under these laws and regulations due to the production, storage, use, transportation and sale of materials that can cause contamination or personal injury if released into the environment. additional information may arise in the future concerning the nature or extent of our liability with respect to identified sites, and additional sites may be identified for which we are alleged to be liable, that could cause us to materially increase our environmental accrual or the upper range of the costs we believe we could reasonably incur for such matters.
we may be subject to indemnity claims and liable for other payments relating to properties or businesses we have divested.
in connection with the sale of certain properties and businesses, we have agreed to indemnify the purchasers for certain types of matters, such as certain breaches of representations and warranties, taxes and certain environmental matters.
with respect to environmental matters, the discovery of contamination arising from properties that we have divested may expose us to indemnity obligations under the sale agreements with the buyers of such properties or cleanup obligations and other damages under applicable environmental laws.
we may not have insurance coverage for such indemnity obligations or cash flows to make such indemnity or other payments. further, we cannot predict the nature of and the amount of any indemnity or other obligations we may have to the applicable purchaser. such payments may be costly and may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
16
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries contractual indemnities may be ineffective in protecting us from environmental liabilities.
at several of our properties where hazardous substances are known to exist (including some sites where hazardous substances are being investigated or remediated), we believe we are entitled to contractual indemnification from one or more former owners or operators; however, in the event we make a claim, the indemnifier may disagree with us or not have the financial capacity to fulfill its indemnity obligation. if our contractual indemnity is not upheld or effective, our accrual and/or our costs for the investigation and cleanup of hazardous substances could increase materially.
we may be exposed to certain regulatory and financial risks related to climate change.
growing concerns about climate change may result in the imposition of additional regulations or restrictions to which we may become subject. climate changes include changes in rainfall and in storm patterns and intensities, water shortages, significantly changing sea levels and increasing atmospheric and water temperatures, among others. for example, there have been concerns regarding the declining water level of the dead sea, from which our joint venture, jbc, produces bromine. a number of governments or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes in response to climate change. for example, some of our operations are within jurisdictions that have, or are developing, regulatory regimes governing greenhouse gas emissions. potentially, additional u.s. federal regulation will be forthcoming with respect to greenhouse gas emissions (including carbon dioxide) and/or "cap and trade" legislation that could have impacts on our operations. in addition, we have operations in the european union, brazil, china, japan, jordan, saudi arabia, singapore and the united arab emirates, which have implemented measures to achieve objectives under the kyoto protocol, an international agreement linked to the united nations framework convention on climate change ("unfcc"), which set binding targets for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. the first commitment period under the kyoto protocol expired in 2012. an amendment was passed by the unfcc during the december 2012 doha climate change talks that would implement a second commitment period through 2020. as of february 11, 2016, 60 countries have ratified the 2012 amendments. in december 2015, the 21st conference of parties for the unfcc concluded with more than 190 countries adopting the paris agreement, a partly binding and partly voluntary agreement to cut global carbon emissions in an effort to limit the rise in global temperatures. the outcome of new legislation or regulation in the u.s. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, additional charges to fund energy efficiency activities, fees or restrictions on certain activities. while certain climate change initiatives may result in new business opportunities for us in the area of alternative fuel technologies and emissions control, compliance with these initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. any adopted future climate change regulations could also negatively impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. even without such regulation, increased public awareness and adverse publicity about potential impacts on climate change emanating from us or our industry could harm us. we may not be able to recover the cost of compliance with new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our business and negatively impact our growth. furthermore, the potential impacts of climate change and related regulation on our customers are highly uncertain and may adversely affect us.
regulation, or the threat of regulation, of some of our products could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
we manufacture or market a number of products that are or have been the subject of attention by regulatory authorities and environmental interest groups. for example, for many years we have marketed methyl bromide, a chemical that is particularly effective as a soil fumigant. in recent years, the market for methyl bromide has changed significantly, driven by the montreal protocol of 1990 and related regulations prompted by findings regarding the chemical's potential to deplete the ozone layer. completion of the phase-out of methyl bromide as a fumigant took effect january 1, 2005, with critical uses allowed on an annual basis until feasible alternatives are available.
over the past decade, there has been increasing scrutiny of certain brominated flame retardants by regulatory authorities, legislative bodies and environmental interest groups in various countries. we manufacture a broad range of brominated flame retardant products, which are used in a variety of applications to protect people, property and the environment from the negative consequences of fire. concern about the impact of some of our products on human health or the environment may lead to regulation, or reaction in our markets independent of regulation, that could reduce or eliminate markets for such products.
agencies in the european union continue to evaluate the risks to human health and the environment associated with certain brominated flame retardants such as tetrabromobisphenol a and decabromodiphenylethane, both of which we manufacture. additional government regulations, including limitations or bans on the use of brominated flame retardants, could result in a decline in our net sales of brominated flame retardants and have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. in addition, the threat of additional regulation or concern about the impact of brominated flame retardants on human health or the environment could lead to a negative reaction in our markets that could reduce or eliminate our markets for these products, which could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability.
17
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we could be subject to damages based on claims brought against us by our customers or lose customers as a result of the failure of our products to meet certain quality specifications.
our products provide important performance attributes to our customers' products. if a product fails to perform in a manner consistent with quality specifications or has a shorter useful life than guaranteed, a customer could seek replacement of the product or damages for costs incurred as a result of the product failing to perform as guaranteed. these risks apply to our refinery catalysts in particular because, in certain instances, we sell our refinery catalysts under agreements that contain limited performance and life cycle guarantees. also, because many of our products are integrated into our customers' products, we may be requested to participate in, or fund in whole or in part the costs of, a product recall conducted by a customer. for example, some of our businesses supply products to customers in the automotive industry. in the event one of these customers conducts a product recall that it believes is related to one of our products, we may be asked to participate in or fund in whole or in part such a recall.
our customers often require our subsidiaries to represent that our products conform to certain product specifications provided by our customers. any failure to comply with such specifications could result in claims or legal action.
a successful claim or series of claims against us could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could result in a loss of one or more customers.
our business is subject to hazards common to chemical businesses, any of which could injure our employees or other persons, damage our facilities or other properties, interrupt our production and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
our business is subject to hazards common to chemical manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation, including explosions, fires, inclement weather, natural disasters, mechanical failure, unscheduled downtime, transportation interruptions, remediation, chemical spills, discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases and other risks. these hazards can cause personal injury and loss of life to our employees and other persons, severe damage to, or destruction of, property and equipment and environmental contamination. in addition, the occurrence of material operating problems at our facilities due to any of these hazards may diminish our ability to meet our output goals. accordingly, these hazards and their consequences could adversely affect our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our operations as a whole, including our results of operations and cash flows, both during and after the period of operational difficulties.
natural disasters and weather-related matters could impact our results of operations.
historically, major hurricanes have caused significant disruption to the operations on the u.s. gulf coast for many of our customers and our suppliers of certain raw materials, which had an adverse impact on volume and cost for some of our products. our operations at the salar de atacama, in chile, could be subject to significant rain events and earthquakes. if similar weather-related matters or other natural disasters occur in the future, they could negatively affect the results of operations at our sites in the affected regions as well as have adverse impacts on the global economy.
the insurance that we maintain may not fully cover all potential exposures.
we maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance but such insurance may not cover all risks associated with the hazards of our business and is subject to limitations, including deductibles and maximum liabilities covered. we may incur losses beyond the limits, or outside the coverage, of our insurance policies, including liabilities for environmental remediation. in addition, from time to time, various types of insurance for companies in the specialty chemical industry have not been available on commercially acceptable terms or, in some cases, have not been available at all. we are potentially at additional risk if one or more of our insurance carriers fail. additionally, severe disruptions in the domestic and global financial markets could adversely impact the ratings and survival of some insurers. future downgrades in the ratings of enough insurers could adversely impact both the availability of appropriate insurance coverage and its cost. in the future, we may not be able to obtain coverage at current levels, if at all, and our premiums may increase significantly on coverage that we maintain.
we may incur significant charges in the event we close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility.
we continually assess our manufacturing operations in order to manufacture and distribute our products in the most efficient manner. based on our assessments, we may make capital improvements to modernize certain units, move manufacturing or distribution capabilities from one plant or facility to another plant or facility, discontinue manufacturing or distributing certain products or close or divest all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility. we also have shared services agreements at several of our plants and if such agreements are terminated or revised, we would assess and potentially adjust our manufacturing operations. the closure or divestiture of all or part of a manufacturing plant or facility could result in future charges that could be significant.
18
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries if we are unable to retain key personnel or attract new skilled personnel, it could have an adverse effect on our business.
the unanticipated departure of any key member of our management team could have an adverse effect on our business. in addition, because of the specialized and technical nature of our business, our future performance is dependent on the continued service of, and on our ability to attract and retain, qualified management, scientific, technical, marketing and support personnel. competition for such personnel is intense, and we may be unable to continue to attract or retain such personnel.
some of our employees are unionized, represented by workers' councils or are employed subject to local laws that are less favorable to employers than the laws of the u.s.
as of february 1, 2016, we had 6,963 employees. certain of these employees are represented by unions or works councils. in addition, a large number of our employees are employed in countries in which employment laws provide greater bargaining or other rights to employees than the laws of the u.s. such employment rights require us to work collaboratively with the legal representatives of the employees to effect any changes to labor arrangements. for example, most of our employees in europe are represented by workers' councils that must approve any changes in conditions of employment, including salaries and benefits and staff changes, and may impede efforts to restructure our workforce. although we believe that we have a good working relationship with our employees, a strike, work stoppage, slowdown or significant dispute with our employees could result in a significant disruption of our operations or higher ongoing labor costs.
our joint ventures may not operate according to their business plans if our partners fail to fulfill their obligations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and may force us to dedicate additional resources to these joint ventures.
we currently participate in a number of joint ventures and may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. the nature of a joint venture requires us to share control with unaffiliated third parties. if our joint venture partners do not fulfill their obligations, the affected joint venture may not be able to operate according to its business plan. in that case, our results of operations may be adversely affected and we may be required to increase the level of our commitment to the joint venture. also, differences in views among joint venture participants may result in delayed decisions or failures to agree on major issues. if these differences cause the joint ventures to deviate from their business plans, our results of operations could be adversely affected.
we may not be able to successfully integrate the businesses of albemarle and rockwood and therefore may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.
realization of the anticipated benefits in the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of albemarle and rockwood. we will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating business practices, operations and support functions.
our success after the merger will also depend in part upon our ability to retain key employees subsequent to the merger. the diversion of management's attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the integration of the two companies' operations could have an adverse effect on our business, financial results, financial condition or our stock price. the integration process may also result in additional and unforeseen expenses. there can be no assurance that the contemplated synergies anticipated from the merger will be realized, or maintained if realized. if the integration is not successful, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. there can be no assurances that the expected benefits and efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will be realized to offset the integration and restructuring costs over time.
we may not be able to consummate future acquisitions or integrate acquisitions into our business, which could result in unanticipated expenses and losses.
as part of our business growth strategy, we have acquired businesses and entered into joint ventures in the past and intend to pursue acquisitions and joint venture opportunities in the future. our ability to implement this component of our growth strategy will be limited by our ability to identify appropriate acquisition or joint venture candidates and our financial resources, including available cash and borrowing capacity. the expense incurred in consummating acquisitions or entering into joint ventures, the time it takes to integrate an acquisition or our failure to integrate businesses successfully, could result in unanticipated expenses and losses. furthermore, we may not be able to realize any of the anticipated benefits from acquisitions or joint ventures.
the process of integrating acquired operations into our existing operations may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and may require significant financial resources that would otherwise be available for the ongoing development or expansion of existing operations. some of the risks associated with the integration of acquisitions include:
•   potential disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management;
19
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•   unforeseen claims and liabilities, including unexpected environmental exposures;
•   unforeseen adjustments, charges and write-offs;
•   problems enforcing the indemnification obligations of sellers of businesses or joint venture partners for claims and liabilities;
•   unexpected losses of customers of, or suppliers to, the acquired business;
•   difficulty in conforming the acquired businesses' standards, processes, procedures and controls with our operations;
•   variability in financial information arising from the implementation of purchase price accounting;
•   inability to coordinate new product and process development;
•   loss of senior managers and other critical personnel and problems with new labor unions; and
•   challenges arising from the increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations.
although our pension plans currently meet minimum funding requirements, events could occur that would require us to make significant contributions to the plans and reduce the cash available for our business.
we have several defined benefit pension plans around the world, including in the u.s., united kingdom ("u.k."), germany, belgium, and japan, covering most of our employees. we are required to make cash contributions to our pension plans to the extent necessary to comply with minimum funding requirements imposed by the various countries' benefit and tax laws. the amount of any such required contributions will be determined annually based on an actuarial valuation of the plans as performed by the plans' actuaries.
in previous years, we have made voluntary contributions to our u.s. qualified defined benefit pension plans. we anticipate approximately $8.0 million of required cash contributions during 2016 for our defined benefit pension plans. additional voluntary pension contributions in and after 2016 may vary depending on factors such as asset returns, interest rates, and legislative changes. the amounts we may elect or be required to contribute to our pension plans in the future may increase significantly. these contributions could be substantial and would reduce the cash available for our business.
further, an economic downturn or recession or market disruption in the capital and credit markets may adversely impact the value of our pension plan assets, our results of operations, our statement of changes in stockholders' equity and our liquidity. for example, we have several pension plans located in germany, belgium, japan and the u.s. our funding obligations could change significantly based on the investment performance of the pension plan assets and changes in actuarial assumptions for local statutory funding valuations. any deterioration of the capital markets or returns available in such markets may negatively impact our pension plan assets and increase our funding obligations for one or more of these plans and negatively impact our liquidity. we cannot predict the impact of this or any further market disruption on our pension funding obligations.
the occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, including domestic and international terrorist attacks, may disrupt our operations and decrease demand for our products.
chemical-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other possible targets in the u.s. and throughout the world. as a result, we are subject to existing federal rules and regulations (and may be subject to additional legislation or regulations in the future) that impose site security requirements on chemical manufacturing facilities, which increase our overhead expenses.
we are also subject to federal regulations that have heightened security requirements for the transportation of hazardous chemicals in the u.s. we believe we have met these requirements but additional federal and local regulations that limit the distribution of hazardous materials are being considered. we ship and receive materials that are classified as hazardous. bans on movement of hazardous materials through cities, like washington, d.c., could affect the efficiency of our logistical operations. broader restrictions on hazardous material movements could lead to additional investment to produce hazardous raw materials and change where and what products we manufacture.
the occurrence of extraordinary events, including future terrorist attacks and the outbreak or escalation of hostilities, cannot be predicted, and their occurrence can be expected to continue to negatively affect the economy in general and specifically the markets for our products. the resulting damage from a direct attack on our assets, or assets used by us, could include loss of life and property damage. in addition, available insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of the damage incurred or, if available, may be prohibitively expensive.
20
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries we will need a significant amount of cash to service our indebtedness and our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control.
our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled payments on our debt depends on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside our control. our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt obligations. if we are unable to service our debt obligations, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets or raise additional equity. we may not be able to refinance any of our indebtedness, sell assets or raise additional equity on commercially reasonable terms or at all, which could cause us to default on our obligations and impair our liquidity. our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.
restrictive covenants in our debt instruments may adversely affect our business.
our february 2014 credit agreement and the indentures governing our senior notes contain select restrictive covenants. these covenants provide constraints on our financial flexibility. the failure to comply with the covenants in our february 2014 credit agreement, the indentures governing the senior notes and the agreements governing other indebtedness, including indebtedness incurred in the future, could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. see "financial condition and liquidity-long-term debt" in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations on page 50.
a downgrade of the ratings on our debt or an increase in interest rates could cause our debt service obligations to increase.
borrowings under our february 2014 credit agreement, our commercial paper program and our september 2015 term loan agreement bear interest at floating rates. the rates under our february 2014 credit agreement and our september 2015 term loan agreement are subject to adjustment based on the ratings of our senior unsecured long-term debt by standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p"), moody's investors services ("moody's") and fitch ratings ("fitch"). s&p has rated our senior unsecured long-term debt as bbb-, moody's has rated our senior unsecured long-term debt as baa3, and fitch has rated our senior unsecured long-term debt as bbb-. s&p has rated our commercial paper as a-3, moody's has rated it as p-3 and fitch has rated it as f-3. s&p, moody's and/or fitch may downgrade our ratings in the future. the downgrading of any of our ratings or an increase in any of the benchmark interest rates would result in an increase of our interest expense on our variable rate borrowings.
changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and the market price of our securities.
credit rating agencies rate our debt securities on factors that include our operating results, actions that we take, their view of the general outlook for our industry and their view of the general outlook for the economy. actions taken by the rating agencies can include maintaining, upgrading or downgrading the current rating or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading. downgrading the credit rating of our debt securities or placing us on a watch list for possible future downgrading would likely increase our cost of future financing, could limit our access to the capital markets and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities.
because a significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures, our ability to service our debt may be dependent on our receipt of distributions or other payments from our subsidiaries and joint ventures.
a significant portion of our operations is conducted through our subsidiaries and joint ventures. as a result, our ability to service our debt may be partially dependent on the earnings of our subsidiaries and joint ventures and the payment of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or advances and through repayment of loans or advances from us. payments to us by our subsidiaries and joint ventures will be contingent upon our subsidiaries' or joint ventures' earnings and other business considerations and may be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions. in addition, there may be significant tax and other legal restrictions on the ability of non-u.s. subsidiaries or joint ventures to remit money to us.
we may continue to expand our business through acquisitions and we may incur additional indebtedness, including indebtedness related to acquisitions.
we have historically expanded our business primarily through acquisitions. a part of our business strategy is to continue to grow through acquisitions that complement our existing technologies and accelerate our growth. because the consummation of acquisitions and integration of acquired businesses involves significant risk, this means that investors in our securities will be subject to the risks inherent in our acquisition strategy. in addition, the indentures governing our senior notes does not limit our
21
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries ability to incur additional indebtedness in connection with acquisitions or otherwise. our credit facilities have limited financial maintenance covenants. as a result, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in connection with acquisitions.
as a result of the merger, albemarle, on a consolidated basis, incurred substantial additional indebtedness and related debt service obligations. this additional indebtedness and the related debt service obligations could have important consequences, including:
•   reducing flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses, the competitive environment and the industries in which we operate, and to technological and other changes;
•   lowering credit ratings;
•   reducing access to capital and increasing borrowing costs generally or for any additional indebtedness to finance future operating and capital expenses and for general corporate purposes;
•   reducing funds available for operations, capital expenditures and other activities; and
•   creating competitive disadvantages relative to other companies with lower debt levels.
we may be subject to increased tax exposure resulting from rockwood pre-acquisition periods.
under the terms of certain purchase agreements, third party sellers have agreed to substantially indemnify us for tax liabilities pertaining to rockwood's pre-acquisition periods generally until the applicable statutes of limitations expire. to the extent such companies fail to indemnify or satisfy their obligations, or if any amount is not covered by the terms of the indemnity, earnings could be negatively impacted in future periods through increased tax expense.
we have not established proven or probable reserves through the completion of a feasibility study for the minerals that we produce.
we have not established proven or probable reserves, as defined by the sec under industry guide 7, through the completion of a "final" or "bankable" feasibility study for any of the minerals that we produce. furthermore, we have no plans to establish proven or probable reserves for any of our projects. since we commenced production without having established proven or probable reserves, there may be greater inherent uncertainty as to whether or not mineralized material can be economically obtained as originally planned and anticipated. also, because we do not have any proven or probable reserves, we may not be able to continue to produce such minerals at existing levels or to expand our production capacity in the future which could harm our business, results or operations and financial condition.
future events may impact our deferred tax asset position and u.s deferred federal income taxes on undistributed earnings of international affiliates that are considered to be reinvested indefinitely.
we evaluate our ability to utilize deferred tax assets and our need for a valuation allowance based on available evidence. this process involves significant management judgment about assumptions that are subject to change from period to period based on changes in tax laws or variances between future projected operating performance and actual results. we are required to establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets if we determine, based on available evidence at the time the determination is made, that it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be utilized. in making this determination, we evaluate all positive and negative evidence as of the end of each reporting period. future adjustments (either increases or decreases), to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance are determined based upon changes in the expected realization of the net deferred tax assets. the utilization of our deferred tax assets ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in either the carry-back or carry-forward periods under the tax law. due to significant estimates used to establish the valuation allowance and the potential for changes in facts and circumstances, it is reasonably possible that we will be required to record adjustments to the valuation allowance in future reporting periods. changes to the valuation allowance or the amount of deferred tax liabilities could have a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. further, should we change our assertion regarding the permanent reinvestment of the undistributed earnings in foreign operations, a deferred tax liability may need to be established.
if our goodwill, intangible assets or long-lived assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"), we review our intangible assets and long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill is tested for impairment on october 31 of each year, or more frequently if required. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances, indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill, intangible assets or long-lived assets may not be recoverable, include, but are not limited to, a decline in our stock price and market capitalization, reduced future cash flow estimates, and slower growth rates in our industry. we may be required to record a significant charge in our financial statements during the
22
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries period in which any impairment of our goodwill, intangible assets or long-lived assets is determined, negatively impacting our results of operations.
our required capital expenditures may exceed our estimates.
our capital expenditures for continuing operations generally consist of expenditures to maintain and improve existing equipment and substantial investments in new equipment. commencement of production requires start-up, commission and certification of product quality by our customers, which may impact the expected timing of sales of product from such facility. construction of large chemical operations is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including, among others, the ability to complete the project on a timely basis and in accordance with the estimated budget for such project and our ability to estimate future demand for our products.
future capital expenditures may be significantly higher, depending on the investment requirements of each of our business lines, and may also vary substantially if we are required to undertake actions to compete with new technologies in our industry. we may not have the capital necessary to undertake these capital investments. if we are unable to do so, we may not be able to effectively compete in some of our markets.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
forward-looking statements some of the information presented in this annual report on form 10-k, including the documents incorporated by reference, may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. such forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations, which are in turn based on assumptions that we believe are reasonable based on our current knowledge of our business and operations. we have used words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "should," "will" and variations of such words and similar expressions to identify such forward-looking statements.
these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions, which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. therefore, there can be no assurance that our actual results will not differ materially from the results and expectations expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements. factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, without limitation:
•   changes in economic and business conditions;
•   changes in financial and operating performance of our major customers and industries and markets served by us;
•   the timing of orders received from customers;
•   the gain or loss of significant customers;
•   competition from other manufacturers;
•   changes in the demand for our products or the end-user markets in which our products are sold;
•   limitations or prohibitions on the manufacture and sale of our products;
•   availability of raw materials;
•   changes in the cost of raw materials and energy, and our ability to pass through such increases;
•   changes in our markets in general;
•   fluctuations in foreign currencies;
29
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•   changes in laws and government regulation impacting our operations or our products;
•   the occurrence of regulatory proceedings, claims or litigation;
•   the occurrence of cyber-security breaches, terrorist attacks, industrial accidents, natural disasters or climate change;
•   hazards associated with chemicals manufacturing;
•   the inability to maintain current levels of product or premises liability insurance or the denial of such coverage;
•   political unrest affecting the global economy, including adverse effects from terrorism or hostilities;
•   political instability affecting our manufacturing operations or joint ventures;
•   changes in accounting standards;
•   the inability to achieve results from our global manufacturing cost reduction initiatives as well as our ongoing continuous improvement and rationalization programs;
•   changes in the jurisdictional mix of our earnings and changes in tax laws and rates;
•   changes in monetary policies, inflation or interest rates that may impact our ability to raise capital or increase our cost of funds, impact the performance of our pension fund investments and increase our pension expense and funding obligations;
•   volatility and uncertainties in the debt and equity markets;
•   technology or intellectual property infringement, including cyber-security breaches, and other innovation risks;
•   decisions we may make in the future;
•   the ability to successfully execute, operate and integrate acquisitions and divestitures, including the integration of rockwood's operations, and realize anticipated synergies and other benefits; and
•   the other factors detailed from time to time in the reports we file with the sec.
we assume no obligation to provide revisions to any forward-looking statements should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws. the following discussion should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included in this annual report on form 10-k.
the following is a discussion and analysis of results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. a discussion of consolidated financial condition and sources of additional capital is included under a separate heading "financial condition and liquidity" on page 48.
overview we are a leading global developer, manufacturer and marketer of highly-engineered specialty chemicals that meets customer needs across a diverse range of end markets. the end markets we serve include petroleum refining, consumer electronics, energy storage, construction, automotive, steel and aerospace, lubricants, pharmaceuticals, crop protection, household appliances, heating, ventilation, aluminum finishing, food safety and custom chemistry services. we believe that our commercial and geographic diversity, technical expertise, innovative capability, flexible, low-cost global manufacturing base, experienced management team and strategic focus on our core base technologies will enable us to maintain leading market positions in those areas of the specialty chemicals industry in which we operate.
secular trends favorably impacting demand within the end markets that we serve combined with our diverse product portfolio, broad geographic presence and customer-focused solutions will continue to be key drivers to our future earnings growth. we continue to build upon our existing green solutions portfolio and our ongoing mission to provide innovative, yet commercially viable, clean energy products and services to the marketplace. we believe our disciplined cost reduction efforts, ongoing productivity improvements and our recently completed acquisition of rockwood position us well to take advantage of strengthening economic conditions as they occur while softening the negative impact of the current challenging global economic environment.
2015 highlights
•   in the first quarter, we increased our quarterly dividend for the 21st consecutive year, to $0.29 per share.
•   on january 12, 2015, we completed the acquisition of rockwood for a purchase price of approximately $5.7 billion.
•   in connection with the acquisition of rockwood, we realigned our organizational structure under three reportable segments: performance chemicals, refining solutions and chemetall surface treatment.
•   on february 19, 2015, our chemetall surface treatment segment completed the acquisition of all remaining shares of its shanghai chemetall joint venture for a purchase price of $57.6 million.
30
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries
•   we repaid our $325.0 million senior notes which matured on february 1, 2015.
•   we announced a new leading-edge catalyst that will further strengthen our position in the hydrocracking pre-treat ("hc-pt") market. pilot plant testing of the new hc-pt catalyst is complete and commercial sales have begun.
•   on may 1, 2015, our chemetall surface treatment segment completed the acquisition of the aluminum finishing business of chemal gmbh &amp; co. kg ("chemal gmbh"), based in hamm, germany. cash paid in connection with this acquisition was approximately $2.2 million.
•   we announced the start of commissioning activities associated with our new, state-of-the-art lithium carbonate production plant located at our la negra site in northern chile. we believe the 20,000 mt plant will help enable the company to meet the accelerating demand for lithium.
•   we announced our intent to transfer the production of n-butyllithium from our facility in new johnsonville, tennessee, to existing plants in germany and taiwan. the transfer process is expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2016. the new johnsonville facility will continue to manufacture some specialty lithium products and will support blending operations for customers in north america.
•   we announced that we will relocate our corporate headquarters and performance chemicals business from baton rouge, la to charlotte, nc. in addition, we will relocate baton rouge employees in our refining solutions business to our existing clear lake, tx office. approximately 120 employees will be relocated to charlotte or clear lake, with the majority of the relocations expected to take place in june 2016.
•   on october 15, 2015, we redeemed all of the outstanding 4.625% senior notes issued by our wholly-owned subsidiary, rockwood specialties group, inc., at a redemption price of 103.469% of the principal amount of $1.25 billion, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. the 4.625% senior notes were repaid with proceeds from a new term loan credit facility, comprised of a 364-day term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $300 million and a five-year term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $950 million.
•   we announced our intention to add up to 50,000 mt of mineral conversion production capacity to significantly boost battery grade lithium production to meet the growing needs of the energy storage market, in particular for customers in the global transportation industry utilizing lithium ion battery technology. albemarle has commenced feasibility studies and is evaluating potential sites. the plant is expected to be operational in 2020.
•   we announced the first commercial application of our alkystartm catalyst technology in shandong, china. our zeolite-based alkystartm catalyst successfully produced high-quality alkylate after start-up of the world's first solid acid catalyst alkylation unit.
•   on november 5, 2015, we signed a definitive agreement to sell our tribotecc metal sulfides business to treibacher industrie ag. on january 4, 2016, the company closed the sale of this business. included in the transaction were sites in vienna and arnoldstein, austria, and tribotecc's proprietary sulfide syntheses process. we received net proceeds of approximately $137 million in the first quarter of 2016 from the sale of this business.
•   on december 16, 2015, the company signed a definitive agreement to sell its minerals-based flame retardants and specialty chemicals businesses to huber engineered materials, a division of j.m. huber corporation. the transaction includes albemarle's martinswerk gmbh subsidiary and manufacturing facility located in bergheim, germany, and albemarle's 50% ownership interest in magnifin magnesiaprodukte gmbh, a joint-venture with radex heraklith industriebeteiligung ag at breitenau, austria. on february 1, 2016, the company closed the sale of these businesses and received net proceeds of approximately $187 million.
•   on december 23, 2015, we paid approximately $4.8 million in connection with the acquisition of the remaining noncontrolling interests' share of nanjing chemetall surface technologies co., ltd.
•   we achieved earnings from continuing operations of $360.1 million during 2015 as compared to $230.4 million for 2014. our operating results contributed $360.7 million to cash flows from operations in 2015. earnings from continuing operations for 2015 includes pension and other postretirement benefit ("opeb") actuarial gains of $27.8 million after income taxes, compared to pension and opeb actuarial losses of $83.3 million after income taxes in 2014.
outlook on october 26, 2015, we announced that effective january 1, 2016, performance chemicals will be split into two separate reportable segments: (1) bromine specialties, and (2) lithium and advanced materials, which will include performance catalyst solutions and curatives. each unit will have a dedicated team of sales, product management, research & development, process technology, manufacturing, sourcing, sales and operations planning and customer service groups and will have full accountability for improving execution through greater asset and market focus, agility and responsiveness. we expect this change to provide further clarity into the performance of each business.
31
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries the current global business environment presents a diverse set of opportunities and challenges in the markets we serve, from slow and uneven global growth, currency exchange volatility, significantly lower crude oil prices, a dynamic pricing environment in bromine derivatives and an ever-changing landscape in electronics, to the continuous need for cutting edge catalysts and technology by our refinery customers, diverse energy storage needs including exciting opportunities in electric vehicles, and increasingly stringent environmental standards. amidst these dynamics, we believe our business fundamentals are sound and that we are strategically well-positioned as we remain focused on increasing sales volumes, significant deleveraging following our acquisition of rockwood, optimizing and improving the value of our portfolio through pricing and product development, managing costs and delivering value to our customers. we believe that our businesses remain positioned to capitalize on new business opportunities and long-term trends driving growth within our end markets and to respond quickly to improved economic conditions. additionally, we are on track to exceed our original expectations regarding synergies from the acquisition of the rockwood businesses earlier in the year.
through 2015, our operations were managed and reported under three reportable segments: performance chemicals, refining solutions and chemetall surface treatment. financial results and discussion about our segments included in this annual report on form 10-k are organized according to these categories except where noted.
performance chemicals: we expect 2016 to be a challenging year for bromine sales and profitability growth due to an expected decline in demand of clear brine fluids used in offshore drilling projects as well as the expiration of a methyl bromide supply agreement at the end of 2015 that was not replaced. through working capital discipline and strong controls on costs, we expect to generate healthy cash flows in the bromine business despite these challenges.
for lithium and advanced materials, we expect continued strong growth in 2016 led by demand in battery grade applications and continued price improvement in lithium. performance catalyst solutions experienced strong growth in 2015 due market demand in general and due to certain competitor outages, and we expect to maintain a similar level of profitability in 2016.
we believe that the combination of solid, long-term business fundamentals, with our strong cost position, product innovations and effective management of raw material inventory inflation will enable us to manage our business through end market challenges and to capitalize on opportunities that are expected with favorable market trends in select end markets and with a more evenly sustained economic recovery.
on a long-term basis for bromine, we continue to believe that improving global standards of living, widespread digitization, increasing demand for data management capacity and the potential for increasingly stringent fire safety regulations in developing markets are likely to drive continued demand for fire safety products. demand for drilling completion fluids in 2015 held up better than expected, but is likely to still be impacted negatively in the short term as a result of sustained lower oil prices impacting offshore drilling projects around the world. longer term, absent an increase in regulatory pressure on offshore drilling, we would expect this business to resume a solid growth trajectory once oil prices recover from recent levels as we expect that deep water drilling will continue to increase around the world. we are focused on profitably growing our globally competitive bromine and derivatives production network to serve all major bromine consuming products and markets. we believe the global supply/demand gap will tighten as demand for existing and possible new uses of bromine expands over time.
on a long-term basis for lithium and advanced materials, we believe that demand for lithium will continue to grow as new applications for lithium power continue to be developed and the use of plug-in hybrid electric vehicles and battery electric vehicles escalates. in addition, we expect growth in performance catalyst solutions to come from growing global demand for plastics driven by rising standards of living and infrastructure spending, particularly in asia and the middle east.
refining solutions: 2015 net sales were down 14% and adjusted ebitda was down 23% due largely to declines in clean fuels technology sales volumes slightly offset by solid growth in heavy oil upgrading volumes. in 2016, despite some near-term concerns about how the price of oil will impact the crude slate used by refineries and the resulting demand for catalysts, we expect to see continued, sustained high level performance from heavy oil upgrading as well as improvement in clean fuels technology results due to increased change outs by refiners and an improved product mix, although certain national oil companies, among others, are expected to look for ways to delay catalysts change outs due to the current oil economic environment.
on a longer term basis, we believe increased global demand for transportation fuels and implementation of more stringent fuel quality requirements will drive growth in our refining solutions business. delivering superior end-use performance continues to be the most effective way to create sustainable value in the refinery catalysts industry, and we believe our technologies continue to provide significant performance and financial benefits to refiners challenged to meet tighter regulations around the world, those managing new contaminants present in north america tight oil, and those in the middle
32
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries east and asia seeking to use heavier feedstock while pushing for higher propylene yields. while lower oil prices may impact the overall crude slate for a period of time, longer term, we believe that the global crude supply will get heavier and more sour, trends that bode well for catalysts demand. given this and based on our technology, current production capacities and expected growth in end market demand, we believe that we remain well-positioned for the future.
chemetall surface treatment: demand for surface treatment products generally follows the activity levels of metal processing manufacturers, including the automotive, steel and aerospace industries, as well as products sold to general industrial markets, including heavy equipment, household appliances, manufacturing, heating, ventilation and aluminum finishing. we believe that our strong customer relationships, service, and our geographic and end market diversity coupled with the growth coming from recently completed acquisitions, will lead to continued growth for 2016.
on a longer term basis, we expect to continue to generate growth from our focus on new product development, improving process technologies, expanding our customer base, and broadening our technology capabilities in existing and new markets through internal research and development and bolt-on acquisitions.
all other: in 2015, we announced our intention to pursue strategic alternatives for several businesses: minerals-based flame retardants and specialty chemicals, fine chemistry services and metal sulfides, which together comprise the "all other" category. we closed on the sale of the metal sulfides business on january 4, 2016 and we closed on the sale of the minerals-based flame retardants and specialty chemicals business on february 1, 2016.
corporate: in the first quarter of 2016, we increased our quarterly dividend rate to $0.305 per share. we continue to focus on cash generation, working capital management and process efficiencies. we expect our global effective tax rate for 2016 to be approximately 23.0%; however, our rate will vary based on the locales in which income is actually earned and remains subject to potential volatility from changing legislation in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions.
actuarial gains and losses related to our defined benefit pension and opeb plan obligations are reflected in corporate as a component of non-operating pension and opeb plan costs under mark-to-market accounting. results for the year ended december 31, 2015 include an actuarial gain of $38.9 million ($27.8 million after income taxes), as compared to a loss of $130.8 million ($83.3 million after income taxes) for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we remain committed to evaluating the merits of any opportunities that may arise for acquisitions or other business development activities that will complement our business footprint. additional information regarding our products, markets and financial performance is provided at our web site, www.albemarle.com. our web site is not a part of this document nor is it incorporated herein by reference.
33
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries results of operations the following data and discussion provides an analysis of certain significant factors affecting our results of operations during the periods included in the accompanying consolidated statements of income.
selected financial data                                                                                                                                            year ended december 31,                               percentage change
2015                                                                                                                                                      2014                        2013           2015 vs. 2014           2014 vs. 2013
(in thousands, except percentages and per share amounts)
net sales                                                                                                         $3,651,335                  $2,445,548                  $2,394,270                   49        %              2   %
cost of goods sold                                                                                                 2,454,463                   1,674,700                   1,543,799                   47        %              8   %
gross profit                                                                                                       1,196,872                     770,848                     850,471                   55        %             (9   )%
gross profit margin                                                                                                     32.8     %                  31.5     %                  35.5     %
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                         512,274                     355,135                     158,189                   44        %            125   %
research and development expenses                                                                                    102,871                      88,310                      82,246                   16        %              7   %
restructuring and other, net                                                                                          (6,804     )                25,947                      33,361                 (126       )%            (22   )%
acquisition and integration related costs                                                                            146,096                      30,158                           -                  384        %              *
operating profit                                                                                                     442,435                     271,298                     576,675                   63        %            (53   )%
operating profit margin                                                                                                 12.1     %                  11.1     %                  24.1     %
interest and financing expenses                                                                                     (132,722     )               (41,358     )               (31,559     )            221        %             31   %
other income (expenses), net                                                                                          48,474                     (16,761     )                (6,674     )              *                     151   %
income from continuing operations before income taxes and equity in net income of unconsolidated investments         358,187                     213,179                     538,442                   68        %            (60   )%
income tax expense                                                                                                    29,122                      18,484                     134,445                   58        %            (86   )%
effective tax rate                                                                                                       8.1     %                   8.7     %                  25.0     %
income from continuing operations before equity in net income of unconsolidated investments                          329,065                     194,695                     403,997                   69        %            (52   )%
equity in net income of unconsolidated investments (net of tax)                                                       30,999                      35,742                      31,729                  (13       )%             13   %
net income from continuing operations                                                                                360,064                     230,437                     435,726                   56        %            (47   )%
(loss) income from discontinued operations (net of tax)                                                                    -                     (69,531     )                 4,108                 (100       )%              *
net income                                                                                                           360,064                     160,906                     439,834                  124        %            (63   )%
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                  (25,158     )               (27,590     )               (26,663     )             (9       )%              3   %
net income attributable to albemarle corporation                                                                    $334,906                    $133,316                    $413,171                  151        %            (68   )%
net income from continuing operations as a percentage of net sales                                                       9.9     %                   9.4     %                  18.2     %
basic earnings (loss) per share:
continuing operations                                                                                                  $3.01                       $2.57                       $4.88                   17        %            (47   )%
discontinued operations                                                                                                    -                       (0.88     )                  0.05                 (100       )%              *
$3.01                       $1.69                       $4.93                   78        %            (66   )%
diluted earnings (loss) per share:
continuing operations                                                                                                  $3.00                       $2.57                       $4.85                   17        %            (47   )%
discontinued operations                                                                                                    -                       (0.88     )                  0.05                 (100       )%              *
$3.00                       $1.69                       $4.90                   78        %            (66   )%
* percentage calculation is not meaningful.
34
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries comparison of 2015 to 2014
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded net sales of $3.65 billion, a 49% increase compared to net sales of $2.45 billion for the corresponding period of 2014. approximately $1.4 billion of the increase was attributable to the impact of the rockwood acquisition. excluding the acquisition of rockwood, net sales decreased by $210.1 million primarily due to $106.5 million of unfavorable sales volumes, $87.7 million of unfavorable impacts from currency translation and $15.8 million of unfavorable price impacts due to market conditions and portfolio mix. the unfavorable sales volumes were due to lower clean fuels technologies, fine chemistry services, and bromine volumes partially offset by increased heavy oil upgrading and pcs sales volumes. the unfavorable price impacts were primarily due to lower refining solutions, fine chemistry services, and pcs prices partly offset by favorable price impacts for bromine.
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2015, our gross profit increased $426.0 million, or 55%, from the corresponding 2014 period. gross profit for 2015 includes $1.4 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $2.0 million) allocated to cost of good sold, as compared to $36.5 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to-market actuarial losses of $36.4 million) allocated to cost of goods sold in 2014. excluding the $37.9 million increase in gross profit related to pension and opeb plans, gross profit increased by $388.1 million due to $470.9 million of gross profit attributable to the performance of the acquired rockwood business, which includes a $75.9 million charge for the utilization of the inventory markup recorded as part of purchase accounting for the acquisition, partially offset by an $82.8 million decrease in gross profit due primarily to unfavorable impacts from currency translation, unfavorable price impacts due to market conditions and portfolio mix and lower overall sales volumes. overall, these factors contributed to a higher gross profit margin for the year ended december 31, 2015 of 32.8%, up from 31.5% in the corresponding period of 2014. excluding the impact of pension and opeb mark-to-market actuarial losses and gains, our gross profit margin was 32.7% in 2015 and 33.0% in 2014.
the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2014 is primarily attributable to: (a) a decrease in the weighted-average discount rate for our pension plans to 4.03% from 5.00% to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2014 measurement date, and (b) changes in mortality assumptions, and to a lesser extent, other demographic assumptions related to our pension plans. the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2014 was partially offset by a higher return on pension plan assets in 2014 than was expected, as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance. the weighted-average actual return on our u.s. pension plan assets was 8.87% versus an expected return of 6.91%.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015, our selling, general and administrative ("sg&a") expenses increased $157.1 million, or 44%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. sg&a expenses for 2015 includes approximately $37.4 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $36.9 million) allocated to sg&a, as compared to $97.1 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to-market actuarial losses of $94.5 million) allocated to sg&a in 2014. excluding the $134.5 million decrease in sg&a related to pension and opeb plans, sg&a increased by $291.6 million, or 13.0%, due to the acquisition of rockwood, net of realized synergies. as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses were 14.0% in 2015, compared to 14.5% in 2014. excluding the impact of pension and opeb mark-to-market actuarial losses and gains, sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales were 15.0% in 2015 and 10.7% in 2014.
the mark-to-market actuarial gain in 2015 is primarily attributable to: (a) an increase in the weighted-average discount rate to 4.67% from 4.18% for our u.s. pension plans and to 2.89% from 2.34% for our foreign pension plans to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2015 measurement date, and (b) changes in mortality assumptions. the mark-to-market actuarial gain in 2015 was partially offset by a lower return on pension plan assets in 2015 than was expected, as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance. the weighted-average actual return on our u.s. and foreign pension plan assets was (2.74)% versus an expected return of 6.85%. the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2014 resulted from the factors as discussed in gross profit above.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015, our r&d expenses increased $14.6 million, or 16%, from the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the acquisition of rockwood. as a percentage of net sales, r&d expenses were 2.8% in 2015, compared to 3.6% in 2014.
35
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries restructuring and other, net included in restructuring and other, net, for the year ended december 31, 2015 is a gain of $6.8 million ($5.4 million after income taxes) recognized upon the sale of land in avonmouth, u.k., which was utilized by the phosphorus flame retardants business we exited in 2012. restructuring and other, net, of $25.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes the following items:
(a)   estimated costs of approximately $20.5 million ($13.6 million after income taxes) in connection with action we initiated to reduce the high cost supply capacity of certain aluminum alkyl products, primarily through the termination of a third party manufacturing contract.
(b)   an impairment charge of $3.0 million ($1.9 million after income taxes) for certain capital project costs also related to aluminum alkyls capacity which we do not expect to recover.
(c)   other net charges of $2.4 million ($1.4 million after income taxes), mainly in connection with a write-off of certain multi-product facility project costs that we do not expect to recover in future periods.
acquisition and integration related costs the year ended december 31, 2015 includes $137.7 million of acquisition and integration related costs directly related to the acquisition of rockwood (mainly consisting of professional services and advisory fees, costs to achieve synergies, relocation costs, and other integration costs) and $8.4 million of costs in connection with other significant projects. the year ended december 31, 2014 includes $23.6 million of acquisition and integration related costs directly related to the acquisition of rockwood and $6.6 million of costs in connection with other significant projects.
interest and financing expenses interest and financing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased $91.4 million to $132.7 million from the corresponding 2014 period, due mainly to higher borrowing levels in connection with the acquisition of rockwood. included in 2015 is a charge of approximately $5.4 million related to the early extinguishment of the 4.625% senior notes we assumed from rockwood.
other income (expenses), net other income (expenses), net, for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $48.5 million versus ($16.8) million for the corresponding 2014 period. the change was due mainly to $54.7 million of favorable foreign currency translation gains and a $12.3 million reduction in amortization of bridge facility fees and other financing fees related to the acquisition of rockwood. the foreign currency gains are primarily related to cash denominated in u.s. dollars held by foreign subsidiaries where the european union euro serves as the functional currency.
income tax expense the effective income tax rate for 2015 was 8.1% compared to 8.7% for 2014. our effective income tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory income tax rates in the comparative periods mainly due to the impact of earnings from outside the u.s, including net impacts on the release of the liability from earnings that were not indefinitely invested and were repatriated from legacy rockwood. our effective tax rate for 2015 was affected by discrete net tax benefit items of $41.6 million related mainly to the release of prior year uncertain tax positions associated with lapses in statutes of limitations and audit closures, items associated with u.s. provision to return adjustments, and an opeb plan termination gain recorded in the period. our effective income tax rate in 2014 was affected by tax benefits of $74.2 million related to restructuring charges, a pension plan actuarial loss and the release of reserves related principally to the expiration of the u.s. federal statute of limitations. see note 20, "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a reconciliation of the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate to our effective rate for 2015 and 2014.
equity in net income of unconsolidated investments equity in net income of unconsolidated investments was $31.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $35.7 million in the same period last year. the current year equity in net income of unconsolidated investments includes a $27.1 million charge for utilization of fair value adjustments to inventories as well as a $2.0 million impairment charge related to our unconsolidated investment in fábrica carioca de catalisadores sa. excluding theses charges, equity in net income of unconsolidated investments increased by $24.4 million primarily due to equity income derived from unconsolidated investments we acquired from rockwood (performance chemicals and chemetall surface treatment segments), partially offset
36
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries by lower equity income reported by our refining solutions segment joint venture nippon ketjen company limited primarily due to lower sales volumes.
loss from discontinued operations loss from discontinued operations, after income taxes, of $69.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes a pre-tax charge of $85.5 million ($65.7 million after income taxes) related to the sale of our antioxidant, ibuprofen and propofol businesses and assets to si group, inc., which closed on september 1, 2014. this charge represented the difference between the carrying value of the related assets and their fair value as determined by the sales price less estimated costs to sell, and was primarily attributable to the write-off of goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets, net of cumulative foreign currency translation gains of $17.8 million.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended december 31, 2015, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $25.2 million compared to $27.6 million in the same period last year. this decrease of $2.4 million was due primarily to changes in consolidated income related to our jordanian joint venture.
net income attributable to albemarle corporation net income attributable to albemarle corporation increased to $334.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, from $133.3 million for the corresponding period of 2014. the total estimated impact of the rockwood acquisition is income of approximately $3.8 million before income taxes, including earnings of the acquiree (as included in note 2, "acquisitions" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report), acquisition and integration related costs, interest expense associated with additional borrowings, and other currency transaction gains related to the execution of the closing. excluding the impact of the rockwood acquisition, net income increased approximately $197.8 million primarily due to a $144.4 million decrease in pension and opeb charges versus the prior year, the loss from discontinued operations and restructuring and other charges in the prior year of $69.5 million and $25.9 million, respectively, plus the gain on sale of land of $6.8 million in restructuring and other for the 2015 period, partly offset by unfavorable impacts in operating profit of approximately $48.8 million, including the unfavorable impacts of currency translation.
other comprehensive loss, net of tax total other comprehensive loss, after income taxes, was $360.8 million in 2015 compared to $178.7 million in 2014. the majority of these amounts are the result of translating our foreign subsidiary financial statements from their local currencies to u.s. dollars. in 2015, other comprehensive loss from foreign currency translation adjustments was $413.0 million, mainly as a result of unfavorable movements in the european union euro of approximately $279 million, the british pound sterling of approximately $49 million, the brazilian real of approximately $30 million, the turkish lira of approximately $10 million, the korean won of approximately $7 million, the chinese renminbi of approximately $8 million, the south african rand of approximately $8 million and a net unfavorable variance in various other currencies totaling approximately $23 million (each approximately $5 million or less). also included in total other comprehensive loss for 2015 is income of $50.9 million in connection with the revaluation of our €700.0 million senior notes which were designated as a hedge of our net investment in foreign operations. in 2014, other comprehensive loss from foreign currency translation adjustments was $168.8 million, mainly as a result of unfavorable movements in the european union euro of approximately $124 million, the chinese renminbi of approximately $18 million and the brazilian real of approximately $13 million. also included in total other comprehensive loss for 2014 is a realized loss of $21.0 million related to an interest rate swap which settled in the fourth quarter of 2014, and income of $11.4 million in connection with the revaluation of our €700.0 million senior notes and settlement of related foreign currency forward contracts, both of which were designated as a hedge of our net investment in foreign operations.
segment information overview. summarized financial information concerning our reportable segments is shown in the following tables. results for 2014 have been recast to reflect the change in segments previously noted and a change in our measure of segment profit or loss to adjusted ebitda as discussed below. during the first quarter we announced our intention to pursue strategic alternatives for several businesses - mineral flame retardants, fine chemistry services and metal sulfides, which together comprise the "all other" category. the corporate category is not considered to be a segment and includes corporate-related items not allocated to the reportable segments. pension and opeb service cost (which represents the benefits earned by active employees during the period) and amortization of prior service cost or benefit are allocated to the segments, all other, and corporate, whereas the remaining components of pension and opeb benefits cost or credit ("non-operating
37
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries pension and opeb items") are included in corporate. segment data includes intersegment transfers of raw materials at cost and allocations for certain corporate costs.
beginning in 2015, the company uses earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, as adjusted for certain non-recurring or unusual items such as restructuring charges, facility divestiture charges, non-operating pension and opeb items and other significant non-recurring items ("adjusted ebitda"), on a segment basis to assess the ongoing performance of the company's business segments. adjusted ebitda is a financial measure that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, u.s. gaap. the company has reported adjusted ebitda because management believes it provides transparency to investors and enables period-to-period comparability of financial performance. adjusted ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with u.s. gaap.
year ended december 31,          percentage change
2015                                  %   2014                                    %              2015 vs. 2014
(in thousands, except percentages)
net sales:
performance chemicals                $1,610,319             44.1    %           $1,121,645              45.9    %              44          %
refining solutions                      729,261             20.0    %              852,139              34.8    %             (14         )%
chemetall surface treatment             824,906             22.6    %                    -                 -    %               *
all other                               471,434             12.9    %              471,764              19.3    %               -          %
corporate                                15,415              0.4    %                    -                 -    %               *
total net sales                      $3,651,335            100.0    %           $2,445,548             100.0    %              49          %
adjusted ebitda:
performance chemicals                  $535,520             55.8    %             $306,572              54.5    %              75          %
refining solutions                      197,595             20.6    %              256,485              45.6    %             (23         )%
chemetall surface treatment             202,028             21.1    %                    -                 -    %               *
all other                                53,993              5.6    %               73,973              13.2    %             (27         )%
corporate                               (29,814    )        (3.1   )%              (74,875    )        (13.3   )%             (60         )%
total adjusted ebitda                  $959,322            100.0    %             $562,155             100.0    %              71          %
* percentage calculation is not meaningful.
38
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries see below for a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda, the non-gaap financial measure, to net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with u.s. gaap, (in thousands):
performance chemicals         refining solutions         chemetall surface treatment         reportable segments total        all other                 corporate         consolidated total
2015
adjusted ebitda                                           $535,520                      $197,595                   $202,028                            $935,143                         $53,993              $(29,814     )          $959,322
depreciation and amortization                             (120,248            )         (34,039           )        (78,903                 )           (233,190              )          (18,183     )          (8,703     )          (260,076        )
utilization of inventory markup(a)                        (79,977             )         -                          (20,030                 )           (100,007              )          (3,029      )               -                (103,036        )
restructuring and other, net                              -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                       6,804                   6,804
acquisition and integration related costs(b)              -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                    (146,096     )          (146,096        )
interest and financing expenses                           -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                    (132,722     )          (132,722        )
income tax expense                                        -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                     (29,122     )           (29,122        )
non-operating pension and opeb items                      -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                      46,244                  46,244
other(c)                                                  -                             (1,971            )        -                                   (1,971                )          -                      (4,441     )            (6,412        )
net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation   $335,295                      $161,585                   $103,095                            $599,975                         $32,781             $(297,850     )          $334,906
2014
adjusted ebitda                                           $306,572                      $256,485                   $-                                  $563,057                         $73,973              $(74,875     )          $562,155
depreciation and amortization(d)                          (51,707             )         (32,670           )        -                                   (84,377               )          (13,478     )          (2,552     )          (100,407        )
restructuring and other, net                              -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                     (25,947     )           (25,947        )
acquisition and integration related costs(b)              -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                     (30,158     )           (30,158        )
interest and financing expenses                           -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                     (41,358     )           (41,358        )
income tax expense                                        -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                     (18,484     )           (18,484        )
loss from discontinued operations (net of tax)            -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                     (69,531     )           (69,531        )
non-operating pension and opeb items                      -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                    (125,462     )          (125,462        )
other(e)                                                  -                             -                          -                                   -                                -                     (17,492     )           (17,492        )
net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation   $254,865                      $223,815                   $-                                  $478,680                         $60,495             $(405,859     )          $133,316
(a)   in connection with the acquisition of rockwood, the company valued rockwood's existing inventory at fair value as of the acquisition closing date, which resulted in a markup of the underlying net book value of the inventory totaling approximately $103 million. the inventory markup was expensed over the estimated remaining selling period. for the year ended december 31, 2015, $75.9 million was included in cost of goods sold, and equity in net income of unconsolidated investments was reduced by $27.1 million, related to the utilization of the inventory markup.
(b)   see "acquisition and integration related costs" on page 36 for a description of these costs.
(c)   refining solutions includes an impairment charge of approximately $2.0 million related to our unconsolidated investment in fábrica carioca de catalisadores sa. corporate includes approximately $4.4 million of financing-related fees expensed in connection with the acquisition of rockwood.
(d)   excludes discontinued operations.
(e)   financing-related fees expensed in connection with the acquisition of rockwood.
performance chemicals performance chemicals segment net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $1.61 billion, up $488.7 million, or 44%, in comparison to the same period in 2014. the increase was driven mainly by the acquisition of rockwood, $26.0 million of favorable pcs volumes due to higher demand, and $9.4 million of favorable bromine price impacts on certain products, partly offset by $21.8 million of unfavorable bromine volumes on weaker demand and $27.9 million of unfavorable impacts from currency translation, primarily due to the weaker european union euro. adjusted ebitda for performance chemicals was up 75%, or $228.9 million, to $535.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, with approximately $213.5 million due to the acquisition of rockwood, $24.6 million in higher pcs sales volumes due to strong demand, and $9.4 million in favorable bromine pricing impacts due to market conditions, offset partly by $16.1 million of unfavorable impacts of currency translation, primarily due to the weaker european union euro.
39
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries refining solutions refining solutions segment net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $729.3 million, a decrease of $122.9 million, or 14%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. this decrease was predominantly due to $103.5 million of unfavorable clean fuels technology volumes due to customer demand, $15.0 million unfavorable clean fuels technology and heavy oil upgrading pricing impacts due to product and customer mix, and $30.4 million of unfavorable impacts from currency translation, primarily due to the weaker european union euro, partially offset by $30.4 million of higher heavy oil upgrading volumes. refining solutions adjusted ebitda decreased 23%, or $58.9 million, to $197.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 in comparison to the corresponding period of 2014. this decrease was due primarily to lower overall sales volumes primarily in clean fuels technology due to lower demand, unfavorable pricing and mix due to economic conditions and specific crude feeds, and unfavorable impacts of currency translation, primarily due to the weaker european union euro, partially offset by $21.7 million in favorable pricing on raw materials and natural gas.
chemetall surface treatment arising from the acquisition of rockwood, chemetall surface treatment segment net sales and adjusted ebitda for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $824.9 million, and $202.0 million, respectively.
all other all other net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $471.4 million, a decrease of $0.3 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the decrease was driven mainly by $55.3 million of unfavorable fine chemistry services volumes, and $29.4 million of unfavorable impacts from currency translation impacts, primarily due to the weaker european union euro, offset by the acquisition of rockwood. all other adjusted ebitda was down 27%, or $20.0 million, for the year ended december 31, 2015 in comparison to the same period of 2014. this decrease was due primarily to lower overall sales and unfavorable impacts from currency translation, primarily due to the weaker european union euro, partially offset by the acquisition of rockwood.
corporate corporate adjusted ebitda was a charge of $29.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, a decrease of $45.1 million, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the change was due mainly to $52.7 million of foreign currency translation gains and achieved synergies partially offset by the acquisition of rockwood. the foreign translation gains are primarily related to cash denominated in u.s. dollars held by foreign subsidiaries where the european union euro serves as the functional currency.
comparison of 2014 to 2013
net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded net sales of $2.45 billion, a 2% increase compared to net sales of $2.39 billion for the corresponding period of 2013. this increase was due primarily to favorable volume impacts of approximately $60.1 million in refining solutions, $11.3 million in minerals and $8.3 million in performance chemicals partially offset by unfavorable volume impacts of approximately $27.8 million in fine chemistry services and unfavorable currency impacts of approximately $2.2 million due to a stronger u.s. dollar as we closed out the year.
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2014, our gross profit decreased $79.6 million, or 9%, from the corresponding 2013 period. our gross profit for 2014 was impacted by approximately $36.5 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to-market actuarial losses of $36.4 million) allocated to cost of goods sold, as compared to $42.2 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $42.7 million) allocated to cost of goods sold in 2013. overall, these factors contributed to our gross profit margin of 31.5% for 2014, down from 35.5% in 2013. excluding the impact of pension and opeb mark-to-market actuarial losses and gains, our gross profit margin was 33.0% in 2014 and 33.7% in 2013.
the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2014 is primarily attributable to: (a) a decrease in the weighted-average discount rate for our pension plans to 4.03% from 5.00% to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2014 measurement date, and (b) changes in mortality assumptions, and to a lesser extent, other demographic assumptions related to our pension plans. the mark-to-market actuarial loss in 2014 was partially offset by a higher return on pension plan assets in 2014 than was expected, as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance. the weighted-average actual return on our u.s. pension plan assets was 8.87% versus an expected return of 6.91%.
40
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries the mark-to-market actuarial gain in 2013 is primarily attributable to: (a) an increase in the weighted-average discount rate for our pension plans to 5.00% from 4.04% to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2013 measurement date; (b) the weighted-average actual return on u.s. pension plan assets of 15.07% was higher than the expected return of 7.25% as a result of overall market and investment portfolio performance; and (c) changes in demographic assumptions related to our pension plans, such as mortality rates, rates of compensation and other factors.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014, our sg&a expenses increased $196.9 million, or 125%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily due to unfavorable pension and opeb items and incentive compensation costs. sg&a expenses for 2014 includes approximately $97.1 million of pension and opeb costs (including mark-to-market actuarial losses of $94.5 million), as compared to $90.5 million of pension and opeb benefits (including mark-to-market actuarial gains of $96.3 million) in 2013. the mark-to-market actuarial losses and gains in 2014 and 2013, respectively, resulted from the factors as discussed in gross profit above.
as a percentage of net sales, sg&a expenses were 14.5% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 6.6% for the corresponding period in 2013. excluding the impact of pension and opeb mark-to-market actuarial losses and gains, sg&a expenses as a percentage of net sales were 10.7% in 2014 and 10.6% in 2013.
research and development expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014, our r&d expenses increased $6.1 million, or 7%, from the year ended december 31, 2013, mainly as a result of higher personnel costs and higher spending for outside services. as a percentage of net sales, r&d expenses were 3.6% in 2014, compared to 3.4% in 2013.
restructuring and other, net restructuring and other, net, of $25.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 includes the following items:
(a)   estimated costs of approximately $20.5 million ($13.6 million after income taxes) in connection with action we initiated to reduce the high cost supply capacity of certain aluminum alkyl products, primarily through the termination of a third party manufacturing contract.
(b)   an impairment charge of $3.0 million ($1.9 million after income taxes) for certain capital project costs also related to aluminum alkyls capacity which we do not expect to recover.
(c)   other net charges of $2.4 million ($1.4 million after income taxes), mainly in connection with a write-off of certain multi-product facility project costs that we do not expect to recover in future periods.
in connection with a realignment of our operating segments effective january 1, 2014, in the fourth quarter of 2013, we initiated a workforce reduction plan which resulted in a reduction of approximately 230 employees worldwide. we recorded charges of $33.4 million ($21.9 million after income taxes) during the year ended december 31, 2013 for termination benefits and other costs related to this workforce reduction plan.
acquisition and integration related costs the year ended december 31, 2014 includes $23.6 million of acquisition and integration related costs directly related to the acquisition of rockwood and $6.6 million of costs in connection with other significant projects. acquisition-related costs incurred during the year ended december 31, 2013 are included in sg&a expenses and were not significant.
interest and financing expenses interest and financing expenses for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $9.8 million to $41.4 million from the corresponding 2013 period, due mainly to higher borrowing levels in connection with the acquisition of rockwood and decreases in interest capitalized on lower average construction work in progress balances in the 2014 period.
other expenses, net other expenses, net, for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $16.8 million versus $6.7 million for the corresponding 2013 period. this increase was due to $16.7 million of amortized bridge facility fees and $1.0 million of other financing fees in the 2014 period related to the acquisition of rockwood, partially offset by net favorable items of $7.6 million primarily related to favorable currency impacts compared to the corresponding period in 2013 due to more effective management of currency risks.
41
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries income tax expense the effective income tax rate for 2014 was 8.7% compared to 25.0% for 2013. our effective income tax rate differs from the u.s. federal statutory income tax rates in the comparative periods mainly due to the impact of earnings from outside the u.s. our effective income tax rate in 2014 was affected by tax benefits of $74.2 million related to restructuring charges, a pension plan actuarial loss and the release of reserves related principally to the expiration of the u.s. federal statute of limitations. see note 20, "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a reconciliation of the u.s. federal statutory income tax rate to our effective rate for 2014 and 2013.
equity in net income of unconsolidated investments equity in net income of unconsolidated investments was $35.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $31.7 million in the same period last year. this increase was due primarily to higher equity income reported by our refining solutions segment joint ventures nippon ketjen company limited and fábrica carioca de catalisadores sa, our performance chemicals segment joint venture stannica, and our magnifin joint venture (included in all other), partly offset by lower equity income amounts reported by our refining solutions segment joint venture eurecat.
(loss) income from discontinued operations
(loss) income from discontinued operations, after income taxes, was ($69.5) million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $4.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. included in 2014 is a pre-tax charge of ($85.5) million ($65.7 million after income taxes), which represented the difference between the carrying value of the related assets and their fair value as determined by the sales price less estimated costs to sell. this charge was primarily attributable to the write-off of goodwill, intangibles and long-lived assets, net of cumulative foreign currency translation gains of $17.8 million.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for the year ended december 31, 2014, net income attributable to noncontrolling interests was $27.6 million compared to $26.7 million in the same period last year. this increase of $0.9 million was due primarily to higher profits of our consolidated joint venture jbc in the 2014 period.
net income attributable to albemarle corporation net income attributable to albemarle corporation decreased to $133.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, from $413.2 million for the corresponding period of 2013 primarily due to an unfavorable impact of $73.6 million (after income taxes) related to discontinued operations, unfavorable impacts of $266.4 million related to pension and opeb items mainly resulting from an actuarial loss in 2014 compared to an actuarial gain in 2013, charges of $30.2 million in 2014 for certain significant acquisition-related costs (of which $23.6 million relates to the acquisition of rockwood), higher manufacturing and sg&a costs of approximately $33.0 million, higher interest and financing expenses of $9.8 million, and higher other expenses, net, of $10.1 million, partly offset by lower income tax expense of $116.0 million, lower restructuring and other, net, of $7.4 million, favorable volume impacts of approximately $12.2 million on market demand, and lower variable input costs of approximately $9.3 million.
other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax total other comprehensive (loss) income, after income taxes, was ($178.7) million in 2014 compared to $31.3 million in 2013. the majority of these amounts are the result of translating our foreign subsidiary financial statements from their local currencies to u.s. dollars. in 2014, other comprehensive (loss) from foreign currency translation adjustments was ($168.8) million, mainly as a result of unfavorable movements of approximately $(124) million in the european union euro, $(18) million in the chinese renminbi and ($13) million in the brazilian real. also included in total other comprehensive (loss) income, for 2014 is ($21.0) million related to a realized loss on an interest rate swap which settled in the fourth quarter, and $11.4 million in connection with the revaluation of our €700.0 million senior notes and settlement of related foreign currency forward contracts, both of which were designated as a hedge of our net investment in foreign operations. in 2013, other comprehensive income from foreign currency translation adjustments was $31.7 million, mainly as a result of favorable movements in the european union euro of approximately $42 million, partially offset by unfavorable movements in the brazilian real of approximately $14 million.
42
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries year ended december 31,          percentage change
2014                                   %   2013                                    %              2014 vs. 2013
(in thousands, except percentages)
net sales:
performance chemicals          $1,121,645              45.9    %           $1,141,890              47.7    %              (2         )%
refining solutions                852,139              34.8    %              775,207              32.4    %              10          %
all other                         471,764              19.3    %              477,173              19.9    %              (1         )%
total net sales                $2,445,548             100.0    %           $2,394,270             100.0    %               2          %
adjusted ebitda:
performance chemicals            $306,572              54.5    %             $364,712              65.4    %             (16         )%
refining solutions                256,485              45.6    %              190,388              34.1    %              35          %
all other                          73,973              13.2    %               71,691              12.9    %               3          %
corporate                         (74,875    )        (13.3   )%              (69,240    )        (12.4   )%               8          %
total adjusted ebitda            $562,155             100.0    %             $557,551             100.0    %               1          %
see below for a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda, the non-gaap financial measure, to net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation, the most directly comparable financial measure calculated and reported in accordance with gaap, (in thousands):
performance chemicals         refining solutions         reportable segments total        all other                 corporate         consolidated total
2014
adjusted ebitda                                           $306,572                      $256,485                   $563,057                         $73,973              $(74,875     )          $562,155
depreciation and amortization(a)                          (51,707             )         (32,670           )        (84,377               )          (13,478     )          (2,552     )          (100,407        )
restructuring and other, net                              -                             -                          -                                -                     (25,947     )           (25,947        )
acquisition and integration related costs(b)              -                             -                          -                                -                     (30,158     )           (30,158        )
interest and financing expenses                           -                             -                          -                                -                     (41,358     )           (41,358        )
income tax expense                                        -                             -                          -                                -                     (18,484     )           (18,484        )
loss from discontinued operations (net of tax)            -                             -                          -                                -                     (69,531     )           (69,531        )
non-operating pension and opeb items                      -                             -                          -                                -                    (125,462     )          (125,462        )
other(c)                                                  -                             -                          -                                -                     (17,492     )           (17,492        )
net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation   $254,865                      $223,815                   $478,680                         $60,495             $(405,859     )          $133,316
2013
adjusted ebitda                                           $364,712                      $190,388                   $555,100                         $71,691              $(69,240     )          $557,551
depreciation and amortization(a)                          (46,225             )         (33,580           )        (79,805               )          (13,323     )          (2,188     )           (95,316        )
restructuring and other, net                              -                             -                          -                                -                     (33,361     )           (33,361        )
interest and financing expenses                           -                             -                          -                                -                     (31,559     )           (31,559        )
income tax expense                                        -                             -                          -                                -                    (134,445     )          (134,445        )
income from discontinued operations (net of tax)          -                             -                          -                                -                       4,108                   4,108
non-operating pension and opeb items                      -                             -                          -                                -                     146,193                 146,193
net income (loss) attributable to albemarle corporation   $318,487                      $156,808                   $475,295                         $58,368             $(120,492     )          $413,171
(a)   excludes discontinued operations.
(b)   see "acquisition and integration related costs" on page 41 for a description of these costs.
(c)   financing-related fees expensed in connection with the acquisition of rockwood.
43
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries performance chemicals performance chemicals segment net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $1.12 billion, down $20.2 million, or 2%, in comparison to the same period in 2013. the decrease was due to lower bromine sales volumes of $28.5 million, unfavorable bromine pricing of $16.6 million, unfavorable pcs pricing of $8.7 million and $3.3 million of unfavorable currency exchange impacts partially offset by $36.7 million of increased pcs sales volumes. adjusted ebitda for performance chemicals was down 16%, or $58.1 million, to $306.6 million for the year ended 2014 compared to 2013, as a result of lower pricing due to market conditions, higher manufacturing and sg&a costs of approximately $22.0 million, and unfavorable currency impacts of approximately $2.3 million mainly due to the weaker japanese yen.
refining solutions refining solutions segment net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $852.1 million, an increase of $76.9 million, or 10%, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily due $35.1 million of increased clean fuels technology sales volumes, $23.7 million of increase heavy oil upgrading sales volumes, $1.4 million of increased chemical catalysts sales volumes, and $16.6 million of favorable price impacts in both heavy oil upgrading and clean fuels technology. refining solutions adjusted ebitda increased 35%, or $66.1 million, to $256.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 in comparison to the corresponding period of 2013. this increase was due primarily to higher overall sales volumes, improved pricing, and a $3.1 million increase in equity income reported by our nippon ketjen company limited joint venture primarily due to higher sales volumes all other all other net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $471.8 million, a decrease of $5.4 million, or 1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the decrease was driven mainly by $27.8 million of unfavorable fine chemistry services volumes partially offset by $11.3 million of increased minerals sales volumes, $9.3 million of improved price impacts and $1.9 million of favorable currency exchange impacts. all other adjusted ebitda was up 3%, or $2.3 million, for the year ended december 31, 2014 in comparison to the same period in 2014. this increase was due primarily to a favorable mix of sales volumes, $9.3 million of favorable price impacts, and lower sg&a costs.
corporate corporate adjusted ebitda was a charge of $74.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $5.6 million, compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. the change was due mainly to unfavorable incentive compensation costs.
summary of critical accounting policies and estimates estimates, assumptions and reclassifications the preparation of financial statements in conformity with u.s. gaap requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements. listed below are the estimates and assumptions that we consider to be critical in the preparation of our financial statements.
certain amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been reclassified to conform to the current presentation.
property, plant and equipment. we assign the useful lives of our property, plant and equipment based upon our internal engineering estimates which are reviewed periodically. the estimated useful lives of our property, plant and equipment range from 2 to 60 years and depreciation is recorded on the straight-line method, with the exception of our long-term mineral rights, which are depleted on a units-of-production method. we evaluate the recovery of our property, plant and equipment by comparing the net carrying value of the asset group to the undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated from the use and eventual disposition of that asset group when events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. if the carrying amount of the asset group is not recoverable, the fair value of the asset group is measured and if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized.
acquisition method of accounting. we recognize the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at their estimated fair values on the date of acquisition for acquired businesses. determining the fair value of these items requires management's judgment, the utilization of independent valuation experts and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions with respect to the timing and amounts of future cash inflows and
44
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries outflows, discount rates, customer attrition rates, royalty rates, market prices and tax rates, among other items. the judgments made in the determination of the estimated fair value assigned to the assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the investee, as well as the estimated useful life of each asset and the duration of each liability, can materially impact the financial statements in periods after acquisition, such as through depreciation and amortization expense. for more information on our acquisitions and application of the acquisition method, see note 2, "acquisitions" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
income taxes. we assume the deductibility of certain costs in our income tax filings, and we estimate the future recovery of deferred tax assets, uncertain tax positions, and indefinite investment assertions.
environmental remediation liabilities. we estimate and accrue the costs required to remediate a specific site depending on site-specific facts and circumstances. cost estimates to remediate each specific site are developed by assessing (i) the scope of our contribution to the environmental matter, (ii) the scope of the anticipated remediation and monitoring plan and (iii) the extent of other parties' share of responsibility.
actual results could differ materially from the estimates and assumptions that we use in the preparation of our financial statements.
revenue recognition we recognize sales when the revenue is realized or realizable, and has been earned, in accordance with authoritative accounting guidance. we recognize net sales as risk and title to the product transfer to the customer, which usually occurs at the time shipment is made. significant portions of our sales are sold free on board shipping point or on an equivalent basis, and other transactions are based upon specific contractual arrangements. our standard terms of delivery are generally included in our contracts of sale, order confirmation documents and invoices. we recognize revenue from services when performance of the services has been completed. where the company incurs pre-production design and development costs under long-term supply contracts, these costs are expensed where they relate to the products sold unless contractual guarantees for reimbursement exist. conversely, these costs are capitalized if they pertain to equipment that we will own and use in producing the products to be supplied and expect to utilize for future revenue generating activities.
goodwill and other intangible assets we account for goodwill and other intangibles acquired in a business combination in conformity with current accounting guidance which requires goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets to not be amortized.
we test goodwill for impairment by comparing the estimated fair value of our reporting units to the related carrying value. we estimate the fair value based on present value techniques involving future cash flows. future cash flows include assumptions about sales volumes, selling prices, raw material prices, labor and other employee benefit costs, capital additions, income taxes, working capital, and other economic or market-related factors. significant management judgment is involved in estimating these variables and they include inherent uncertainties since they are forecasting future events. we perform a sensitivity analysis by using a range of inputs to confirm the reasonableness of these estimates being used in the goodwill impairment analysis. we use a weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") approach to determine our discount rate for goodwill recoverability testing. our wacc calculation incorporates industry-weighted average returns on debt and equity from a market perspective. the factors in this calculation are largely external to the company and, therefore, are beyond our control. we test our recorded goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year or upon the occurrence of events or changes in circumstances that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting units below their carrying amounts. the company performed its annual goodwill impairment test as of october 31, 2015 and concluded there was no impairment as of that date. in addition, no indications of impairment in any of our reporting units were indicated by the sensitivity analysis.
we assess our indefinite-lived intangible assets, which include trade names and in-progress research and development, for impairment annually and between annual tests if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment standard allows us to first to assess qualitative factors to determine if a quantitative impairment test is necessary. further testing is only required if we determine, based on the qualitative assessment, that it is more likely than not that the indefinite-lived intangible asset's fair value is less than its carrying amount. if we determine based on the qualitative assessment that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired, an impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset to its carrying amount.
definite-lived intangible assets, such as purchased technology, patents, customer lists and trade names, are amortized over their estimated useful lives generally for periods ranging from five to twenty-five years. except for customer lists and relationships associated with our lithium business and chemetall surface treatment segment which are amortized using the
45
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries pattern of economic benefit method, definite-lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method. we evaluate the recovery of our definite-lived intangible assets by comparing the net carrying value of the asset group to the undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated from the use and eventual disposition of that asset group when events or changes in circumstances indicate that its carrying amount may not be recoverable. if the carrying amount of the asset group is not recoverable, the fair value of the asset group is measured and if the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, an impairment loss is recognized. see note 12, "goodwill and other intangibles" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
pension plans and other postretirement benefits under authoritative accounting standards, assumptions are made regarding the valuation of benefit obligations and the performance of plan assets. as required, we recognize a balance sheet asset or liability for each of our pension and opeb plans equal to the plan's funded status as of the measurement date. the primary assumptions are as follows:
•   discount rate-the discount rate is used in calculating the present value of benefits, which is based on projections of benefit payments to be made in the future.
•   expected return on plan assets-we project the future return on plan assets based on prior performance and future expectations for the types of investments held by the plans as well as the expected long-term allocation of plan assets for these investments. these projected returns reduce the net benefit costs recorded currently.
•   rate of compensation increase-for salary-related plans, we project employees' annual pay increases, which are used to project employees' pension benefits at retirement.
•   mortality assumptions-assumptions about life expectancy of plan participants are used in the measurement of related plan obligations.
actuarial gains and losses are recognized annually in our consolidated statements of income in the fourth quarter and whenever a plan is determined to qualify for a remeasurement during a fiscal year. the remaining components of pension and opeb plan expense, primarily service cost, interest cost and expected return on assets, are recorded on a quarterly basis. the market-related value of assets equals the actual market value as of the date of measurement.
during 2015, we made changes to assumptions related to discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets. we consider available information that we deem relevant when selecting each of these assumptions.
our u.s. defined benefit plans for non-represented employees are closed to new participants, with no additional benefits accruing under these plans as participants' accrued benefits have been frozen. in selecting the discount rates for the u.s. plans, we consider expected benefit payments on a plan-by-plan basis. as a result, the company uses different discount rates for each plan depending on the demographics of participants and the expected timing of benefit payments. for 2015, the discount rates were calculated using the results from a bond matching technique developed by milliman, which matched the future estimated annual benefit payments of each respective plan against a portfolio of bonds of high quality to determine the discount rate. we believe our selected discount rates are determined using preferred methodology under authoritative accounting guidance and accurately reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2015 measurement date.
in selecting the discount rates for the foreign plans, we look at long-term yields on aa-rated corporate bonds when available. our actuaries have developed yield curves based on the yields of constituent bonds in the various indices as well as on other market indicators such as swap rates, particularly at the longer durations. for the eurozone, we apply the aon hewitt yield curve to projected cash flows from the relevant plans to derive the discount rate. for the u.k., the discount rate is determined by applying the aon hewitt yield curve for typical schemes of similar duration to projected cash flows of albemarle's u.k. plan. in other countries where there is not a sufficiently deep market of high-quality corporate bonds, we set the discount rate by referencing the yield on government bonds of an appropriate duration.
at december 31, 2015, the weighted-average discount rate for the u.s. and foreign pension plans was increased to 4.67% and 2.89%, respectively, from 4.18% and 2.34%, respectively, at december 31, 2014 to reflect market conditions as of the december 31, 2015 measurement date. the discount rate for the opeb plans at december 31, 2015 and 2014 was 4.59% and 4.15%, respectively.
in estimating the expected return on plan assets, we consider past performance and future expectations for the types of investments held by the plan as well as the expected long-term allocations of plan assets to these investments. for the years 2015 and 2014, the weighted-average expected rate of return on u.s. pension plan assets was 6.85% and 6.91%, respectively, and the weighted-average expected rate of return on foreign pension plan assets was 5.63% and 4.00%, respectively. effective january 1, 2016, the weighted-average expected rate of return on u.s. and foreign pension plan assets is 6.90% and 5.65%,
46
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries respectively. the weighted-average expected rate of return on plan assets for our opeb plans was 7.00% during 2015 and 2014. there has been no change to the assumed rate of return on opeb plan assets effective january 1, 2016.
in projecting the rate of compensation increase, we consider past experience in light of movements in inflation rates. at december 31, 2015, the assumed weighted-average rate of compensation increase changed to 3.17% from 3.40% for our foreign pension plans.
in october 2014, the society of actuaries ("soa") published updated mortality tables which reflect increased life expectancy. we revised our mortality assumptions to incorporate the new set of mortality tables issued by the soa for purposes of measuring our u.s. pension and opeb obligations at december 31, 2014. further, the soa released an updated mortality improvement scale, mp-2015, on october 8, 2015. the updated improvement scale incorporates two additional years of mortality data and reflects a trend toward somewhat smaller improvements in longevity. in addition, the soa released a set of factors to adjust the rp-2014 mortality tables to base year 2006. we revised our mortality assumption to incorporate these updated mortality improvements for purposes of measuring our u.s. pension and opeb obligations at december 31, 2015.
at december 31, 2015, the assumed rate of increase in the pre-65 and post-65 per capita cost of covered health care benefits for u.s. retirees was zero as the employer-paid premium caps (pre-65 and post-65) were met starting january 1, 2013.
a variance in the assumptions discussed above would have an impact on the projected benefit obligations, the accrued opeb liabilities, and the annual net periodic pension and opeb cost. the following table reflects the sensitivities associated with a hypothetical change in certain assumptions, primarily in the u.s. (in thousands):
(favorable) unfavorable
1% increase                                                                                       1% decrease increase (decrease)in benefit obligation            increase (decrease)in benefit cost            increase (decrease)in benefit obligation            increase (decrease)in benefit cost actuarial assumptions discount rate:
pension                           $(130,542                       )                   $3,680                                        $157,588                                            $(5,268                     )
other postretirement benefits     $(5,160                         )                   $254                                          $6,192                                              $(320                       )
expected return on plan assets:
pension                           *                                                   $(6,712                     )                 *                                                   $6,712
other postretirement benefits     *                                                   $(27                        )                 *                                                   $27
* not applicable.
of the $694.1 million total pension and postretirement assets at december 31, 2015, $83.1 million, or approximately 12%, are measured using significant unobservable inputs (level 3). gains or losses attributable to these assets are recognized in the consolidated balance sheets as either an increase or decrease in plan assets. see note 15, "pension plans and other postretirement benefits" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
income taxes we use the liability method for determining our income taxes, under which current and deferred tax liabilities and assets are recorded in accordance with enacted tax laws and rates. under this method, the amounts of deferred tax liabilities and assets at the end of each period are determined using the tax rate expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. future tax benefits are recognized to the extent that realization of such benefits is more likely than not. in order to record deferred tax assets and liabilities, we are following guidance under asu 2015-17, which requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet, along with any related valuation allowance.
deferred income taxes are provided for the estimated income tax effect of temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of existing assets and liabilities. deferred tax assets are also provided for operating losses, capital losses and certain tax credit carryovers. a valuation allowance, reducing deferred tax assets, is established when it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. the realization of such deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of sufficient future taxable income of the appropriate character. although realization is not assured, we do not establish a valuation allowance when we believe it is more likely than not that a net deferred tax asset will be realized.
we only recognize a tax benefit after concluding that it is more likely than not that the benefit will be sustained upon audit by the respective taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. once the recognition
47
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries threshold is met, we recognize a tax benefit measured as the largest amount of the tax benefit that, in our judgment, is greater than 50% likely to be realized. interest and penalties related to income tax liabilities are included in income tax expense on the consolidated statements of income.
we are subject to income taxes in the u.s. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. due to the statute of limitations, we are no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax audits by the internal revenue service ("irs") for years prior to 2011. in 2015, the irs continued its audit of legacy albemarle's u.s. consolidated group for 2011 and 2012. additionally, in 2015 the irs finalized its audit of legacy rockwood's u.s. consolidated group for 2010 and 2011. due to the statute of limitations, we also are no longer subject to u.s. state income tax audits prior to 2010.
with respect to jurisdictions outside the u.s., several audits are in process. during 2015, the german tax authorities continued and announced audits on multiple german subsidiaries for various years from 2006 through 2013, the belgium tax authorities continued the audit of our belgium subsidiary for 2012 and 2013, and audits of two of our korean entities for 2011 through 2013 were closed. we also have various audits ongoing for the years 2007 through 2014 related to russia, the philippines, india, italy, and france.
while we believe we have adequately provided for all tax positions, amounts asserted by taxing authorities could be greater than our accrued position. accordingly, additional provisions on federal and foreign tax-related matters could be recorded in the future as revised estimates are made or the underlying matters are settled or otherwise resolved.
since the timing of resolutions and/or closure of tax audits are uncertain, it is difficult to predict with certainty the range of reasonably possible significant increases or decreases in the liability related to uncertain tax positions that may occur within the next twelve months. our current view is that it is reasonably possible that we could record a decrease in the liability related to uncertain tax positions, relating to a number of issues, up to approximately $3.3 million as a result of closure of tax statutes.
we have designated the undistributed earnings of substantially all of our foreign operations as indefinitely invested and as a result we do not provide for deferred income taxes on the unremitted earnings of these subsidiaries. if it is determined that cash can be repatriated with little to no tax consequences, we may choose to repatriate cash at that time. our foreign earnings are computed under u.s. federal tax earnings and profits ("e&p") principles. in general, to the extent our financial reporting book basis over tax basis of a foreign subsidiary exceeds these e&p amounts, deferred taxes have not been provided, as they are essentially permanent in duration. the determination of the amount of such unrecognized deferred tax liability is not practicable. we provide for deferred income taxes on our undistributed earnings of foreign operations that are not deemed to be indefinitely invested.
stock-based compensation expense the fair value of restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards and performance unit awards with a service condition are determined based on the number of shares or units granted and the quoted price of our common stock on the date of grant, and the fair value of stock options is determined using the black-scholes valuation model. the fair value of performance unit awards with a service and a market condition are estimated on the date of grant using a monte carlo simulation model. the fair value of these awards is determined after giving effect to estimated forfeitures. such value is recognized as expense over the service period, which is generally the vesting period of the equity grant. to the extent restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, performance unit awards and stock options are forfeited prior to vesting in excess of the estimated forfeiture rate, the corresponding previously recognized expense is reversed as an offset to operating expenses.
financial condition and liquidity overview the principal uses of cash in our business generally have been capital investments, funding working capital, acquisitions and repayment of debt. we also make contributions to our defined benefit pension plans, pay dividends to our shareholders and repurchase shares of our common stock. historically, cash to fund the needs of our business has been principally provided by cash from operations, debt financing and equity issuances.
we are continually focused on working capital efficiency particularly in the areas of accounts receivable and inventory. we anticipate that cash on hand, cash provided by operating activities and long-term borrowings will be sufficient to pay our operating expenses, satisfy debt service obligations, fund capital expenditures and other investing activities, fund pension contributions and pay dividends for the foreseeable future.
48
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries cash flow our cash and cash equivalents were $213.7 million at december 31, 2015 as compared to $2.5 billion at december 31, 2014. cash provided by operating activities was $360.7 million, $492.6 million and $432.9 million during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the decrease in cash provided by operating activities in 2015 versus 2014 was primarily due to higher acquisition and integration related costs in connection with the rockwood acquisition, higher payments for interest and higher payments for income taxes in 2015, as compared to 2014. the increase in cash provided by operating activities in 2014 versus 2013 was primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable and higher dividends received from unconsolidated investments in 2014, partially offset by a decrease in accrued expenses.
during 2015, cash on hand, cash provided by operations, a return of capital from an unconsolidated investment and proceeds from borrowings funded $2.1 billion for acquisitions, $227.6 million of capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment, dividends to shareholders of $119.3 million, and pension and postretirement contributions of $21.6 million. also during 2015, our consolidated joint venture, jbc, paid dividends of approximately $70 million, which resulted in dividends to noncontrolling interests of $23.3 million. during 2014, cash on hand, cash provided by operations and proceeds from divestitures funded payments of $150.0 million for repurchases of our common stock, $110.6 million of capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment, dividends to shareholders of $84.1 million, $33.4 million for the settlement of a forward starting interest rate swap, debt financing costs of $17.6 million and pension and postretirement contributions of $13.9 million. also during 2014, our consolidated joint venture, jbc, paid dividends of approximately $51 million, which resulted in dividends to noncontrolling interests of $15.5 million. additionally, in 2014 we issued a series of new senior notes totaling approximately $1.9 billion. during 2013, proceeds from borrowings net of repayments, cash on hand and cash provided by operations funded payments of $582.3 million for repurchases of our common stock, $155.3 million of capital expenditures for plant, machinery and equipment, dividends to shareholders of $78.1 million and pension and postretirement contributions of $13.3 million. also during 2013, our consolidated joint venture, jbc, paid dividends of approximately $38 million, which resulted in dividends to noncontrolling interests of $10.0 million.
net current assets decreased to approximately $214.3 million at december 31, 2015 from $2.21 billion at december 31, 2014, with the decrease being largely due to lower cash and cash equivalents in connection with acquisitions in 2015. included in net current assets at december 31, 2015 is $275.8 million of assets held for sale, net of related liabilities. other changes in the components of net current assets are due to the timing of the sale of goods and other normal transactions leading up to the balance sheet dates and are not the result of any policy changes by the company, nor do they reflect any change in either the quality of our net current assets or our expectation of success in converting net working capital to cash in the normal course of business.
capital expenditures were $227.6 million, $110.6 million and $155.3 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and were incurred mainly for plant, machinery and equipment. we expect our capital expenditures to approximate $230 million in 2016 for capacity increases, cost reduction and continuity of operations projects.
on november 5, 2015, the company signed a definitive agreement to sell its tribotecc metal sulfides business to treibacher industrie ag. included in the transaction were sites in vienna and arnoldstein, austria, and tribotecc's proprietary sulfide syntheses process. on january 4, 2016, the company closed the sale of this business. we received net proceeds of approximately $137 million, and we currently expect to record a gain in the first quarter of 2016 related to the sale of this business.
on december 16, 2015, the company signed a definitive agreement to sell its mineral-based flame retardants and specialty chemicals businesses to huber engineered materials, a division of j.m. huber corporation. the transaction includes albemarle's martinswerk gmbh subsidiary and manufacturing facility located in bergheim, germany, and albemarle's 50% ownership interest in magnifin magnesiaprodukte gmbh, a joint-venture with radex heraklith industriebeteiligung ag at breitenau, austria. on february 1, 2016, the company closed the sale of these businesses. we received net proceeds of approximately $187 million, subject to post-closing adjustments. we currently expect to record a gain in the first quarter of 2016 related to the sale of these businesses.
during 2014 and 2013 we repurchased approximately 2.2 million shares and 9.2 million shares of our common stock, respectively, pursuant to the terms of our board authorized share repurchase program. all of the shares repurchased in 2014 and approximately 7.1 million of the shares repurchased in 2013 were also repurchased pursuant to the terms of accelerated share repurchase agreements with major financial institutions. as of december 31, 2015, there were 3,749,340 remaining shares available for repurchase under the company's authorized share repurchase program.
49
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries on february 26, 2016, we increased our quarterly dividend rate to $0.305 per share, a 5% increase from the quarterly rate of $0.29 per share paid in 2015.
during 2015, we incurred $137.7 million of acquisition and integration related costs directly related to the acquisition of rockwood (mainly consisting of professional services and advisory fees, costs to achieve synergies, relocation costs, and other integration costs) and $8.4 million of costs in connection with other significant projects. in 2014, we incurred $23.6 million of acquisition and integration related costs directly related to the acquisition of rockwood and $6.6 million of costs in connection with other significant projects. we currently anticipate incurring additional acquisition and integration related costs of approximately $60 million through 2016 in connection with the acquisition of rockwood; actual results may differ from this estimate.
at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, our cash and cash equivalents included $200.7 million and $558.7 million, respectively, held by our foreign subsidiaries. the majority of these foreign cash balances are associated with earnings that we have asserted are indefinitely invested and which we plan to use to support our continued growth plans outside the u.s. through funding of capital expenditures, acquisitions, research, operating expenses or other similar cash needs of our foreign operations. from time to time, we repatriate cash associated with earnings from our foreign subsidiaries to the u.s. for normal operating needs through intercompany dividends, but only from subsidiaries whose earnings we have not asserted to be indefinitely invested or whose earnings qualify as "previously taxed income" as defined by the internal revenue code. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we repatriated approximately $122.5 million, $10.0 million and $7.2 million of cash associated with earnings, respectively, as part of these foreign earnings cash repatriation activities. with regard to the access of internal cash from albemarle, rockwood and their respective subsidiaries to help fund the merger, the structure implemented did not impact the indefinite investment assertion of albemarle as no taxes were triggered in the movements of albemarle's cash. with regard to the acquisition of rockwood, the company's purchase price accounting included tax liabilities related to the repatriation of cash that occurred in 2015. as of december 31, 2015, the deferred tax liability has been fully utilized as the repatriation planning has concluded. we have asserted that substantially all future earnings of former rockwood entities have been elected to be indefinitely invested.
while we continue to closely monitor our cash generation, working capital management and capital spending in light of continuing uncertainties in the global economy, we believe that we will continue to have the financial flexibility and capability to opportunistically fund future growth initiatives. additionally, we anticipate that future capital spending including business acquisitions, share repurchases and other cash outlays should be financed primarily with cash flow provided by operations and cash on hand, with additional cash needed, if any, provided by borrowings. the amount and timing of any additional borrowings will depend on our specific cash requirements.
long-term debt our $325.0 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes, issued on january 20, 2005 and bearing interest at a rate of 5.10%, matured and were repaid on february 1, 2015. we currently have the following senior notes outstanding:
issue month/year   principal (in millions)   interest rate   interest payment dates      maturity date december 2014                       €700.0          1.875%   december 8                  december 8, 2021
november 2014                       $250.0           3.00%   june 1        december 1    december 1, 2019
november 2014                       $425.0           4.15%   june 1        december 1    december 1, 2024
november 2014                       $350.0           5.45%   june 1        december 1    december 1, 2044
december 2010                       $350.0           4.50%   june 15       december 15   december 15, 2020
our senior notes are senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness from time to time outstanding. the senior notes are effectively subordinated to any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and to the existing and future indebtedness of our subsidiaries. as is customary for such long-term debt instruments, each senior note outstanding has terms that allow us to redeem the notes before their maturity, in whole at any time or in part from time to time, at a redemption price equal to the greater of (i) 100% of the principal amount of the senior notes to be redeemed, or (ii) the sum of the present values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest thereon (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the redemption date on a semi-annual basis using the comparable government rate (as defined in the indentures governing the senior notes) plus between 25 and 40 basis points, depending on the note, plus, in each case, accrued interest thereon to the date of redemption. holders may require us to purchase such notes at 101% upon a change of control triggering event, as defined in the indentures. the senior notes are
50
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries subject to typical events of default, including bankruptcy and insolvency events, nonpayment and the acceleration of certain subsidiary indebtedness of $40 million or more caused by a nonpayment default.
upon completion of the rockwood acquisition, we assumed rockwood's senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $1.25 billion. these senior notes bore interest at a rate of 4.625% payable semi-annually on april 15 and october 15 of each year, and had a scheduled maturity of october 15, 2020. under the terms of the indenture governing the 4.625% senior notes, as amended and supplemented, on october 15, 2015, our wholly-owned subsidiary, rockwood specialties group, inc., redeemed all of the outstanding 4.625% senior notes at a redemption price equal to 103.469% of the principal amount of the notes, representing a premium of $43.3 million, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date. the guarantees of the 4.625% senior notes and the senior notes we issued in 2014 were released upon repayment of the 4.625% senior notes.
the 4.625% senior notes we assumed from rockwood were repaid with proceeds from a new term loan agreement we entered into on september 14, 2015 (the "september 2015 term loan agreement") with jpmorgan chase bank, n.a. (the "administrative agent") and certain other lenders. the september 2015 term loan agreement provides for borrowings under a 364-day term loan facility (the "364-day facility") and a five-year term loan facility (the "five-year facility"), or collectively, the "term loan facilities." as of december 31, 2015, aggregate amounts outstanding under the 364-day facility and the five-year facility were $300.0 million and $950.0 million, respectively. as of february 19, 2016, we repaid the 364-day facility in full and we repaid approximately $31 million of borrowings under the five-year facility, each primarily with proceeds from the sale of the company's tribotecc metal sulfides business and the sale of the company's minerals-based flame retardants and specialty chemicals businesses, both of which closed in the first quarter of 2016. borrowings under the facilities bear interest equal to, at the option of the company: (a) the london inter-bank offered rate ("libor") plus a margin ranging from 1.000% to 1.875% per annum depending upon the long-term, unsecured, senior, non-credit enhanced debt rating of the company, or (b) a base rate (defined as the highest of (i) the federal funds rate plus 0.50%; (ii) the rate of interest in effect for such day as publicly announced from time to time by the administrative agent as its "prime rate"; or (iii) one-month libor plus 1.00%) plus a margin of 0.000% to 0.875% per annum depending upon the long-term, unsecured, senior, non-credit enhanced debt rating of the company. as of december 31, 2015, the interest rate on both term loan facilities was libor plus 1.375%.
borrowings under the 364-day facility were required to be repaid 364 days after initial funding. borrowings under the five-year facility are required to be repaid in equal quarterly installments on the last business day of each march, june, september and december, beginning with september 30, 2016, and ending with the last such day to occur prior to the fifth anniversary after initial funding (each a "payment date"), in an aggregate principal amount equal to (a) in the case of each payment date occurring on or after the first anniversary and prior to the second anniversary of initial funding, 1.25% of the aggregate principal amount of such loans, and (b) in the case of each payment date occurring on or after the second anniversary of initial funding, equal to 2.5% of the aggregate principal amount of such loans. on the fifth anniversary after initial funding, any remaining amounts outstanding under the five-year facility become due and payable. additionally, the agreement requires that proceeds from divestitures of the company's tribotecc metal sulfides business and the company's minerals-based flame retardants and specialty chemicals businesses, and intended divestiture of its fine chemistry services business, must be used to repay amounts outstanding under the september 2015 term loan agreement. borrowings under the september 2015 term loan agreement are subject to customary affirmative and negative covenants, including a maximum leverage ratio requirement that is aligned with the maximum leverage ratio requirement of our february 2014 credit agreement.
our revolving, unsecured credit agreement dated as of february 7, 2014, as amended, (the "february 2014 credit agreement") currently provides for borrowings of up to $1.0 billion and matures on february 7, 2020. borrowings bear interest at variable rates based on the libor for deposits in the relevant currency plus an applicable margin which ranges from 1.000% to 1.700%, depending on the company's credit rating from standard & poor's ratings services ("s&p"), moody's investors services ("moody's") and fitch ratings ("fitch"). the applicable margin on the facility was 1.300% as of december 31, 2015. there were no borrowings outstanding under the february 2014 credit agreement as of december 31, 2015.
borrowings under the february 2014 credit agreement are conditioned upon compliance with the following covenants: (a) consolidated funded debt, as defined in the agreement, must be less than or equal to 3.50 times consolidated ebitda, as defined in the agreement, which reflects adjustments for certain non-recurring or unusual items such as restructuring charges, facility divestiture charges and other significant non-recurring items (herein "consolidated adjusted ebitda" or "adjusted ebitda"), as of the end of any fiscal quarter; (b) with the exception of certain liens as specified in the agreement, liens may not attach to assets when the aggregate amount of all indebtedness secured by such liens plus unsecured subsidiary indebtedness, other than indebtedness incurred by our subsidiaries under the february 2014 credit agreement, would exceed 20% of consolidated net worth, as defined in the agreement; and (c) with the exception of certain indebtedness as specified in the agreement, subsidiary indebtedness may not exceed the difference between 20% of consolidated net worth, as defined in the agreement, and indebtedness secured by liens permitted under the agreement. on august 15, 2014, certain amendments were
51
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries made to the february 2014 credit agreement which includes, among other things, an increase in the maximum leverage ratio (as described above) from 3.50 to 4.50 for the first four quarters following the completion of the acquisition of rockwood, stepping down by 0.25 on a quarterly basis thereafter until reaching 3.50.
on may 29, 2013, we entered into agreements to initiate a commercial paper program on a private placement basis under which we may issue unsecured commercial paper notes (the "commercial paper notes") from time-to-time up to a maximum aggregate principal amount outstanding at any time of $750.0 million. the proceeds from the issuance of the commercial paper notes are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of other debt of the company. our february 2014 credit agreement is available to repay the commercial paper notes, if necessary. aggregate borrowings outstanding under the february 2014 credit agreement and the commercial paper notes will not exceed the $1.0 billion current maximum amount available under the february 2014 credit agreement. the commercial paper notes will be sold at a discount from par, or alternatively, will be sold at par and bear interest at rates that will vary based upon market conditions at the time of issuance. the maturities of the commercial paper notes will vary but may not exceed 397 days from the date of issue. the definitive documents relating to the commercial paper program contain customary representations, warranties, default and indemnification provisions. at december 31, 2015, we had $351.3 million of commercial paper notes outstanding bearing a weighted-average interest rate of approximately 1.07% and a weighted-average maturity of 29 days. the commercial paper notes are classified as current portion of long-term debt in our consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014.
the non-current portion of our long-term debt amounted to $3.2 billion at december 31, 2015, compared to $2.2 billion at december 31, 2014. the increase is attributable to debt associated with the acquisition of rockwood. in addition, at december 31, 2015, we had the ability to borrow $648.7 million under our commercial paper program and the february 2014 credit agreement, and $154.1 million under other existing lines of credit, subject to various financial covenants under our february 2014 credit agreement. we have the ability and intent to refinance our borrowings under our other existing credit lines with borrowings under the february 2014 credit agreement, as applicable. therefore, the amounts outstanding under those credit lines, if any, are classified as long-term debt. we believe that as of december 31, 2015 we were, and currently are, in compliance with all of our debt covenants. for additional information about our long-term debt obligations, see note 14, "long-term debt," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
off-balance sheet arrangements in the normal course of business with customers, vendors and others, we have entered into off-balance sheet arrangements, including bank guarantees and letters of credit, which totaled approximately $63.8 million at december 31, 2015. none of these off-balance sheet arrangements has, or is likely to have, a material effect on our current or future financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or capital resources.
other obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations for capital projects, various take or pay and throughput agreements, long-term debt, operating leases and other commitments as of december 31, 2015 (in thousands):
2016                                                                            2017                  2018                                 2019                    2020            thereafter long-term debt obligations(a)                                    $677,345               $59,130               $86,400              $335,479              $1,158,351          $1,544,512
expected interest payments on long-term debt obligations(b)        92,761                95,719                99,338               101,072                  82,496             525,695
operating lease obligations (rental)                               14,643                10,664                 9,217                 7,436                   6,665              21,124
take or pay / throughput agreements(c)                             43,654                11,762                 6,363                 6,063                   5,923              11,484
letters of credit and guarantees                                   24,789                11,248                 3,190                    14                     210              24,356
capital projects                                                   36,599                 1,580                     -                     -                       -                   -
total                                                            $889,791              $190,103              $204,508              $450,064              $1,253,645          $2,127,171
(a)   amounts represent the expected principal payments of our long-term debt, including capital leases, and do not include any fair value adjustments or premiums or discounts.
(b)   interest on our fixed rate borrowings was calculated based on the stated rates of such borrowings. a weighted average interest rate of approximately 1.53% was used for our remaining long-term debt obligations.
(c)   these amounts primarily relate to contracts entered into with certain third party vendors in the normal course of business to secure raw materials for our production processes. in order to secure materials, sometimes for long durations, these contracts mandate a minimum amount of product to be purchased at predetermined rates over a set timeframe.
52
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries amounts in the table above exclude required employer pension contributions. contributions to our domestic and foreign qualified and nonqualified pension plans, including our supplemental executive retirement plan ("serp"), are expected to approximate $13 million in 2016. we may choose to make additional pension contributions in excess of this amount. we made contributions of approximately $18.0 million to our domestic and foreign pension plans (both qualified and nonqualified) during the year ended december 31, 2015.
the liability related to uncertain tax positions, including interest and penalties, recorded in other noncurrent liabilities totaled $101.7 million and $25.3 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. related assets for corresponding offsetting benefits recorded in other assets totaled $50.9 million and $22.1 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we cannot estimate the amounts of any cash payments during the next twelve months associated with these liabilities and are unable to estimate the timing of any such cash payments in the future at this time.
liquidity outlook we anticipate that cash on hand and cash provided by operating activities, divestitures and borrowings will be sufficient to pay our operating expenses, satisfy debt service obligations, fund any capital expenditures and share repurchases, make pension contributions and pay dividends for the foreseeable future. with the acquisition of rockwood now closed, our main focus over the next three years, in terms of uses of cash, will be deleveraging to restore our borrowings to more normal levels and capturing synergies related to the integration of rockwood. this may include refinancing certain of our existing outstanding debt if market conditions are favorable. additionally, we will continue to evaluate the merits of any opportunities that may arise for acquisitions of businesses or assets, which may require additional liquidity.
our cash flows from operations may be negatively affected by adverse consequences to our customers and the markets in which we compete as a result of moderating global economic conditions and reduced capital availability. additionally, realization and timing of anticipated divestitures could have a significant impact on our cash flows in any given period.
while we maintain business relationships with a diverse group of financial institutions, an adverse change in their credit standing could lead them to not honor their contractual credit commitments, decline funding under existing but uncommitted lines of credit, not renew their extensions of credit or not provide new financing. while the global corporate bond and bank loan markets remain strong, periods of elevated uncertainty related to global economic and/or geopolitical concerns may limit efficient access to such markets for extended periods of time. if such concerns heighten, we may incur increased borrowing costs and reduced credit capacity as our various credit facilities mature. when the u.s. federal reserve or similar national reserve banks in other countries decide to tighten the monetary supply in response, for example, to improving economic conditions, we may incur increased borrowing costs as interest rates increase on our variable rate credit facilities, as our various credit facilities mature or as we refinance any maturing fixed rate debt obligations.
overall, with generally strong cash-generative businesses and no significant long-term debt maturities before 2019, we believe we have and will maintain a solid liquidity position.
we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $213.7 million as of december 31, 2015, of which $200.7 million is held by our foreign subsidiaries. this cash represents an important source of our liquidity and is invested in short-term investments including time deposits and readily marketable securities with relatively short maturities. substantially all of this cash is held, and intended for use, outside of the u.s. we anticipate that any needs for liquidity within the u.s. in excess of our cash held in the u.s. can be readily satisfied with borrowings under our existing u.s. credit facilities or our commercial paper program.
safety and environmental matters we are subject to federal, state, local and foreign requirements regulating the handling, manufacture and use of materials (some of which may be classified as hazardous or toxic by one or more regulatory agencies), the discharge of materials into the environment and the protection of the environment. to our knowledge, we are currently complying and expect to continue to comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws, regulations, statutes and ordinances. compliance with existing federal, state, local and foreign environmental protection laws is not expected to have a material effect on capital expenditures, earnings or our competitive position, but the costs associated with increased legal or regulatory requirements could have an adverse effect on our results.
among other environmental requirements, we are subject to the federal superfund law, and similar state laws, under which we may be designated as a prp, and may be liable for a share of the costs associated with cleaning up various hazardous waste sites. management believes that in cases in which we may have liability as a prp, our liability for our share of cleanup is de minimis. further, almost all such sites represent environmental issues that are quite mature and have been investigated, studied and in many cases settled. in de minimis situations, our policy generally is to negotiate a consent decree and to pay any apportioned settlement, enabling us to be effectively relieved of any further liability as a prp, except for remote contingencies.
53
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries in other than de minimis prp matters, our records indicate that unresolved prp exposures should be immaterial. we accrue and expense our proportionate share of prp costs. because management has been actively involved in evaluating environmental matters, we are able to conclude that the outstanding environmental liabilities for unresolved prp sites should not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations or financial condition.
our environmental and safety operating costs charged to expense were $42.2 million, $35.7 million and $44.0 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, excluding depreciation of previous capital expenditures, and are expected to be in the same range in the next few years. costs for remediation have been accrued and payments related to sites are charged against accrued liabilities, which at december 31, 2015 totaled approximately $35.3 million, an increase of $26.1 million from $9.2 million at december 31, 2014. see note 17, "commitments and contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report for a reconciliation of our environmental liabilities for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
we believe that any sum we may be required to pay in connection with environmental remediation and asset retirement obligation matters in excess of the amounts recorded should occur over a period of time and should not have a material adverse effect upon our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows on a consolidated annual basis, although any such sum could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows in a particular quarterly reporting period.
capital expenditures for pollution-abatement and safety projects, including such costs that are included in other projects, were approximately $25.0 million, $15.2 million and $14.1 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in the future, capital expenditures for these types of projects may increase due to more stringent environmental regulatory requirements and our efforts in reaching sustainability goals. management's estimates of the effects of compliance with governmental pollution-abatement and safety regulations are subject to (a) the possibility of changes in the applicable statutes and regulations or in judicial or administrative construction of such statutes and regulations and (b) uncertainty as to whether anticipated solutions to pollution problems will be successful, or whether additional expenditures may prove necessary.
recently issued accounting pronouncements in april 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting guidance that changed the criteria for reporting discontinued operations and modified related disclosure requirements to provide users of financial statements with more information about the assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of discontinued operations. the guidance modified the definition of discontinued operations by limiting its scope to disposals of components of an entity that represent strategic shifts that have (or will have) a major effect on an entity's operations and financial results. additionally, these new requirements require entities to disclose the pretax profit or loss related to disposals of significant components that do not qualify as discontinued operations. these new requirements became effective on january 1, 2015. for additional information, refer to note 3, "divestitures," to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this report.
in may 2014, the fasb issued accounting guidance designed to enhance comparability of revenue recognition practices across entities, industries, jurisdictions and capital markets. the core principle of the guidance is that revenue recognized from a transaction or event that arises from a contract with a customer should reflect the consideration to which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for goods or services provided. to achieve that core principle the new guidance sets forth a five-step revenue recognition model that will need to be applied consistently to all contracts with customers, except those that are within the scope of other topics in the accounting standards codification ("asc"). also required are new disclosures to help users of financial statements better understand the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. the new disclosures include qualitative and quantitative information about contracts with customers, significant judgments made in applying the revenue guidance, and assets recognized related to the costs to obtain or fulfill a contract. these new requirements become effective for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017. early adoption is permitted for annual and interim reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016. we are assessing the impact of these new requirements on our financial statements.
in june 2014, the fasb issued accounting guidance which clarifies the proper method of accounting for share-based payments when the terms of an award provide that a performance target could be achieved after the requisite service period. the accounting guidance requires that a performance target that affects vesting and that could be achieved after the requisite service period be treated as a performance condition. the performance target should not be reflected in estimating the grant-date fair value of the award. compensation cost should be recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has already been rendered. these new requirements become effective for annual and interim reporting periods
54
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries beginning after december 15, 2015, and early adoption is permitted. we do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
in february 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance that changes the analysis that reporting entities must perform to determine whether certain types of legal entities should be consolidated. specifically, the amendments affect (a) limited partnerships and similar legal entities; (b) the consolidation analysis of reporting entities that are involved with variable interest entities, particularly those that have fee arrangements and related party relationships; and (c) certain investment funds. these amendments are effective for fiscal years, and for interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. we are assessing the impact of these amendments on our financial statements, however we do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
in april and august 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance that changes the balance sheet presentation of debt issuance costs (except for debt issuance costs related to line-of-credit arrangements). the guidance requires debt issuance costs relating to a recognized debt liability to be presented as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the associated debt liability in the balance sheet. this new requirement will be effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and is to be applied on a retrospective basis. we do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
in april 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance that, among other things, provides for a practical expedient related to interim period remeasurements of defined benefit plan assets and obligations. the practical expedient permits entities to remeasure plan assets and obligations using the month-end that is closest to the date of the actual event. disclosure of such election and related month-end remeasurement date is required. this guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and is to be applied prospectively. early application is permitted. we do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
in april 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance which clarifies the proper method of accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement. the guidance requires software licenses included in a cloud computing arrangement to be accounted for consistently with the acquisition of other software licenses. if a cloud computing arrangement does not include a software license, the arrangement should be accounted for as a service contract. this new requirement will be effective for annual periods, including interim periods within those annual periods, beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted. we do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
in may 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance for which investments measured at net asset value per share (or its equivalent) using the practical expedient should no longer be categorized within the fair value hierarchy. although removed from the fair value hierarchy, disclosure of the nature, risks and amount of investments for which fair value is measured using the practical expedient is still required. this guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2015, and interim periods within those fiscal years, and is to be applied on a retrospective basis. early adoption is permitted. we do not expect this guidance to have a significant impact on our financial statements.
in july 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance that requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. the scope of this guidance excludes inventory measured using the last-in first-out method or the retail inventory method. this new requirement will be effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and is to be applied prospectively. early application is permitted. we are assessing the impact of this new requirement on our financial statements.
in september 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance that eliminates the requirement to retrospectively adjust prior period financial statements for measurement-period adjustments that occur in periods after a business combination is consummated. measurement-period adjustments should continue to be calculated as if they were known at the acquisition date, but will now be recognized in the reporting period in which they are determined. the new guidance also requires that the acquirer present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the amount recorded in current-period earnings, by line item, that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. as allowed by the provisions of this new guidance, we early-adopted this new guidance in the third quarter of 2015. the adoption of this new guidance did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in november 2015, the fasb issued accounting guidance that changes the balance sheet classification of deferred tax assets and liabilities. the guidance requires deferred tax assets and liabilities to be classified as noncurrent on the balance sheet, along with any related valuation allowance. as allowed by the provisions of this new guidance, we early-adopted this new
55
albemarle corporation and subsidiaries guidance in the fourth quarter of 2015 on a prospective basis. accordingly, deferred tax asset and liability amounts as of december 31, 2014 were not retrospectively adjusted.
in february 2016, the fasb issued accounting guidance that requires assets and liabilities arising from leases to be recorded on the balance sheet. additional disclosures are required regarding the amount, timing, and uncertainty of cash flows from leases. this new guidance will be effective for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, and is to be applied using a modified retrospective approach. early application is permitted. we have not evaluated the impact of the updated guidance on our consolidated financial statements.
