item 1a.   risk factors

this section highlights specific risks that could affect us and our businesses. you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k. based on the information currently known to us, we believe the following information identifies the most significant risk factors affecting us. however, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events or if the circumstances described in the risks and uncertainties occur or continue to occur, these events or circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. these events could also have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities.
strategic, business and competitive risks difficult economic conditions may materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our results of operations are materially affected by economic conditions, both in the united states and elsewhere around the world. uncertain expectations for global economic growth have had, and may continue to have, an adverse effect on us, in part because we are very dependent upon the level of consumer and business activity and the demand for credit and payment products. a prolonged period of slow economic growth or deterioration in economic conditions could change customer behaviors, including spending on our cards and the ability and willingness of card members to pay amounts owed to us. travel expenditures are sensitive to business and personal discretionary spending levels and also tend to decline during general economic downturns. further, economic instability in certain regions or countries could negatively affect consumer and business spending in other parts of the world. if economic conditions were to worsen, we could experience adverse effects on our results of operations and financial condition.
factors such as consumer spending, business investment, government spending, interest rates, tax rates, fuel and other energy costs, the volatility and strength of the capital markets, inflation and deflation all affect the economic environment and, ultimately, our profitability. while the recent drop in oil prices may be beneficial for the u.s. economy overall, it has negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, the amount of gas spending on our cards. an economic downturn characterized by higher unemployment, lower family income, lower consumer spending, lower demand for credit, lower corporate earnings or lower business investment is likely to materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. furthermore, such factors may cause our earnings, credit metrics and margins to fluctuate and diverge from expectations of analysts and investors, who may have differing assumptions regarding their impact on our business, adversely affecting the trading price of our common shares.
our operating results may suffer because of substantial and increasingly intense competition worldwide in the payments industry.
the payments industry is highly competitive, and we compete with a wide variety of financial payment products, including charge, credit and debit card networks and issuers, paper-based transactions (e.g., cash and checks), bank transfer models (e.g., wire transfers and ach), as well as evolving alternative payment mechanisms, systems and products, such as aggregators and web-based payment platforms (e.g., paypal, square and amazon), wireless payment technologies (including using mobile telephone networks to carry out transactions), virtual currencies, prepaid systems, gift cards, mobile payments, blockchain and similar distributed ledger technologies, and other systems linked to payment cards or that provide payment solutions. we also compete with technology companies, telecommunication providers, handset manufacturers, large retailers and retailer coalitions that are seeking to integrate more financial services into their product offerings.
we are the fourth largest general-purpose card network on a global basis based on purchase volume, behind china unionpay, visa and mastercard and. we believe visa and mastercard are larger than we are in most countries. as a result, competitive card issuers and acquirers on the visa and mastercard networks may be able to benefit from the dominant position, scale, resources, marketing and pricing of visa and mastercard.
some of our competitors have developed, or may develop, substantially greater financial and other resources than we have, including larger cash reserves, may offer a wider range of programs and services than we offer or may use more effective advertising, marketing or cross-selling strategies to achieve broader brand recognition, cobrand card
33
programs or merchant acceptance than we have. we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats or respond or adapt to changes in consumer spending habits as effectively as our competitors.
spending on our cards could continue to be impacted by increasing consumer usage of debit cards issued on competitive networks, as well as adoption of payment systems based on ach or other payment mechanisms. to the extent alternative payment mechanisms, systems and products continue to successfully expand, our discount revenues and our ability to access transaction data through our closed-loop network could be negatively impacted. if we are not able to differentiate ourselves from our competitors, drive value for our customers and/or effectively grow in areas such as mobile and online payments, fee-based services and emerging technologies, we may not be able to compete effectively against these threats.
to the extent we expand into new business areas and new geographic regions, we may face competitors with more experience and more established relationships with relevant customers, regulators and industry participants, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. we may face additional compliance and regulatory risk to the extent that we expand into new business areas and we may need to dedicate more expense, time and resources to comply with regulatory requirements than our competitors, particularly those that are not regulated financial institutions. in addition, companies that control access to consumer and merchant payment method preferences through digital wallets, mobile applications or at the point of sale could choose not to accept or could suppress use of our products or could restrict our access to our customers and transaction data. such companies could also require payments from us to participate in such digital wallets and applications, impacting our profitability on transactions. laws and business practices that favor local competitors, require card transactions to be routed over domestic networks or prohibit or limit foreign ownership of certain businesses could slow our growth in international regions. further, expanding our service offerings, adding customer acquisition channels and forming new partnerships could have higher cost structures than our current arrangements, adversely impact our average discount rate or dilute our brand.
many of our competitors are subject to different, and in some cases, less stringent, legislative and regulatory regimes. more restrictive laws and regulations that do not apply to all of our competitors can put us at a competitive disadvantage, including prohibiting us from engaging in certain transactions, regulating our contract terms and practices governing merchant card acceptance or adversely affecting our cost structure. see “ongoing legal proceedings regarding provisions in our merchant contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, result in additional litigation and/or arbitrations, subject us to substantial monetary damages and damage our reputation and brand” for a discussion of the potential impact on our ability to compete effectively if ongoing legal proceedings limit our ability to prevent merchants from engaging in various actions to discriminate against our card products.
we face continued intense competitive pressure that may impact the prices we charge merchants that accept our cards for payment for goods and services.
unlike our competitors in the payments industry that rely on high revolving credit balances to drive profits, our business model is focused on card member spending. discount revenue, which represents fees generally charged to merchants when card members use their cards to purchase goods and services on our network, is primarily driven by billed business volumes and is our largest single revenue source. in recent years, we experienced some reduction in our global weighted average merchant discount rate and have been under increasing market pressure, including pressure created by regulatory-mandated reductions to competitors’ pricing, to reduce merchant discount rates and undertake other repricing initiatives. we also face pressure from competitors that have other sources of income or lower expense bases that can make their pricing more attractive to key business partners and merchants. merchants are also able to negotiate incentives and pricing concessions from us as a condition to accepting our cards. as merchants consolidate and become even larger, we may have to increase the amount of incentives and/or concessions we provide to certain merchants, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations. competitive and regulatory pressures on pricing could make it difficult to offset the costs of these incentives.
in addition, differentiated payment models and technologies from non-traditional players in the alternative payments space and the regulatory and litigation environment could pose challenges to our traditional payment model and adversely impact our average discount rate. some merchants also continue to invest in their own payment solutions, such as proprietary-branded mobile wallets and the currentc app on the merchant customer exchange, using both traditional and new technology platforms. if merchants are able to drive broad consumer adoption and usage, it could adversely impact our merchant discount rate and billed business volumes.
a continuing priority of ours is to drive greater and differentiated value to our merchants, which, if not successful, could negatively impact our discount revenue and financial results. if we continue to experience a decline in the average merchant discount rate, we will need to find ways to offset the financial impact by increasing billed business volumes, increasing other sources of revenue, such as fee-based revenue or interest income, or both. we may not succeed in sustaining merchant discount rates or offsetting the impact of declining merchant discount rates, particularly in the current regulatory environment, which could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability, and therefore our ability to invest in innovation and in value-added services to merchants and card members.
34
an increasing prevalence of surcharging by merchants could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations.
in certain countries, such as australia and certain member states in the eu, merchants are permitted by law to surcharge card purchases. the number of countries in the eu that permit surcharging and the potential for selective surcharging of american express cards only could increase following adoption of new eu-wide regulation, as discussed in “global network & merchant services — regulation.” in australia, we have seen increasing merchant surcharging on american express cards in certain merchant categories and, in some cases, on a basis that is greater than that applied to cards issued on the bankcard networks, which is known as differential surcharging.
if surcharging becomes widespread, american express cards and credit and charge cards generally could become less desirable to consumers, which could result in a decrease in cards-in-force and transaction volumes. the impact could vary depending on the manner in which a surcharge is levied and whether surcharges are levied upon all payment cards, whether debit cards are excluded, or whether the amount of the surcharge varies depending on the card, network, acquirer or issuer. surcharging could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, particularly to the extent surcharging disproportionately impacts our card members through differential surcharging or otherwise.
if we are not able to invest successfully in, and compete at the leading edge of, technological developments across all our businesses, our revenue and profitability could be negatively affected.
our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes. in order to compete in our industry, we need to continue to invest in business process and technology advances across all areas of our business, including in transaction processing, data management and analysis, customer interactions and communications, alternative payment mechanisms and risk management and compliance systems. incorporating new technologies into our products and services may require substantial expenditures and take considerable time, and ultimately may not be successful. we expect that new technologies in the payments industry will continue to emerge, and these new technologies may be superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies we currently use in our products and services.
our success will depend in part on our ability to innovate by offering new payment services products, develop new technologies and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards. consumer and merchant adoption is a key competitive factor and our competitors may develop products, platforms or technologies that become more widely adopted than ours. if we are unable to continue to keep pace with innovation, manage the shift to mobile, device-based and multi-channel commerce, drive adoption of new products and services or improve the quality of the card member experience, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our ability to develop, acquire or access competitive technologies or business processes on acceptable terms may also be limited by intellectual property rights that third parties, including competitors and potential competitors, may assert. in addition, our ability to adopt new technologies may be inhibited by a need for industry-wide standards, a changing legislative and regulatory environment, the need for internal product and engineering expertise, resistance to change from card members or merchants, or the complexity of our systems.
we may not be successful in our efforts to promote card usage through our marketing, promotion, merchant acceptance and rewards programs, or to effectively control the costs of such programs, both of which may impact our profitability.
increasing consumer and business spending on our cards and growing card lending balances depend in part on our ability to develop and issue new or enhanced cards and increase revenues from such products. if customers do not perceive our new offerings as providing significant value, they may fail to accept our new products and services, which would negatively impact our results of operations. increasing spending on our cards also depends on our continued expansion of merchant acceptance of our cards. if the rate of merchant acceptance growth slows or reverses itself, our business could suffer.
one of the ways in which we attract new card members, reduce card member attrition and seek to retain or capture a greater share of customers’ total spending is through our membership rewards program, as well as other card member benefits. any significant change in, or failure by management to reasonably estimate, actual redemptions of membership rewards points and associated redemption costs could adversely affect our profitability. in addition, many credit card issuers have instituted rewards and cobrand programs that are similar to ours, and issuers may in the future institute programs and services that are more attractive than ours.
we have been spending at elevated levels on a number of growth initiatives over the past couple years and expect to continue spending at similar levels in 2016. there can be no assurance that any of our investments to acquire card members and increase usage of our cards will be effective. we may not be able to cost-effectively manage and expand card member benefits, including containing the growth of marketing, promotion, rewards and card member services expenses in the future. if such expenses continue to increase beyond our expectations, we will need to find ways to offset the financial impact by increasing payments volume, increasing other areas of revenues such as fee-based revenues or both. we may not succeed in doing so, particularly in the current regulatory environment.
35
our brand and reputation are key assets of our company, and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace.
our brand and its attributes are key assets of ours, and we believe our continued success depends on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. our ability to attract and retain consumer and small business card members and corporate clients is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of service, trustworthiness, business practices, merchant acceptance, financial condition and other subjective qualities. negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters — even if related to seemingly isolated incidents — could erode trust and confidence and damage our reputation among existing and potential card members and corporate clients, which could make it difficult for us to attract new card members and customers and maintain existing ones. negative public opinion could also result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including card practices, regulatory compliance and the use and protection of customer information, and from actions taken by regulators or others in response to such conduct. social media channels can also cause rapid, widespread reputational harm to our brand.
our brand and reputation may also be harmed by actions taken by third parties that are outside our control. for example, any shortcoming of a third-party vendor, merchant acquirer or gns partner may be attributed by card members and merchants to us, thus damaging our reputation and brand value. the lack of acceptance or suppression of card usage by merchants can also negatively impact perceptions of our brand and our products, lower overall transaction volume and increase the attractiveness of other payments systems. adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation, or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation against us. furthermore, as a corporation with headquarters and operations located in the united states, a negative perception of the united states arising from its political or other positions could harm the perception of our company and our brand. although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
if we cannot successfully execute on our strategy, our business and financial results may be adversely impacted.
we may not be able to implement important strategic initiatives in accordance with our expectations, which may result in an adverse impact on our business and financial results. these strategic initiatives are designed to improve our results of operations and drive long-term shareholder value, and include:
•   growing our card member base and merchant network

•   deepening customer relationships through lending and rewards

•   increasing our international presence

•   growing in commercial payments

•   developing newer, adjacent opportunities like our loyalty coalition business

the process of developing new products and services and enhancing existing products and services is complex, costly and uncertain, and any failure by us to anticipate customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends accurately could significantly harm our ability to compete effectively. in addition, we may underestimate the time and expense we must invest in new products and services before they generate material revenues, if at all.
our growth strategy also includes the pursuit of new business opportunities and, potentially, acquisitions. however, we may not be able to take advantage of new business opportunities or to identify and secure future acquisition candidates on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us, which could impair our growth.
we also continue to pursue a disciplined expense-management strategy, although there is no guarantee that we will be able to control the growth of expenses. expenses incurred in our foreign entities are subject to foreign exchange volatility and may cause our expenses to increase in any particular period even if we otherwise achieve cost savings. in addition, compliance, legal and related costs are difficult to predict or control given the current environment and may vary from period to period. as cybersecurity threats continue to evolve, we have invested and will continue to invest significant additional resources to continue to modify and strengthen our protective security measures, investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities of our information systems and infrastructure and develop new technology to mitigate security risks. if we are unable to successfully manage our expenses, our financial results will be negatively affected.
a significant disruption or breach in the security of our information technology systems or an increase in fraudulent activity using our cards could lead to reputational damage to our brand and significant legal, regulatory and financial exposure and could reduce the use and acceptance of our charge and credit cards.
we and other third parties process, transmit and store account information in connection with our charge and credit cards and prepaid products, and in the normal course of our business, we collect, analyze and retain significant volumes of certain types of personally identifiable and other information pertaining to our customers and employees.
36
global financial institutions like us have experienced a significant increase in information security risk in recent years and will likely continue to be the target of increasingly sophisticated cyber-attacks, including computer viruses, malicious or destructive code, social engineering attacks (including phishing), denial of service attacks and security breaches. for example, we and other u.s. financial services providers have been the targets of distributed denial-of-service attacks from sophisticated third parties.
our networks and systems are subject to constant attempts to identify and exploit potential vulnerabilities in our operating environment with intent to disrupt our business operations and capture various types of information relating to corporate trade secrets, customer information, including card member and loyalty program account information, employee information and other sensitive business information. there are a number of motivations for cyber threat actors, including criminal activities such as fraud, identity theft and ransom, corporate or nation-state espionage, public embarrassment with the intent to cause financial or reputational harm, intent to disrupt information technology systems, and to expose and exploit potential security and privacy vulnerabilities in corporate systems and websites. as outsourcing and specialization of functions within the payments industry increase, there are more third parties involved in processing transactions using our cards and there is a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties, including merchants that accept our cards and our business partners, may be compromised, which could lead to unauthorized transactions on our cards and costs associated with responding to the compromise.
we develop and maintain systems and processes aimed at detecting and preventing data breaches and fraudulent activity, which require significant investment, maintenance and ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies and regulatory requirements change and as efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. despite our efforts, the possibility of data breaches, malicious social engineering and fraudulent or other malicious activities and human error or malfeasance cannot be eliminated entirely, and risks associated with each of these remain, including the unauthorized disclosure, release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of confidential, proprietary and other information (including account data information), online accounts and systems. these risks will likely evolve as new technology is deployed. for example, with the increased use of emv technology, we may see a decrease in traditional fraud risk, but sophisticated fraudsters may develop new ways to commit fraud and we may see an increase in online fraud.
our information technology systems, including our transaction authorization, clearing and settlement systems, and data centers may experience service disruptions or degradation because of technology malfunction, sudden increases in customer transaction volume, natural disasters, accidents, power outages, telecommunications failures, fraud, denial-of-service and other cyber-attacks, terrorism, computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar events. service disruptions could prevent access to our online services and account information, compromise company or customer data, and impede transaction processing and financial reporting. inadequate infrastructure in lesser developed countries could also result in service disruptions, which could impact our ability to do business in those countries.
if our information technology systems experience a significant disruption or breach or if actual or perceived fraud levels or other illegal activities involving our cards or customer online accounts were to rise due to a data breach at a business partner, merchant or other market participant, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, it could lead to the loss of data or data integrity, regulatory investigations and intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance), increased litigation (including class action litigation), remediation and response costs, greater concerns of customers and/or business partners relating to the privacy and security of their data, and reputational and financial damage to our brand, which could reduce the use and acceptance of our cards, and have a material adverse impact on our business. if such disruptions or breaches are not detected immediately, their effect could be compounded. data breaches and other actual or perceived failures to maintain confidentiality, integrity, privacy and/or data protection, including leaked business data, may also disrupt our operations, undermine our competitive advantage through the disclosure of sensitive company information, divert management attention and resources and negatively impact the assessment of us and our subsidiaries by banking regulators and rating agencies.
successful cyber-attacks or data breaches at other large financial institutions, large retailers or other market participants, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general, which could result in reduced use of our products and services. although we have insurance for losses related to cyber-risks and attacks and information security and privacy liability, it may not be sufficient to offset the impact of a material loss event.
we face substantial and increasingly intense competition for partner relationships, which could result in a loss or renegotiation of these arrangements that could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
in the ordinary course of our business we enter into different types of contractual arrangements with business partners in a variety of industries. for example, we have partnered with delta air lines, as well as many others globally, to offer cobranded cards for consumers and small businesses, and through our membership rewards program we have partnered with businesses in many industries, including the airline industry, to offer benefits to card member participants. competition for relationships with key business partners is very intense and there can be no assurance we will be able to grow or maintain these partner relationships. establishing and retaining attractive cobrand card partnerships is particularly competitive among card issuers and networks as these partnerships typically have high-spending loyal customers. our entire cobrand portfolio
37
accounted for approximately 22 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2015. card member loans held for investment related to our cobrand portfolio accounted for approximately 33 percent of our worldwide card member loans held for investment as of december 31, 2015, which do not include card member loans related to our cobrand partnerships with costco wholesale corporation in the united states and jetblue airways corporation that were transferred to held for sale on the consolidated balance sheets effective december 1, 2015. see note 2 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information on loans and receivables held for sale.
we face the risk that we could lose partner relationships, even after we have invested significant resources, time and expense in acquiring and developing the relationships. the volume of billed business could decline and card member attrition could increase, in each case, significantly as a result of the termination of one or more partnership relationships. in addition, some of our cobrand arrangements provide that, upon expiration or termination, the cobrand partner may purchase or designate a third party to purchase the receivables generated with respect to its program, which could result in a significant decline in our card member loans outstanding. for example, we previously announced that our u.s. cobrand relationship with costco is set to end in 2016 and we expect to sell the outstanding card member loans associated with the costco portfolio. for a discussion on costco and our expectations regarding the portfolio sale, see “business environment” under “md&a.” in november 2015, starwood hotels & resorts worldwide, with which we have a cobrand relationship, announced that it agreed to be acquired by marriott international, which has a cobrand relationship with a competing card issuer.
we also face the risk that existing relationships will be renegotiated with less favorable terms for us as competition for such relationships increases. in 2015, both card member rewards expense and cost of card member services increased when compared to the prior year, reflecting a portion of the increased costs related to several recently renewed cobrand partnerships.
the loss of business partners (whether by non-renewal at the end of the contract period, such as the end of our relationship with costco in the united states in 2016, or early termination as the result of a merger or otherwise, such as the withdrawal of american airlines in 2014 from our airport club access program for centurion and platinum card members) or the renegotiation of existing relationships with terms that are significantly worse for us could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. in addition, any publicity associated with the loss of any of our key business partners could harm our reputation, making it more difficult to attract and retain card members and merchants, and could lessen our negotiating power with our remaining and prospective business partners.
we have agreements with business partners in a variety of industries, including the airline industry, that represent a significant portion of our business. we are exposed to risks associated with these industries, including bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings, consolidations and alliances of our partners, and the possible obligation to make payments to our partners.
we may be obligated to make or accelerate payments to certain business partners such as cobrand partners and merchants upon the occurrence of certain triggering events such as: (i) our filing for bankruptcy, (ii) our economic condition deteriorating such that our senior unsecured debt rating is downgraded significantly below investment grade by s&p and moody’s, (iii) our ceasing to have a public debt rating, or (iv) a shortfall in certain performance levels. if we are not able to effectively manage these triggering events, we could unexpectedly have to make payments to these partners, which could have a negative effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
similarly, we have credit risk to certain cobrand partners relating to our prepayments for loyalty program points that may not be fully redeemed. we are also exposed to risk from bankruptcies, liquidations, insolvencies, financial distress, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events that may occur in any industry representing a significant portion of our billed business, which could negatively impact particular card products and services (and billed business generally) and our financial condition and results of operations. for example, we could be materially impacted if we were obligated to or elected to reimburse card members for products and services purchased from merchants that have ceased operations or stopped accepting our cards.
the airline industry, which represents a significant portion of our billed business, has undergone bankruptcies, restructurings, consolidations and other similar events in the past. the airline industry accounted for approximately eight percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2015. our largest airline cobrand portfolio, american express’ delta skymiles, accounted for approximately six percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2015 and approximately 20 percent of worldwide card member loans held for investment as of december 31, 2015. we have credit risk to the airline industry to the extent we protect card members against non-delivery of goods and services, such as where we have remitted payment to an airline for a card member purchase of tickets that have not yet been used or “flown.” if we are unable to collect the amount from the airline, we will bear the loss for the amount credited to the card member.
for additional information relating to the general risks related to the airline industry, see “risk management — institutional credit risk — exposure to the airline industry” under “md&a.”
38
we may not be successful in realizing the benefits associated with our strategic alliances, joint ventures and investment activity, and our business and reputation could be negatively impacted.
joint ventures and minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or minority investment. in addition, we may be dependent on joint venture partners, controlling shareholders or management who may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours. business decisions or other actions or omissions of the joint venture partner, controlling shareholders or management may adversely affect the value of our investment, result in litigation or regulatory action against us and otherwise damage our reputation and brand.
as discussed in “global commercial services,” we created a joint venture for our global business travel operations in 2014. there can be no assurance that we will be able to realize the underlying assumptions related to the joint venture transaction, including accelerating the transformation and growth of the corporate travel business, creating additional investment capacity and enhancing its suite of products and services. we and the gbt jv face the risk of potential loss of key customers, vendors and other key business partners as a result of the joint venture transaction. our failure to address these risks or other problems encountered in connection with the joint venture transaction could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction, incur unanticipated liabilities and adversely affect our operations.
we rely on third-party providers of various computer systems, platforms and other services integral to the operations of our businesses. these third parties may act in ways that could harm our business.
we rely on third-party service providers, merchants, processors, aggregators, gns partners and other third parties for services that are integral to our operations, including the timely transmission of accurate information across our global network. if a service provider or other third party fails to provide the data quality, communications capacity or services we require, as a result of natural disaster, operational disruptions, terrorism, hacking or other cybersecurity incidents or any other reason, the failure could interrupt or compromise the quality of our services to customers.
we are subject to the risk that activities of our third-party service providers may adversely affect our business. a failure to exercise adequate oversight over third-party service providers, including compliance with service level agreements or regulatory or legal requirements, could result in regulatory actions, fines, sanctions or economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, integrity, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised, which could significantly harm our business even if the attack or breach does not impact our systems. in addition, the management of multiple third-party vendors increases our operational complexity and decreases our control. it is also possible that the cost efficiencies of certain outsourcings will decrease as the demand for these services increases around the world.
our business is subject to the effects of geopolitical events, weather, natural disasters and other conditions.
geopolitical events, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, severe weather conditions, floods, health pandemics, intrusion into or degradation of our infrastructure by hackers and other catastrophic events can have a negative effect on our business. because of our proximity to the world trade center, our headquarters were damaged as a result of the terrorist attacks of september 11, 2001. similar events or other disasters or catastrophic events in the future and events impacting other sectors of the economy, including the telecommunications and energy sectors, could have a negative effect on our businesses and infrastructure, including our information technology systems. because we derive a portion of our revenues from travel-related spending, our business will be sensitive to safety concerns, and thus is likely to decline during periods in which travelers become concerned about safety issues or when travel might involve health-related risks. in addition, disruptions in air travel and other forms of travel caused by such events can result in the payment of claims under travel interruption insurance policies that we offer and, if such disruptions to travel are prolonged, they can materially adversely affect overall travel-related spending. if the conditions described above (or similar ones) result in widespread or lengthy disruptions to travel, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. card member spending may also be negatively impacted in areas affected by natural disasters or other catastrophic events. the impact of such events on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations.
our success is dependent, in part, upon our executive officers and other key personnel, and the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business.
our success depends, in part, on our executive officers and other key personnel. our senior management team has significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. the market for qualified individuals is highly competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel. as further described in “supervision and regulation — compensation practices,” our compensation practices are subject to review and oversight by the federal reserve and the compensation practices of our u.s. bank subsidiaries are subject to review and oversight by the fdic and the occ. regulatory review and oversight could further affect our ability to attract and retain our executive officers and other key personnel. the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our business.
39
legal, regulatory and compliance risks ongoing legal proceedings regarding provisions in our merchant contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, result in additional litigation and/or arbitrations, subject us to substantial monetary damages and damage our reputation and brand.
the doj and certain states’ attorneys general brought an action against us alleging that the provisions in our card acceptance agreements with merchants that prohibit merchants from discriminating against our card products at the point of sale violate the u.s. antitrust laws. visa and mastercard, which were also defendants in the doj and state action, entered into a settlement agreement and have been dismissed as parties pursuant to that agreement, which was approved by the court. the settlement enjoins visa and mastercard from entering into contracts that prohibit merchants from engaging in various actions to steer cardholders to other card products or payment forms at the point of sale. on february 19, 2015, the trial court found that the challenged provisions in american express card acceptance agreements were anticompetitive and on april 30, 2015 issued a final judgment prohibiting us from enforcing certain elements of such provisions. we appealed this judgment and on december 18, 2015, the court of appeals for the second circuit stayed the trial court’s judgment pending the issuance of its appellate decision. we are also a defendant in a number of actions and arbitration proceedings, including proposed class actions, filed by merchants that challenge the non-discrimination and honor-all-cards provisions in our card acceptance agreements and seek damages. a description of these legal proceedings is contained in “legal proceedings.”
an adverse outcome in these proceedings against us (including an adverse final judgment following appeal in the doj and state action) could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, require us to change our merchant agreements in a way that could expose our cards to increased merchant steering and other forms of discrimination that could impair the card member experience, result in additional litigation and/or arbitrations, impose substantial monetary damages and damage our reputation and brand. even if we were not required to change our merchant agreements, changes in visa’s and mastercard’s policies or practices as a result of legal proceedings, lawsuit settlements or regulatory actions could result in changes to our business practices and materially and adversely impact our profitability.
our business is subject to significant and extensive government regulation and supervision, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to extensive government regulation and supervision in jurisdictions around the world. the current environment of additional regulation, enhanced supervision efforts and increased and unpredictable regulatory investigations and enforcement is likely to continue to result in changes to our business practices, products and procedures, increased costs (including increased compliance costs), and potentially additional penalties and/or restitution payments to card members. in addition, new laws or regulations or changes in the enforcement of existing laws or regulations applicable to our businesses could impact the profitability of our business activities, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities or adopt new technologies, require us to change certain of our business practices or alter our relationships with partners, merchants and card members, or affect retention of our key personnel. such changes also may require us to invest significant management attention and resources to make any necessary changes and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to satisfy regulatory requirements to maintain our financial holding company status, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and we may be restricted in our ability to take certain capital actions (such as declaring dividends or repurchasing outstanding shares) or engage in certain activities or acquisitions. additionally, our banking regulators have wide discretion in the examination and the enforcement of applicable banking statutes and regulations and may restrict our ability to engage in certain activities or acquisitions or require us to maintain more capital.
in recent years, legislators and regulators have focused on the operation of card networks, including interchange fees paid to card issuers in payment networks such as visa and mastercard and the fees merchants are charged to accept cards. fee regulation can significantly negatively impact the discount revenue derived from our business, including as a result of downward pressure on our discount rate from decreases in competitor pricing in connection with caps on interchange fees. in some cases, such regulation extends to certain aspects of our business, for example, gns or cobrand arrangements or terms of card acceptance for merchants, including terms relating to non-discrimination and honor-all-cards. we have brought a legal challenge and seek a ruling from the eu court of justice to invalidate the application of price caps in circumstances where three-party networks issue cards with a cobrand partner. there can be no assurance that our legal challenge will be successful. for a description of certain regulations and their impact on us, see “global network & merchant services — regulation.” legislators and regulators around the world are aware of each other’s approaches to the regulation of the payments industry. consequently, a development in one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in another.
we are subject to certain provisions of the bank secrecy act, as amended by the patriot act, with regard to maintaining effective aml programs. increased regulatory focus in this area could result in additional obligations or restrictions with respect to the types of products and services we may offer to consumers, the countries in which our cards may be used, and the types of customers and merchants who can obtain or accept our cards. activity such as money laundering or terrorist financing involving our cards could result in enforcement action, and our reputation may
40
suffer due to our customers’ association with certain countries, persons or entities or the existence of any such transactions. in addition, member states of the european economic area have implemented the psd for electronic payment services that put in place a common legal framework for licensing and supervision of payment services providers, including card issuers and merchant acquirers, and for their conduct of business. complying with these and other regulations increases our costs and could reduce our revenue opportunities.
various regulatory agencies and legislatures are also considering regulations and legislation covering identity theft, account management guidelines, credit bureau reporting, disclosure rules, security and marketing that would impact us directly, in part due to increased scrutiny of our underwriting and account management standards. these new requirements may restrict our ability to issue charge and credit cards or partner with other financial institutions, which could adversely affect our revenue growth.
see “supervision and regulation” for more information about the material laws and regulations to which we are subject.
litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments and/or requirements resulting in significantly increased expenses, damage to our reputation and/or a material adverse effect on our business.
businesses in the financial services and payments industries have historically been subject to significant legal actions, including class action lawsuits. many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory or punitive damages. while we have historically relied on our arbitration clause in agreements with customers to limit our exposure to class action litigation, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in enforcing our arbitration clause in the future. on october 7, 2015, the cfpb announced a proposal that would, among other changes, require that our consumer arbitration clause not apply to cases filed in court as class actions, unless and until class certification is denied or the class claims are dismissed. this proposal is the beginning of a rulemaking process that may not result in a final rule, if any, becoming effective before 2018. the continued focus of merchants on issues relating to the acceptance of various forms of payment may lead to additional litigation and other legal actions. given the inherent uncertainties involved in litigation, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought in some matters asserted against us, there is significant uncertainty as to the ultimate liability we may incur from litigation matters.
we have been subject to regulatory actions by the cfpb and other regulators and may continue to be involved in such actions, including governmental inquiries, investigations and enforcement proceedings, in the event of noncompliance or alleged noncompliance with laws or regulations. regulatory action could subject us to significant fines, penalties or other requirements resulting in increased expenses, limitations or conditions on our business activities, and damage to our reputation and our brand, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. the recent trend towards larger settlement amounts could lead to more adverse outcomes in any enforcement actions against us in the future. we expect that regulators will continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing supervisory concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings, which could involve restrictions on our activities, among other limitations that could adversely affect our business.
we are subject to capital adequacy and liquidity rules, and if we fail to meet these rules, our business would be adversely affected.
failure to meet current or future capital or liquidity requirements, including those imposed by the new capital rules, the lcr or by regulators in implementing other portions of the basel iii framework, could compromise our competitive position and could result in restrictions imposed by the federal reserve, including limiting our ability to pay common stock dividends, repurchase our common stock, invest in our business, expand our business or engage in acquisitions.
there continues to be substantial uncertainty regarding significant portions of the capital and liquidity regime that will apply to us and our u.s. bank subsidiaries. as a result, the ultimate impact on our long-term capital and liquidity planning and our results of operations is not certain, although an increase in our capital and liquid asset levels could lower our return on equity.
the capital requirements applicable to the company as a bank holding company and our u.s. bank subsidiaries have been substantially revised to implement the international basel iii framework and are in the process of being phased-in. once these revisions are fully phased-in, the company and our u.s. bank subsidiaries will be required to satisfy more stringent capital adequacy standards than in the past. as part of our required stress testing, both internally and by the federal reserve, we must continue to comply with applicable capital standards in the adverse and severely adverse economic scenarios published by the federal reserve each year. to satisfy these requirements, it may be necessary for us to hold additional capital in excess of that required by the new capital rules as they are phased-in.
compliance with capital adequacy and liquidity rules, including the new capital rules and the lcr, will require a material investment of resources. an inability to meet regulatory expectations regarding our compliance with applicable capital adequacy and liquidity rules may also negatively impact the assessment of the company and our u.s. bank subsidiaries by federal banking regulators.
we continue to progress through the parallel run phase of basel iii advanced approaches implementation. depending on how the advanced approaches are ultimately implemented for our asset types, our capital ratios
41
calculated under the advanced approaches may be lower than under the standardized approach. in such a case, we may need to hold significantly more regulatory capital in order to maintain a given capital ratio.
there are several recent proposals or potential proposals that could significantly impact the regulatory capital standards and requirements applicable to financial institutions such as the company and our u.s. bank subsidiaries, as well as our ability to meet these requirements. the basel committee has adopted a framework that would impose a capital buffer on certain banks that may have an important impact on their domestic economies (so-called “domestic systemically important banks,” or “d-sibs”). additionally, the basel committee has proposed a series of revisions to the standardized approach for credit and operational risk capital requirements. if these or other proposals are adopted in the united states and applied to advanced approaches institutions, we could be required to hold significantly more capital.
for more information on capital adequacy requirements, see “capital adequacy” and “liquidity regulation” under “supervision and regulation.”
we are subject to restrictions that limit our ability to pay dividends and repurchase our capital stock. our subsidiaries are also subject to restrictions that limit their ability to pay dividends to us, which may adversely affect our liquidity.
we are limited in our ability to pay dividends and repurchase capital stock by our regulators who have broad authority to prohibit any action that would be considered an unsafe or unsound banking practice. for example, we are subject to a requirement to submit capital plans that include, among other things, projected dividend payments and repurchases of capital stock to the federal reserve for review. as part of the capital planning and stress testing process, our proposed capital actions are assessed against our ability to satisfy applicable capital requirements in the event of a stressed market environment. if our capital plan is not approved for any reason or if we fail to satisfy applicable capital requirements, our ability to undertake capital actions may be restricted. a failure to increase dividends along with our competitors, or any reduction of, or elimination of, our common stock dividend or share repurchase program would likely adversely affect the market price of our common stock and market perceptions of american express.
our ability to declare or pay dividends on, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, shares of our common stock will be prohibited, subject to certain exceptions, in the event that we do not declare and pay in full dividends for the last preceding dividend period of our series b and series c preferred stock.
american express company relies on dividends from its subsidiaries for liquidity, and federal and state law limit the amount of dividends that our subsidiaries may pay to the parent company. in particular, our u.s. bank subsidiaries are subject to various statutory and regulatory limitations on their declaration and payment of dividends. these limitations may hinder our ability to access funds we may need to make payments on our obligations, make dividend payments on outstanding american express company capital stock or otherwise achieve strategic objectives.
for more information on bank holding company and depository institution dividend restrictions, see “dividends” under “supervision and regulation,” as well as “consolidated capital resources and liquidity — share repurchases and dividends” under “md&a” and note 23 to our consolidated financial statements.
regulation in the areas of privacy, data protection and information security could increase our costs and affect or limit our business opportunities and how we collect and/or use personal information.
as privacy, data protection and information security laws are interpreted and applied, compliance costs may increase, particularly in the context of ensuring that adequate data protection and data transfer mechanisms are in place. in recent years, there has been increasing regulatory enforcement and litigation activity in the areas of privacy, data protection and information security in the united states and in various countries in which we operate.
in addition, legislators and/or regulators in the united states and other countries in which we operate are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, data protection and information security laws that potentially could have significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer and/or employee information, and some of our current or planned business activities. new legislation or regulation could increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce revenues from certain business initiatives. moreover, the application of existing or new laws to existing technology and practices can be uncertain and may lead to additional compliance risk and cost.
compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws relating to customer and/or employee data could result in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to fully maximize our closed-loop capability or provide certain products and services, which could materially and adversely affect our profitability. our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory and/or governmental investigations and/or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions, ongoing regulatory monitoring, customer attrition, decreases in the use or acceptance of our cards and damage to our reputation and our brand.
42
we may not be able to effectively manage the operational and compliance risks to which we are exposed.
we consider operational risk to be the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes or information systems, poor data quality, human error or the external environment (i.e., natural disasters). operational risk includes, among others, the risk that employee error or intentional misconduct could result in a material financial misstatement; a failure to monitor a third party’s compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements; or a failure to adequately monitor and control access to data in our systems we grant to third-party service providers. as processes are changed, or new products and services are introduced, we may not fully appreciate or identify new operational risks that may arise from such changes. compliance risk arises from the failure to adhere to applicable laws, rules, regulations and internal policies and procedures. operational and compliance risks can expose us to reputational risks as well as fines, civil money penalties or payment of damages and can lead to diminished business opportunities and diminished ability to expand key operations.
if we are not able to protect our intellectual property, our revenue and profitability could be negatively affected.
we rely on a variety of measures to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, including copyrights, trademarks, patents and controls on access and distribution. these measures may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights and a resulting loss of competitive advantage. in addition, competitors or other third parties may allege that our systems, processes or technologies infringe on their intellectual property rights. given the complex, rapidly changing and competitive technological and business environment in which we operate, and the potential risks and uncertainties of intellectual property-related litigation, a future assertion of an infringement claim against us could cause us to lose significant revenues, incur significant license, royalty or technology development expenses, or pay significant monetary damages.
tax legislative initiatives or assessments by governmental authorities could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we are subject to income and other taxes in the united states and in various foreign jurisdictions. the laws and regulations related to tax matters are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. although management believes our positions are reasonable, we are subject to audit by the internal revenue service and by tax authorities in all the jurisdictions in which we conduct business operations. these tax authorities may challenge our positions or apply existing laws and regulations more broadly, which may potentially result in a significant increase in liabilities for taxes and interest in excess of accrued liabilities.
new tax legislative initiatives may be proposed from time to time, such as proposals for comprehensive tax reform in the united states, which may impact our effective tax rate and could adversely affect our tax positions or tax liabilities. in addition, unilateral or multi-jurisdictional actions by various tax authorities, including an increase in tax audit activity, to address “base erosion and profit shifting” by multinational companies could also have an adverse impact on our tax liabilities.
credit, liquidity and market risks our risk management policies and procedures may not be effective.
our risk management framework seeks to identify and mitigate risk and appropriately balance risk and return. we have established policies and procedures intended to identify, monitor and manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including credit risk, market risk, asset liability risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, compliance risk, model risk and reputational risk. see “risk management” under “md&a” for a discussion of the policies and procedures we use to identify, monitor and manage the risks we assume in conducting our businesses. although we have devoted significant resources to develop our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future, these policies and procedures, as well as our risk management techniques such as our hedging strategies, may not be fully effective. there may also be risks that exist, or that develop in the future, that we have not appropriately anticipated, identified or mitigated. as regulations and markets in which we operate continue to evolve, our risk management framework may not always keep sufficient pace with those changes. if our risk management framework does not effectively identify or mitigate our risks, we could suffer unexpected losses and could be materially adversely affected.
management of our risks in some cases depends upon the use of analytical and/or forecasting models. although we have a governance framework for model development and independent model validation, the modeling methodology could be erroneous or the models could be misused. if our decisions are based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports, we may face adverse consequences, such as financial loss, poor business and strategic decision-making, or damage to our reputation. in addition, some decisions our regulators make, including those related to our capital distribution plans, may be adversely impacted if they perceive the quality of our models to be insufficient.
43
we may not be able to effectively manage credit risk related to consumer debt, business loans, settlement with gns partners, merchant and consumer bankruptcies, delinquencies and other credit trends that can affect spending on card products, debt payments by individual and corporate customers and businesses that accept our card products, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
we are exposed to both individual credit risk, principally from consumer and small business card member receivables and loans, and institutional credit risk from merchants, gns partners, gcs clients, plenti partners and treasury and investment counterparties. third parties may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. country, regional and political risks can contribute to credit risk. our ability to assess creditworthiness may be impaired if the criteria or models we use to manage our credit risk become less predictive of future losses, which could cause our losses to rise and have a negative impact on our results of operations. rising delinquencies and rising rates of bankruptcy are often precursors of future write-offs and may require us to increase our reserve for loan losses. after write-off and delinquency rates reached historical lows, they have recently leveled out and begun to increase in line with our expectations. higher write-off rates and an increase in our reserve for loan losses adversely affect our profitability and the performance of our securitizations, and may increase our cost of funds. in addition, our ability to recover amounts that we have previously written off may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our revenues.
although we make estimates to provide for credit losses in our outstanding portfolio of loans and receivables, these estimates may not be accurate. in addition, the information we use in managing our credit risk may be inaccurate or incomplete. although we regularly review our credit exposure to specific clients and counterparties and to specific industries, countries and regions that we believe may present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to foresee or detect, such as fraud. we may also fail to receive full information with respect to the credit risks of our customers. in addition, our ability to manage credit risk may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as bankruptcy laws and minimum payment regulations). increased credit risk, whether resulting from underestimating the credit losses inherent in our portfolio of loans and receivables, deteriorating economic conditions, changes in our mix of business or otherwise, could require us to increase our provision for losses and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
adverse financial market conditions may significantly affect our ability to meet liquidity needs, access to capital and cost of capital.
we need liquidity to pay merchants, operating and other expenses, interest on debt and dividends on capital stock and to repay maturing liabilities. if we are unsuccessful in managing our liquidity risk, we may maintain too much liquidity, which can be costly and limit financial flexibility; or we may be too illiquid, which could limit our investments in growth opportunities, curtail operations or result in financial distress during a liquidity event.
the principal sources of our liquidity are payments from card members and merchants, cash flow from our investment portfolio and assets, consisting mainly of cash or assets that are readily convertible into cash, direct and third-party sourced deposits, debt instruments such as unsecured medium- and long-term notes and asset securitizations, securitized borrowings through our secured financing facilities, the federal reserve discount window and long-term committed bank borrowing facilities.
our ability to obtain financing in the debt capital markets for unsecured term debt and asset securitizations is dependent on investor demand. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility across the financial markets could negatively impact market liquidity and limit our access to capital required to operate our business. such market conditions may limit our ability to replace, in a timely manner, maturing liabilities, satisfy regulatory capital requirements and access the capital necessary to grow our business. as such, we may be forced to delay raising capital or bear an unattractive cost to raise capital, which could decrease profitability and significantly reduce financial flexibility. market disruption and volatility could have an adverse effect, which may be material, on our ability to access capital and on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
for a further discussion of our liquidity and funding needs, see “consolidated capital resources and liquidity — funding programs and activities” under “md&a.”
any reduction in our and our subsidiaries’ credit ratings could increase the cost of our funding from, and restrict our access to, the capital markets and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
rating agencies regularly evaluate us and our subsidiaries, and their ratings of our and our subsidiaries’ long-term and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, including financial strength as well as factors not within our control, including conditions affecting the financial services industry generally, and the wider state of the economy. our and our subsidiaries’ ratings could be downgraded at any time and without any notice by any of the rating agencies, which could, among other things, adversely limit our access to the capital markets and adversely affect the cost and other terms upon which we and our subsidiaries are able to obtain funding.
44
adverse currency fluctuations and foreign exchange controls could decrease earnings we receive from our international operations and impact our capital.
during 2015, approximately 24 percent of our total revenues net of interest expense were generated from activities outside the united states. we are exposed to foreign exchange risk from our international operations, and accordingly the revenue we generate outside the united states is subject to unpredictable fluctuations if the values of other currencies change relative to the u.s. dollar, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. for the year ended december 31, 2015, foreign currency movements relative to the u.s. dollar negatively impacted our net revenues of $32.8 billion by approximately $1.3 billion as the u.s. dollar strengthened against many currencies over the course of the year.
we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or prohibit the conversion of other currencies into u.s. dollars. political and economic conditions in other countries could also impact the availability of foreign exchange for the payment by the local card issuer of obligations arising out of local card members’ spending outside such country and for the payment of card bills by card members who are billed in a currency other than their local currency. substantial and sudden devaluation of local card members’ currency can also affect their ability to make payments to the local issuer of the card in connection with spending outside the local country. the occurrence of any of these circumstances could further impact our result of operations.
interest rate increases could materially adversely affect our earnings.
interest rates have remained at historically low levels for a prolonged period of time and we expect interest rates to rise in the future. if the rate of interest we pay on our borrowings increases more than the rate of interest we earn on our loans, our net interest yield, and consequently our net income, could fall. our interest expense was approximately $1.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015. a hypothetical 1.0 percent increase in interest rates would have resulted in a decrease to our annual net interest income of approximately $216 million as of december 31, 2015. in addition, interest rate changes may affect customer behavior, such as impacting the loan balance amounts card members carry on their credit cards or their ability to make payments as higher interest rates lead to higher payment requirements, further impacting our results of operations.
for a further discussion of our interest rate risk, see “risk management — market risk management process” under “md&a.”
the value of our assets or liabilities may be adversely impacted by economic, political or market conditions.
market risk represents the loss in value of portfolios and financial instruments due to adverse changes in market variables, which could negatively impact our financial condition. we held approximately $3.8 billion of investment securities as of december 31, 2015. in the event that actual default rates of these investment securities were to significantly change from historical patterns due to challenges in the economy or otherwise, it could have a material adverse impact on the value of our investment portfolio. defaults or economic disruptions, even in countries or territories in which we do not have material investment exposure, conduct business or have operations, could adversely affect us.
an inability to accept or maintain deposits due to market demand or regulatory constraints could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
as a source of funding, our u.s. bank subsidiaries accept deposits from individuals through third-party brokerage networks as well as directly from consumers through american express personal savings. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $54.1 billion in total u.s. retail deposits. we face strong competition in the deposit markets, particularly as to brokerage networks. aggressive pricing throughout the industry may adversely affect our retention of existing balances and the cost-efficient acquisition of new deposit funds. if we are required to offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted. customers could also close their accounts or reduce balances in favor of products and services offered by competitors for reasons other than price, including general dissatisfaction with our products or services and concerns over online security or our reputation.
our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits is also dependent on capital levels of our u.s. bank subsidiaries. the fdia in certain circumstances prohibits banks, including centurion bank and american express bank, from accepting brokered deposits and applies other restrictions, such as a cap on interest rates we may pay. see “prompt corrective action” under “regulation and supervision” for additional information. a significant amount of our outstanding u.s. retail deposits has been raised through third-party brokerage networks, and such deposits are considered brokered deposits for bank regulatory purposes.
while centurion bank and american express bank were considered “well capitalized” as of december 31, 2015 and had no restrictions regarding acceptance of brokered deposits or setting of interest rates, there can be no assurance they will continue to meet this definition. the new capital rules, when fully phased in, will require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain substantially more capital, with a greater emphasis on common
45
equity. additionally, our regulators can adjust the requirements to be “well capitalized” at any time and have authority to place limitations on our deposit businesses, including the interest rate we pay on deposits. an inability to attract or maintain deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (“md&amp;a”)

executive overview business introduction we are a global services company with four reportable operating segments: u.s. card services (uscs), international card services (ics), global commercial services (gcs) and global network & merchant services (gnms). refer to “business” for a discussion of changes to our reportable operating segments, effective in the first quarter of 2016.
we provide our customers with access to products, insights and experiences that enrich lives and build business success. our principal products and services are charge and credit payment card products and travel-related services offered to consumers and businesses around the world. business travel-related services are offered through a non-consolidated joint venture, american express global business travel (gbt jv). prior to july 1, 2014, these business travel operations were wholly owned.
we compete in the global payments industry with charge, credit and debit card networks, issuers and acquirers, as well as evolving and growing alternative payment providers. as the payments industry continues to evolve, we face increasing competition from non-traditional players that leverage new technologies and customers’ existing accounts and relationships to create payment or other fee-based solutions.
our products and services are sold globally to diverse customer groups, including consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies and large corporations. these products and services are sold through various channels, including direct mail, online applications, in-house and third-party sales forces and direct response advertising.
the following types of revenue are generated from our various products and services:
•   discount revenue, our largest revenue source, which represents fees generally charged to merchants when card members use their cards to purchase goods and services at merchants on our network;

•   net card fees, which represent revenue earned from annual card membership fees;

•   travel commissions and fees, which are earned by charging a transaction or management fee to both customers and suppliers for travel-related transactions (business travel commissions and fees included through june 30, 2014);

•   other commissions and fees, which are earned on foreign exchange conversions, card-related fees, such as late fees and assessments, loyalty coalition-related fees and other service fees;

•                                                          other revenue, which represents revenues arising from contracts with partners of our global network services (gns) business (including commissions and signing fees), insurance premiums earned from card member travel and other insurance programs, prepaid card-related revenues, revenues related to the gbt jv transition services agreement, earnings from equity method investments
(including the gbt jv after june 30, 2014) and other miscellaneous revenue and fees; and

•   interest on loans, which principally represents interest income earned on outstanding balances.

financial highlights for 2015, we reported net income of $5.2 billion and diluted earnings per share of $5.05. this compared to $5.9 billion of net income and $5.56 diluted earnings per share for 2014, and $5.4 billion of net income and $4.88 diluted earnings per share for 2013.
2015 results included:
•   a $419 million ($335 million after-tax) charge in the fourth quarter, related to enterprise growth (eg), that was driven primarily by the impairment of goodwill and technology, plus some restructuring costs.

51
2014 results included:
•   a $719 million ($453 million after-tax) gain on the sale of our investment in concur technologies (concur) in the fourth quarter;

•   a $626 million ($409 million after-tax) gain as a result of the business travel joint venture transaction in the second quarter;

•   $420 million ($277 million after-tax) of net charges for costs related to reengineering initiatives, including $313 million ($206 million after-tax) and $133 million ($90 million after-tax) of restructuring charges in the fourth and second quarter, respectively; and

•   a $109 million ($68 million after-tax) charge related to the renewal of our partnership with delta air lines (delta) in the fourth quarter.

2013 results included:
•   a $66 million ($41 million after-tax) charge related to a proposed merchant litigation settlement in the fourth quarter.

in addition, effective december 1, 2015, we transferred the card member loans and receivables related to our cobrand partnerships with costco wholesale corporation (costco) in the united states and jetblue airways corporation (jetblue) (the hfs portfolios) to card member loans and receivables held for sale (hfs) on the consolidated balance sheets. refer to note 2 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information.
non-gaap measures we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america (gaap). however, certain information included within this report constitutes non-gaap financial measures. our calculations of non-gaap financial measures may differ from the calculations of similarly titled measures by other companies.
business environment our performance in 2015 reflected both the strength of our business and the headwinds we have been managing throughout the year. results for the year benefited from healthy loan growth, strong card acquisitions, excellent credit performance, disciplined operating expense control and the benefits of our strong capital position. our results were also challenged by several factors. first, the cumulative impact from the initial increased costs associated with early renewals of certain of our cobrand relationships and the end of our relationship with costco in canada negatively impacted our results. second, the u.s. dollar continued to strengthen as the year progressed. third, our decision to increase spending on growth initiatives for the year, consistent with the elevated levels of 2014, further pressured our 2015 earnings. fourth, the economic, regulatory, and competitive environments all became even more challenging as the year progressed.
the combination of these factors resulted in billings and revenue growth rates that were fairly steady throughout the year. billings did grow in 2015, although growth rates decelerated modestly during the second half of the year. international billed business continued to be strong versus the prior year after excluding canada (due to the termination of our relationship with costco canada last year) and adjusting for foreign currency exchange rates. in the united states, we saw softening in billings on the costco cobrand card, where volumes dropped versus the prior year. lower gas prices also continued to be a drag on billings. gcs billed business growth continued to slow due, in part, to lower airline volumes and a generally cautious corporate spending environment. our billings growth rates during the second half of 2016 will be impacted by the end of our relationship with costco in the united states, which is expected to occur around mid-year.
for the full year, discount revenue was down slightly versus the prior year driven in part by a decline in our discount rate due primarily to the continued rollout of optblue, and we anticipate that the discount rate will further decline by a greater amount during 2016, due to the continued expansion of optblue, a greater impact from international regulatory changes, and continued competitive pressures.
52
growth in net interest income remained strong during the year, driven by loan growth. card member loans held for investment were down in 2015 on a reported basis due to the transfer of the costco and jetblue loan portfolios to card member loans and receivables hfs, effective december 1, 2015. excluding the hfs portfolios from the prior year, worldwide loans increased. we expect to see strong growth in loans held for investment in 2016, and continue to believe there are opportunities to increase our share of lending without significantly changing our overall risk profile. our credit provision was down versus the prior year, as lending write-off rates remained at lower levels. we expect continued growth in loans will contribute to an increase in provisions; we also expect to see some upward pressure on our write-off rates, due primarily to the seasoning of loans related to new card members.
our capital position allowed us to return over $5 billion to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases, representing approximately 105 percent of total capital generated during the year, reflecting our ongoing commitment to using our capital strength to create value for our shareholders.
as mentioned above, we are now reporting the costco portfolio as hfs. we expect the sale to close around mid-year 2016 and that our merchant acceptance agreement will extend through the transaction close. the ultimate gain on sale will be determined based on the assets actually sold, but we currently estimate a gain of approximately $1 billion. we have not yet signed a definitive agreement and given that we are still several months away from the close, and the card member borrowing and paydown trends are difficult to predict in this type of transition, the final gain could differ from our estimate. we expect the portfolio sale gain will be partially used to fund spending on growth initiatives throughout 2016, resulting in some unevenness in our quarterly performance. as of december 31, 2015, costco cobrand accounts were responsible for approximately 19 percent of our worldwide card member loans held for investment and hfs (combined) and approximately 10 percent of our total cards-in-force. costco cobrand accounts generated approximately 8 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2015. approximately 70 percent of the spending on these accounts occurred outside costco warehouses. in addition, 1 percent of our worldwide billed business for the year ended december 31, 2015, came from spending on other (non-costco cobrand) american express cards at costco warehouses.
in an effort to accelerate and expand our cost control efforts to right size our cost base with the evolving business environment, we have launched, in the first quarter of 2016, cost initiatives that are designed to remove $1 billion from our overall cost base, which includes total operating expenses plus marketing and promotion costs, by the end of 2017. we plan to take action throughout 2016 to drive benefits in 2017 and beyond, which we expect will result in restructuring charges in 2016.
see “legal, regulatory and compliance risk” in “risk factors” for information on the potential impacts of an adverse decision in the department of justice (doj) case and related merchant litigations on our business. for discussion of certain legislative and regulatory changes that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition, see “card-issuing business and deposit programs — regulation” under “u.s. card services,” “international card services — regulation,” “global commercial services — regulation,” “global network & merchant services — regulation” and “supervision and regulation” in “business.”
53
consolidated results of operations as a result of the gbt jv transaction, we deconsolidated the global business travel net assets, effective june 30, 2014, resulting in a lack of comparability between the periods presented.
as mentioned previously, effective december 1, 2015, we transferred the card member loans and receivables related to the hfs portfolios (included in the uscs segment), to card member loans and receivables hfs on the consolidated balance sheets. the primary impacts beyond the hfs classification on the consolidated balance sheets are to provisions for losses and credit metrics, which no longer reflect amounts related to these loans and receivables, as credit costs are reported in other expenses through a valuation allowance adjustment. other, non-credit related metrics (i.e., billed business, cards-in-force, net interest yield), continue to reflect amounts related to the hfs portfolios. refer to note 2 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information.
the relative strengthening of the u.s. dollar over the periods of comparison has had an impact on our results of operations. where meaningful in describing our performance, foreign currency-adjusted amounts, which exclude the impact of changes in the foreign exchange (fx) rates, have been provided.
table 1: summary of financial performance years ended december 31,                               2015                   2014                   2013                   change                                                        change
(millions, except percentages and per share amounts)                                                                        2015 vs. 2014                                          2014 vs. 2013
total revenues net of interest expense                          $32,818                $34,188                $32,870       $(1,370      )               (4   )%      $1,318                   4   %
provisions for losses                                             1,988                  2,044                  1,832             (56    )               (3   )          212                  12
expenses                                                         22,892                 23,153                 23,150             (261   )               (1   )            3                   —
net income                                                        5,163                  5,885                  5,359             (722   )              (12   )          526                  10
earnings per common share — diluted (a)                           $5.05                  $5.56                  $4.88       $(0.51       )               (9   )%       $0.68                  14   %
return on average equity (b)                                       24.0   %               29.1   %               27.8   %
return on average tangible common equity (c)                       31.0   %               35.9   %               34.9   %
(a)                                      earnings per common share — diluted was reduced by the impact of (i) earnings allocated to participating share awards and other items of $38 million,
$46 million and $47 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and (ii) dividends on preferred shares of $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, and nil for both the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013.

(b)   return on average equity (roe) is computed by dividing (i) one-year period net income ($5.2 billion, $5.9 billion and $5.4 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively) by (ii) one-year average total shareholders’ equity ($21.5 billion, $20.3 billion and $19.3 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively).

(c)                                            return on average tangible common equity (rotce), a non-gaap measure, is computed in the same manner as roe except the computation of average tangible common equity, a non-gaap measure, excludes from one-year average total shareholders’ equity, one-year average goodwill and other intangibles of $3.8 billion, $3.9 billion and $4.1 billion as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and one-year average preferred shares of $1.6 billion, $0.7 billion and nil as of december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. we believe rotce is a useful measure of the profitability of our business.

table 2: total revenues net of interest expense summary years ended december 31,                 2015               2014               2013               change                                                            change
(millions, except percentages)                                                                    2015 vs. 2014                                              2014 vs. 2013
discount revenue                                  $19,297            $19,389            $18,591   $(92           )                —   %          $798                    4   %
net card fees                                       2,700              2,712              2,631            (12   )                —                81                    3
travel commissions and fees                           349              1,118              1,913           (769   )              (69   )          (795   )              (42   )
other commissions and fees                          2,517              2,508              2,414   9                               —                94                    4
other                                               2,033              2,989              2,274           (956   )              (32   )           715                   31
total non-interest revenues                        26,896             28,716             27,823         (1,820   )               (6   )           893                    3
total interest income                               7,545              7,179              7,005   366                             5               174                    2
total interest expense                              1,623              1,707              1,958            (84   )               (5   )          (251   )              (13   )
net interest income                                 5,922              5,472              5,047   450                             8               425                    8
total revenues net of interest expense            $32,818            $34,188            $32,870   $(1,370        )               (4   )%       $1,318                    4   %
54
total revenues net of interest expense discount revenue remained relatively flat in 2015 compared to 2014, and increased $798 million or 4 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by 2 percent and 7 percent growth in billed business, respectively, offset by a decline in the average discount rate, faster growth in gns billings than in overall company billings, increases in contra-discount revenues, such as cash rebate rewards and higher payments during 2015 related to cobrand partnership agreements. u.s. billed business increased 5 percent, and non-u.s. billed business increased 8 percent on an fx-adjusted basis in 2015 compared to 2014, due to increases in average spending per proprietary basic card and basic cards-in-force.1
the average discount rate was 2.46 percent, 2.48 percent and 2.51 percent for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease in the average discount rate in 2015 compared to 2014 was driven, in part, by growth of the optblue program to expand card acceptance by u.s. small merchants, changes in industry mix and competition, partially offset by the decline in costco merchant volume in canada (which was at a lower discount rate than the average) due to the expiration of our merchant agreement. the average discount rate will likely decline by a greater amount during 2016 due to the continued expansion of optblue, a greater impact from international regulatory changes and continued competitive pressures. overall, changes in the mix of spending by location and industry, merchant incentives and concessions, volume related pricing discounts, strategic investments, certain pricing initiatives, competition, pricing regulation (including regulation of competitors’ interchange rates) and other factors will likely result in continued erosion of our discount rate over time. see tables 5 and 6 for more details on billed business performance and the average discount rate.
net card fees remained relatively flat in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased $81 million or 3 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, while fx-adjusted net card fees increased 5 percent in both periods.1 the increases in both years on an fx-adjusted basis were primarily driven by higher average proprietary cards-in-force. the current year increase also reflects a benefit from certain pricing initiatives.
travel commissions and fees decreased $769 million or 69 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 and $795 million or 42 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the decreases in both years were primarily due to the business travel joint venture transaction, resulting in a lack of comparability between periods.
other commissions and fees remained relatively flat in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased $94 million or 4 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. fx-adjusted other commissions and fees increased 9 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 and 6 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. 1 the increases, on an fx-adjusted basis, in both periods were primarily driven by higher loyalty coalition revenues, as well as higher delinquency fees.
other revenues decreased $956 million or 32 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased $715 million or 31 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease in the current year was primarily driven by prior-year gains related to the sales of investment securities in concur, and the sales of investment securities in industrial and commercial bank of china. the increase in the prior year was primarily driven by the gains on the sales of our investment securities in concur, revenues earned related to the gbt jv transition services agreement, and higher loyalty edge revenues, partially offset by the loss of revenue from the publishing business, which was sold in the fourth quarter of 2013.
interest income increased $366 million or 5 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and $174 million or 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase in both years primarily reflects higher average card member loans, partially offset by decreases in interest and dividends on investment securities, driven by lower average investment securities.
interest expense decreased $84 million or 5 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and $251 million or 13 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease in both years was primarily driven by a lower cost of funds on debt and customer deposits, partially offset by increases in average customer deposit balances.
1                                                           the foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translation into u.s. dollars (e.g., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current year apply to the corresponding year period against which such results are being compared). certain amounts included in the calculations of foreign currency-adjusted revenues and expenses, which constitute non-gaap measures, are subject to management allocations. we believe the presentation of information on a foreign currency adjusted basis is helpful to investors by making it easier to compare our performance in one period to that of another period without the variability caused by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

55
table 3: provisions for losses summary years ended december 31,          2015              2014              2013              change                                                    change
(millions, except percentages)                                                          2015 vs. 2014                                      2014 vs. 2013
charge card                                  $737              $792              $648   $(55       )               (7   )%      $144                  22   %
card member loans                           1,190             1,138             1,115   52                   5                    23                   2
other                                          61               114                69        (53   )              (46   )         45                  65
total provisions for losses (a)            $1,988            $2,044            $1,832   $(56       )               (3   )%      $212                  12   %
(a)   effective december 1, 2015, provisions for losses does not reflect provisions related to the hfs portfolios.

provisions for losses charge card provision for losses decreased $55 million or 7 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and increased $144 million or 22 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease in the current year primarily reflects a reserve release versus a reserve build in 2014, partially offset by higher write-offs. the increase in the prior year was primarily due to a slower reserve rate improvement in 2014 versus 2013, higher corporate card write-offs and the effects of changes in other loss reserve assumptions resulting in a reserve build versus a reserve release in 2013.
card member loans provision for losses increased $52 million or 5 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and $23 million or 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase in the current year primarily reflects a reserve build versus a reserve release in 2014. the reserve build in the current year was due to a small increase in delinquency rates combined with an increase in loan balances, partially offset by lower write-offs and the impact related to transferring the hfs portfolios to card member loans and receivables hfs, as related credit costs are reported in other expenses through a valuation allowance adjustment beginning in december 2015. the increase in the prior year was driven by higher average card member loans, a slower improvement in the reserve rate and the effects of changes in other loss reserve assumptions resulting in a lower reserve release compared to 2013, partially offset by the benefit of lower net write-offs due to improved credit performance.
other provision for losses decreased $53 million or 46 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased $45 million or 65 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease in the current year and increase in the prior year were due, in part, to a merchant-related charge in the fourth quarter of 2014.
table 4: expenses summary years ended december 31,                                                 2015               2014               2013                                         change                                change
(millions, except percentages)                                                                                                                       2015 vs. 2014                         2014 vs. 2013
marketing and promotion                                                            $3,109             $3,216             $2,939         $(107   )               (3   )%        $277                    9   %
card member rewards                                                                 6,996              6,931              6,457            65                    1              474                    7
card member services and other                                                      1,018                822                767           196                   24               55                    7
total marketing, promotion, rewards and card member services and other             11,123             10,969             10,163           154                    1              806                    8
salaries and employee benefits                                                      4,976              6,095              6,191        (1,119   )              (18   )          (96   )               (2   )
other, net (a)                                                                      6,793              6,089              6,796           704                   12             (707   )              (10   )
total expenses                                                                    $22,892            $23,153            $23,150         $(261   )               (1   )%          $3                    —   %
(a)   effective december 1, 2015, other, net includes the valuation allowance adjustment associated with the hfs portfolios.

expenses marketing and promotion expenses decreased $107 million or 3 percent (although they increased 1 percent on an fx-adjusted basis) in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased $277 million or 9 percent in 2014 compared to 2013.2 both periods reflect elevated levels of spending on growth initiatives.
card member rewards expenses increased $65 million or 1 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and $474 million or 7 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the current year increase was primarily driven by higher cobrand rewards expense of $199 million, driven by rate impacts as a result of cobrand partnership renewal costs, partially offset by a decrease in membership rewards expense of $134 million. the latter was primarily driven by slower growth in the ultimate redemption rate (urr) and a decline in the weighted average cost (wac) per point assumption, including
2   refer to footnote 1 on page 55 for details regarding foreign currency adjusted information.

56
the impact of the $109 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2014 related to the delta partnership renewal, partially offset by increased expenses related to new points earned, driven by higher spending volumes.
the prior year increase was primarily due to higher membership rewards expense of $263 million, driven by a $266 million increase related to new points earned, in line with higher spending volumes, and a higher wac per point assumption, including the impact of the previously mentioned charge related to the delta partnership renewal; these increases were offset by slower average growth in the urr. cobrand rewards expense increased $211 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by higher spending volumes.
the membership rewards urr for current program participants was 95 percent (rounded down) at december 31, 2015, compared to 95 percent (rounded up) at december 31, 2014 and 94 percent (rounded down) at december 31, 2013.
card member services and other expenses increased $196 million or 24 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased $55 million or 7 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase in the current year was primarily due to higher costs related to certain previously renewed cobrand partnership agreements. the increase in the prior year was primarily driven by increased engagement levels and use of certain card member benefits, as well as american express-branded airport lounges opened in 2014.
salaries and employee benefits expenses decreased $1.1 billion or 18 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and $96 million or 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease in both years was primarily due to the business travel joint venture transaction (resulting in a lack of comparability between periods). the decrease in the current year was also driven by restructuring charges in the second and fourth quarters of 2014 and lower compensation costs in 2015 as a result of those initiatives. in 2014, compared to 2013, those restructuring charges partially offset the impact of the business travel joint venture transaction.
other expenses increased $704 million or 12 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 and decreased $707 million or 10 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase in the current year reflects the net gain from the 2014 business travel joint venture transaction, partially offset by the eg charge discussed previously. refer to note 2 to the “consolidated financial statements” for further details on the charge. the decrease in the prior year was primarily driven by the gain from the business travel joint venture transaction (resulting in a lack of comparability between periods), and a charge in 2013 related to the rejected merchant litigation settlement. see “legal proceedings” for further information on this merchant litigation.
income taxes the effective tax rate was 35.0 percent in 2015 compared to 34.5 percent in 2014 and 32.1 percent in 2013. the tax rates for 2015, 2014, and 2013 include benefits of $33 million, expenses of $40 million and benefits of $150 million, respectively, related to the resolution of certain prior years’ items. the tax rate for 2015 also includes the impact of the nondeductible portion of the goodwill impairment charge in eg. the tax rates for all periods reflect the level of pretax income in relation to recurring permanent tax benefits and geographic mix of business.
57
table 5: selected statistical information years ended december 31,                           2015                  2014                  2013                         change                 change
2015 vs. 2014          2014 vs. 2013
card billed business: (billions)
united states                                               $721.0                $688.1              $637.0                     5   %                  8   %
outside the united states                                    318.7                 334.7               315.4                    (5   )                  6
total                                                     $1,039.7              $1,022.8              $952.4                     2                      7
total cards-in-force: (millions)
united states                                                 57.6                  54.9                53.1                     5                      3
outside the united states                                     60.2                  57.3                54.1                     5                      6
total                                                        117.8                 112.2               107.2                     5                      5
basic cards-in-force: (millions)
united states                                                 44.8                  42.6                41.1                     5                      4
outside the united states                                     49.5                  47.0                44.0                     5                      7
total                                                        $94.3                 $89.6               $85.1                     5                      5
average discount rate (a)                                     2.46   %              2.48   %            2.51   %
average basic card member spending (dollars) (b)           $16,743               $16,884             $16,334                    (1   )                  3
average fee per card (dollars) (b)                              39                    40                  40                    (3   )                  —
average fee per card adjusted (dollars) (b)                    $44                   $45                 $44                    (2   )%                 2   %
(a)                                                 in the three months ended march 31, 2015, we changed the classification related to certain payments to partners, reducing both discount revenue and marketing and promotion expense. the misclassification in prior periods has been revised to conform to the current period presentation. accordingly, the average discount rate for prior periods was also revised, resulting in a reduction of between zero and one basis point in any period from what was originally reported.

(b)                                               average basic card member spending and average fee per card are computed from proprietary card activities only. average fee per card is computed based on net card fees, including the amortization of deferred direct acquisition costs divided by average worldwide proprietary cards-in-force. the average fee per card, adjusted, which is a non-gaap measure, is computed in the same manner, but excludes amortization of deferred direct acquisition costs. the amount of amortization excluded was $283 million, $306 million and $262 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we present the average fee per card, adjusted, because we believe this metric presents a useful indicator of card fee pricing across a range of our proprietary card products.

58
table 6: selected statistical information
2015                                                   2014
percentage             percentage increase             percentage            percentage increase increase             (decrease) assuming               increase            (decrease) assuming
(decrease)                   no changes in             (decrease)                  no changes in fx rates (a)                                          fx rates (a)
worldwide (b)
billed business                                                                           2   %                           6   %                  7   %                          9   %
proprietary billed business                                                               1                               4                      7                              7
gns billed business (c)                                                                   3                              15                     12                             15
airline-related volume
(8% and 9% of worldwide billed business for 2015 and 2014, respectively)                 (5   )                           1                      5                              6
united states (b)
billed business                                                                           5                                                      8
proprietary consumer card billed business (d)                                             5                                                      7
proprietary small business billed business (d)                                            7                                                     10
proprietary corporate services billed business (e)                                        2                                                      8
t&amp;e-related volume
(26% of u.s. billed business for both 2015 and 2014)                                      4                                                      6
non-t&amp;e-related volume
(74% of u.s. billed business for both 2015 and 2014)                                      5                                                      9
airline-related volume
(7% and 8% of u.s. billed business for 2015 and                                          (2   )                                                  3
2014, respectively)
outside the united states (b)
billed business                                                                          (5   )                           8                      6                             10
japan, asia pacific &amp; australia (japa) billed business                                4                              15                     10                             14
latin america &amp; canada (lacc) billed business                                       (18   )                          (3   )                 (1   )                          8
europe, the middle east &amp; africa (emea) billed business                              (5   )                           8                      7                              7
proprietary consumer and small business billed                                          (10   )                           3                      2                              6
business (f)
japa billed business                                                                     (3   )                          10                      —                              6
lacc billed business                                                                    (29   )                         (17   )                 (5   )                          2
emea billed business                                                                     (3   )                          10                      9                              8
proprietary corporate services billed business (e)                                      (10   )%                          7   %                  3   %                          6   %
(a)                    the foreign currency adjusted information assumes a constant exchange rate between the periods being compared for purposes of currency translation into u.s.
dollars (i.e., assumes the foreign exchange rates used to determine results for the current year apply to the corresponding prior year period against which such results are being compared).

(b)   captions in the table above not designated as “proprietary” or “gns” include both proprietary and gns data.

(c)   included in the gnms segment.

(d)   included in the uscs segment.

(e)   included in the gcs segment.

(f)   included in the ics segment.

59
table 7: selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                2015                  2014                   2013                            change                 change
(millions, except percentages and where indicated)                                                                             2015 vs. 2014          2014 vs. 2013
worldwide card member receivables (a)
total receivables (billions)                                       $44.1                  $44.9                  $44.2                    (2   )%                 2   %
loss reserves:
beginning balance                                                    465                    386                    428                    20                    (10   )
provisions (b)                                                       737                    792                    648                    (7   )                 22
net write-offs (c)                                                  (713   )               (683   )               (669   )                 4                      2
other (d)                                                            (27   )                (30   )                (21   )               (10   )                 43
ending balance                                                      $462                   $465                   $386                    (1   )%                20   %
% of receivables                                                     1.0   %                1.0   %                0.9   %
net write-off rate — principal only — uscs/ics (f)                   1.8   %                1.7                     (e   )
net write-off rate — principal and fees — uscs/ics (f)               2.0   %                1.9                     (e   )
30+ days past due as a % of total — uscs/ics                         1.5   %                1.6                     (e   )
net loss ratio as a % of charge volume — gcs                        0.09   %               0.09   %               0.08   %
90+ days past billing as a % of total — gcs                          0.9   %                0.8   %                0.9   %
worldwide card member loans (a)
total loans (billions)                                             $58.6                  $70.4                  $67.2                   (17   )%                 5   %
loss reserves:
beginning balance                                                  1,201                  1,261                  1,471                    (5   )                (14   )
provisions (b)                                                     1,190                  1,138                  1,115                     5                      2
net write-offs — principal only (c)                                 (967   )             (1,023   )             (1,141   )                (5   )                (10   )
net write-offs — interest and fees (c)                              (162   )               (164   )               (150   )                (1   )                  9
transfer of reserves on hfs loan portfolios                         (224   )                  —                      —                     —                      —
other                                                                (10   )                (11   )                (34   )                (9   )                (68   )
ending balance                                                    $1,028                 $1,201                 $1,261                   (14   )                 (5   )
ending reserves — principal                                         $975                 $1,149                 $1,212                   (15   )                 (5   )
ending reserves — interest and fees                                  $53                    $52                    $49                     2                      6
% of loans                                                           1.8   %                1.7   %                1.9   %
% of past due                                                        164   %                167   %                169   %
average loans (billions) (a)                                       $67.9                  $66.0                  $63.3                     3   %                  4   %
net write-off rate — principal only (f)                              1.4   %                1.5   %                1.8   %
net write-off rate — principal, interest and fees (f)                1.7   %                1.8   %                2.0   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                    1.1   %                1.0   %                1.1   %
(a)   effective december 1, 2015, does not reflect the hfs portfolios.

(b)   provisions on principal and fee reserve components on card member receivables and provisions for principal, interest and/or fees on card member loans.

(c)   write-offs, less recoveries.

(d)   2015 includes the impact of the transfer of the hfs receivables portfolio, which was not significant.

(e)        historically, net loss ratio as a % of charge volume and 90 days past billing as a % of receivables were presented for ics. beginning in the first quarter 2014, as a result of system enhancements, 30 days past due as a % of total, net write-off rate (principal only) and net write-off rate (principal and fees) have been presented.

(f)                                              we present a net write-off rate based on principal losses only (i.e., excluding interest and/or fees) to be consistent with industry convention. in addition, because we consider uncollectible interest and/or fees in our reserves for credit losses, a net write-off rate including principal, interest and/or fees is also presented. the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 reflect the impact of a change in the timing of charge-offs for card member receivables and loans in certain modification programs from 180 days past due to 120 days past due.

60
table 8: net interest yield on card member loans years ended december 31,                                                        2015                 2014                  2013
(millions, except percentages and where indicated)
net interest income                                                                     $5,922                $5,472                $5,047
exclude:
interest expense not attributable to the company’s card member loan portfolio              961                 1,019                 1,181
interest income not attributable to the company’s card member loan portfolio              (387   )              (359   )              (361   )
adjusted net interest income (a)                                                        $6,496                $6,132                $5,867
average loans including hfs loan portfolios (billions)                                   $69.0                 $66.0                 $63.3
(b)
exclude certain non-traditional card member loans and other fees (billions)               (0.2   )              (0.2   )              (0.3   )
adjusted average loans (billions) (a)                                                    $68.8                 $65.8                 $63.0
net interest income divided by average loans                                               8.6   %               8.3   %               8.0   %
net interest yield on card member loans (a)                                                9.4   %               9.3   %               9.3   %
(a)                                             adjusted net interest income, adjusted average loans, and net interest yield on card member loans are non-gaap measures. refer to “glossary of selected terminology” for definitions of these terms. we believe adjusted net interest income and adjusted average loans are useful to investors because they are components of net interest yield on card member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio.

(b)   for purposes of the calculation of net interest yield on card member loans, average loans continues to include the hfs loan portfolios.

61
business segment results we consider a combination of factors when evaluating the composition of our reportable operating segments, including the results reviewed by the chief operating decision maker, economic characteristics, products and services offered, classes of customers, product distribution channels, geographic considerations (primarily united states versus outside the united states) and regulatory considerations. refer to note 25 of the “consolidated financial statements” for additional discussion of the products and services by segment.
in light of the organizational changes discussed under “business,” our financial disclosures will reflect segment changes starting in the first quarter of 2016. this overview discusses the operating segments used for financial reporting in 2015.
results of the business segments generally treat each segment as a stand-alone business. the management reporting process that derives these results allocates revenue and expense using various methodologies as described below.
total revenues net of interest expense we allocate discount revenue and certain other revenues among segments using a transfer pricing methodology. within the uscs, ics and gcs segments, discount revenue generally reflects the issuer component of the overall discount revenue generated by each segment’s card members; within the gnms segment, discount revenue generally reflects the network and acquirer component of the overall discount revenue. net card fees and travel commissions and fees are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported.
interest and fees on loans and certain investment income is directly attributable to the segment in which it is reported. interest expense represents an allocated funding cost based on a combination of segment funding requirements and internal funding rates.
provisions for losses the provisions for losses are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported.
expenses marketing and promotion expenses are included in each segment based on actual expenses incurred, with the exception of brand advertising, which is primarily reflected in the gnms and uscs segments. rewards and card member services expenses are included in each segment based on actual expenses incurred within each segment.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses reflect expenses such as professional services, occupancy and equipment and communications incurred directly within each segment. in addition, expenses related to support services, such as technology costs, are allocated to each segment primarily based on support service activities directly attributable to the segment. other overhead expenses, such as staff group support functions, are allocated from corporate & other to the other segments based on a mix of each segment’s direct consumption of services and relative level of pretax income.
capital each business segment is allocated capital based on established business model operating requirements, risk measures and regulatory capital requirements. the business model operating requirements reflect the capital needed to support operations and specific balance sheet items. the risk measures reflect considerations for credit, market and operational risk.
income taxes an income tax provision (benefit) is allocated to each business segment based on the effective tax rates applicable to the various businesses that comprise the segment.
62
u.s. card services table 9: uscs selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                             2015                   2014                   2013                                        change                              change
(millions, except percentages)                                                                                                                          2015 vs. 2014                       2014 vs. 2013
revenues non-interest revenues                                                         $13,180                $12,628                $12,019          $552                   4   %       $609                    5   %
interest income                                                                 6,267                  5,786                  5,565           481                   8            221                    4
interest expense                                                                  654                    604                    693            50                   8            (89   )              (13   )
net interest income                                                             5,613                  5,182                  4,872           431                   8            310                    6
total revenues net of interest expense                                         18,793                 17,810                 16,891           983                   6            919                    5
provisions for losses                                                           1,453                  1,396                  1,250            57                   4            146                   12
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses             17,340                 16,414                 15,641           926                   6            773                    5
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other                   7,776                  7,197                  6,721           579                   8            476                    7
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                     4,209                  4,117                  3,926            92                   2            191                    5
total expenses                                                                 11,985                 11,314                 10,647           671                   6            667                    6
pretax segment income                                                           5,355                  5,100                  4,994           255                   5            106                    2
income tax provision                                                            1,942                  1,900                  1,801            42                   2             99                    5
segment income                                                                 $3,413                 $3,200                 $3,193          $213                   7   %         $7                    —   %
effective tax rate                                                               36.3   %               37.3   %               36.1   %
uscs offers a wide range of card products and services to consumers and small businesses in the united states, provides travel services to card members and other consumers, and operates a coalition loyalty business.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues increased $552 million or 4 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by 6 percent growth in billed business, partially offset by a decline in the average discount rate and increases in contra-discount revenues, such as cash rebate rewards from new card member acquisition offers and payments under previously renewed cobrand partnership agreements. the increase in billed business was primarily driven by 6 percent higher cards-in-force and a 1 percent increase in average spending per proprietary basic card.
net interest income increased $481 million or 8 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, due to higher interest income resulting from higher average card member loans, partially offset by higher interest expense.
total revenues net of interest expense increased $919 million or 5 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by higher discount revenue, as a result of 8 percent growth in billed business, partially offset by a decrease in the average discount rate and higher cash rebate rewards. the increase also reflected higher net interest income, primarily driven by higher average card member loans and lower funding costs.
provisions for losses overall, provisions for losses increased $57 million or 4 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. charge card provision for losses decreased $31 million or 7 percent, primarily due to a reserve release in 2015 versus a reserve build in 2014, partially offset by higher write-off rates. card member loans provision for losses increased $88 million or 9 percent, driven by a higher reserve build in the current year, versus a reserve release in 2014, due to a small increase in delinquency rates combined with an increase in loan balances, partially offset by lower net write-offs and the impact related to transferring the hfs portfolios to card member loans and receivables hfs, as credit costs related to the hfs portfolios are reported in other expenses through a valuation allowance adjustment beginning in december 2015.
provisions for losses increased $146 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to higher average card member loans, a slower reserve rate improvement and a lower reserve release in 2014, partially offset by the benefit of lower net write-offs for card member loans.
refer to table 10 for the charge card and lending write-off rates for 2015, 2014 and 2013.
63
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses increased $579 million or 8 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, driven in part by a $233 million or 5 percent increase in card member rewards expense. the increase in rewards costs was driven by higher cobrand rewards expenses of $252 million, partially offset by a decrease in membership rewards expense of $19 million. the increase in cobrand rewards expense was driven by higher spending volumes and rate increases, which were due in part to the previously renewed cobrand partnership agreements. the decrease in membership rewards expense was primarily driven by slower growth in the urr and a decline in the wac per point assumption, including the impact of a $96 million charge in the fourth quarter of 2014 related to the delta partnership renewal, partially offset by higher spending volumes. card member services and other expenses increased $207 million or 42 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by higher costs related to renewed cobrand partnership agreements. marketing and promotion increased $139 million or 9 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, reflecting elevated levels of spending on growth initiatives.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses increased $92 million or 2 percent in 2015, compared to 2014, primarily driven by higher spending on growth initiatives and the december 2015 valuation allowance adjustment related to the hfs portfolios mentioned previously, partially offset by lower fraud losses in the current year and a change in the estimated value of certain investments in our community reinvestment act (cra) portfolio in the prior year.
total expenses increased $667 million in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by higher marketing and promotion expenses, higher cobrand rewards expenses related to higher spending volumes and an increase in membership rewards expense, which was due to higher new points earned and a higher wac per point assumption, including the impact of the previously mentioned charge related to the delta partnership renewal. the increase also reflected higher salaries and employee benefits and other expenses, driven by an increase in card-related fraud losses, a change in the estimated value of certain investments in our cra portfolio and higher restructuring charges in 2014.
64
table 10: uscs selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                       2015                2014                2013                         change                 change
(millions, except percentages and where indicated)                                                                                            2015 vs. 2014          2014 vs. 2013
card billed business (billions)                                                        $572.3              $542.0              $501.0                     6   %                  8   %
total cards-in-force                                                                     48.3                45.6                43.7                     6                      4
basic cards-in-force                                                                     36.2                34.0                32.5                     6                      5
average basic card member spending (dollars)*                                         $16,413             $16,294             $15,689                     1                      4
u.s. consumer travel:
travel sales                                                                           $3,761              $3,774              $3,967                     —                     (5   )
travel commissions and fees/sales                                                         7.0   %             7.2   %             7.1   %
total segment assets (billions) (a)                                                    $117.3              $113.2              $103.5                     4                      9
segment capital                                                                       $10,320             $10,433              $9,269                    (1   )                 13
return on average segment capital (b)                                                    32.4   %            32.5   %            35.6   %
return on average tangible segment capital (b)                                           33.7   %            33.6   %            37.0   %
card member receivables: (c)
total receivables (billions)                                                            $23.3               $22.5               $21.8                     4                      3
net write-off rate — principal only (d)                                                   1.7   %             1.6   %             1.7   %
net write-off rate — principal and fees (d)                                               1.9   %             1.8   %             1.9   %
30+ days past due as a % of total                                                         1.5   %             1.7   %             1.6   %
card member loans: (c)
total loans (billions)                                                                  $51.4               $62.6               $58.4                   (18   )%                 7   %
net write-off rate — principal only (d)                                                   1.4   %             1.5   %             1.8   %
net write-off rate — principal, interest and fees (d)                                     1.6   %             1.7   %             2.0   %
30+ days past due loans as a % of total                                                   1.0   %             1.0   %             1.1   %
calculation of net interest yield on card member loans:
net interest income                                                                    $5,613              $5,182              $4,872
exclude:
interest expense not attributable to the company’s card member loan portfolio             164                 157                 183
interest income not attributable to the company’s card member loan portfolio              (16   )             (11   )              (9   )
adjusted net interest income (e)                                                       $5,761              $5,328              $5,046
average loans including hfs loan portfolios (billions)                                  $61.9               $57.8               $54.7
(f)
exclude certain non-traditional card member loans and other fees (billions)                 —                   —                   —
adjusted average loans (billions) (e)                                                   $61.9               $57.8               $54.7
net interest income divided by average loans                                              9.1   %             9.0   %             8.9   %
net interest yield on card member loans (e)                                               9.3   %             9.2   %             9.2   %
*   proprietary cards only.

(a)   as of september 30, 2015, and prospectively, certain intercompany balances have been reclassified between operating segments, as a result of systems enhancements.

(b)                                                return on average segment capital is calculated by dividing (i) one-year period segment income ($3.4 billion for 2015 and $3.2 billion for both 2014 and
2013), by (ii) one-year average segment capital ($10.5 billion, $9.8 billion and $9.0 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively). return on average tangible segment capital, a non-gaap measure, is computed in the same manner as return on average segment capital except the computation excludes from average segment capital average goodwill and other intangibles of $395 million, $319 million and $334 million as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we believe return on average tangible segment capital is a useful measure of the profitability of our business.

(c)   refer to table 7 footnote (a).

(d)   refer to table 7 footnote (f).

(e)                                                adjusted net interest income, adjusted average loans and net interest yield on card member loans are non-gaap measures. refer to “glossary of selected terminology” for the definitions of these terms. we believe adjusted net interest income and adjusted average loans are useful to investors because they are components of net interest yield on card member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio.

(f)   refer to table 8 footnote (b).

65
international card services table 11: ics selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                             2015                  2014                  2013                                          change                                change
(millions, except percentages)                                                                                                                          2015 vs. 2014                         2014 vs. 2013
revenues non-interest revenues                                                         $4,321                $4,737                $4,644           $(416   )               (9   )%         $93                    2   %
interest income                                                                  939                 1,085                 1,118            (146   )              (13   )          (33   )               (3   )
interest expense                                                                 242                   330                   361             (88   )              (27   )          (31   )               (9   )
net interest income                                                              697                   755                   757             (58   )               (8   )           (2   )                —
total revenues net of interest expense                                         5,018                 5,492                 5,401            (474   )               (9   )           91                    2
provisions for losses                                                            329                   370                   388             (41   )              (11   )          (18   )               (5   )
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses             4,689                 5,122                 5,013            (433   )               (8   )          109                    2
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other                  1,943                 2,160                 2,013            (217   )              (10   )          147                    7
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                    2,238                 2,513                 2,357            (275   )              (11   )          156                    7
total expenses                                                                 4,181                 4,673                 4,370            (492   )              (11   )          303                    7
pretax segment income                                                            508                   449                   643              59                   13             (194   )              (30   )
income tax provision                                                              87                    38                    12              49                    #               26                    #
segment income                                                                  $421                  $411                  $631             $10                    2   %        $(220   )              (35   )%
effective tax rate                                                              17.1   %               8.5   %               1.9   %
#   denotes a variance greater than 100 percent

ics offers a wide range of card products and services to consumers and small businesses outside the united states, provides travel services to card members and other consumers, and operates a coalition loyalty business in various countries.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues decreased $416 million or 9 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and fx-adjusted non-interest revenues increased 5 percent, primarily driven by net foreign exchange fees and spread revenue on cross-border card member spending, higher net card fees and revenue from our loyalty partner business.3 billed business decreased 10 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, while fx-adjusted billed business increased 3 percent, primarily due to higher average card member spending per card, partially offset by lower cards-in-force in canada driven by the termination of our relationship with costco in that country.3 refer to tables 5 and 6 for additional information on billed business by region.
interest income decreased $146 million or 13 percent (and remained flat on an fx-adjusted basis), in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by lower average loans as a result of the termination of our relationship with costco in canada, offset by a higher net interest yield. 3
interest expense decreased $88 million or 27 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by lower funding costs, as a result of lower average loans.
total revenues net of interest expense increased $91 million or 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by higher loyalty partner-related fees, higher discount revenue and an increase in net card fees.
provisions for losses provisions for losses decreased $41 million or 11 percent (4 percent increase on an fx-adjusted basis) in 2015, compared to 2014, and decreased $18 million or 5 percent (1 percent on an fx-adjusted basis) in 2014 compared to 2013.3 refer to table 12 for card member receivables and loans write-off rates for 2015, 2014 and 2013.
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses decreased $217 million or 10 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, but increased 3 percent on an fx-adjusted basis, reflecting elevated levels of spending on growth initiatives, primarily in marketing.3
3   refer to footnote 1 on page 55 for details regarding foreign currency adjusted information.

66
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses decreased $275 million or 11 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to restructuring charges in 2014.
total expenses increased $303 million or 7 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by higher marketing and promotion expenses, higher loyalty partner expenses and higher restructuring charges in 2014.
income taxes the effective tax rate in all periods reflects the recurring permanent tax benefit related to the segment’s ongoing funding activities outside the united states, in relation to the levels of pretax income. the benefit is allocated to ics under our internal tax allocation process. the effective tax rates for 2015 and 2013 also include the allocated share of tax benefits related to the resolution of certain prior-years’ items. in addition, the effective tax rate in each of the periods reflects the impact of recurring permanent tax benefits on varying levels of pretax income.
67
table 12: ics selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,                                       2015                 2014                 2013                 change                          change
(millions, except percentages and where indicated)                                                                                             2015 vs. 2014            2014 vs. 2013
card billed business (billions)                                                         $120.2               $133.8               $131.7                   (10   )%                 2   %
total cards-in-force                                                                      15.2                 15.7                 15.7                    (3   )                  —
basic cards-in-force                                                                      10.5                 11.0                 10.7                    (5   )                  3
average basic card member spending (dollars)*                                          $11,459              $12,297              $12,429                    (7   )                 (1   )
international consumer travel:
travel sales                                                                            $1,304               $1,422               $1,420                    (8   )                  —
travel commissions and fees/sales                                                          6.7   %              6.8   %              6.9   %
total segment assets (billions) (a)                                                      $35.4                $30.7                $31.1       15                                  (1   )
segment capital                                                                         $2,906               $2,948               $3,132                    (1   )                 (6   )
return on average segment capital (b)                                                     13.2   %             13.6   %             20.9   %
return on average tangible segment capital (b)                                            21.3   %             24.6   %             38.8   %
card member receivables:
total receivables (billions)                                                              $7.0                 $7.7                 $7.8                    (9   )                 (1   )
net write-off rate — principal only (d)                                                    2.0   %              1.9   %               (c   )
net write-off rate — principal and fees (d)                                                2.2   %              2.1   %               (c   )
30+ days past due as a % of total                                                          1.4   %              1.3   %               (c   )
90+ days past billing as a % of total                                                       (c   )               (c   )              1.1   %
net loss ratio as a % of charge volume                                                      (c   )               (c   )             0.20   %
card member loans:
total loans (billions)                                                                    $7.1                 $7.7                 $8.8                    (8   )%               (13   )%
net write-off rate — principal only (d)                                                    1.9   %              2.0   %              1.9   %
net write-off rate — principal, interest and fees (d)                                      2.4   %              2.4   %              2.3   %
30+ days past due loans as a % of total                                                    1.6   %              1.6   %              1.4   %
calculation of net interest yield on card member loans:
net interest income                                                                       $697                 $755                 $757
exclude:
interest expense not attributable to the company’s card member loan portfolio               68                   89                   93
interest income not attributable to the company’s card member loan portfolio               (32   )              (39   )              (29   )
adjusted net interest income (e)                                                          $733                 $805                 $821
average loans (billions)                                                                  $7.0                 $8.2                 $8.5
exclude certain non-traditional card member loans and other fees (billions)               (0.1   )             (0.2   )             (0.2   )
adjusted average loans (billions) (e)                                                     $6.9                 $8.0                 $8.3
net interest income divided by average loans                                              10.0   %              9.2   %              8.9   %
net interest yield on card member loans (e)                                               10.6   %             10.0   %              9.9   %
*   proprietary cards only.

(a)   as of september 30, 2015, and prospectively, certain intercompany balances have been reclassified between operating segments, as a result of systems enhancements.

(b)                                             return on average segment capital is calculated by dividing (i) one-year period segment income ($421 million, $411 million and $631 million for 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively) by (ii) one-year average segment capital ($3.2 billion for 2015 and $3.0 billion for both 2014 and 2013). return on average tangible segment capital, a non-gaap measure, is computed in the same manner as return on average segment capital except the computation excludes from average segment capital average goodwill and other intangibles of $1.2 billion at december 31, 2015 and $1.4 billion at december 31, 2014 and 2013. we believe return on average tangible segment capital is a useful measure of the profitability of our business.

(c)                 historically, due to system constraints, net loss ratio as a % of charge volume and 90 days past billing as a % of receivables were presented. beginning in the first quarter of 2014, as a result of system enhancements, net write-off rate — principal only, net write-off rate — principal and fees and 30 days past due as a % of total are presented.

(d)   refer to table 7 footnote (f).

(e)                                                adjusted net interest income, adjusted average loans and net interest yield on card member loans are non-gaap measures. refer to “glossary of selected terminology” for the definitions of these terms. we believe adjusted net interest income and adjusted average loans are useful to investors because they are components of net interest yield on card member loans, which provides a measure of profitability of our card member loan portfolio.

68
global commercial services table 13: gcs selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                             2015                  2014                  2013                  change                                                             change
(millions, except percentages)                                                                                                         2015 vs. 2014                                               2014 vs. 2013
revenues non-interest revenues                                                         $3,513                $5,173                $5,085       $(1,660        )              (32   )%           $88                    2   %
interest income                                                                   14                    15                    13                 (1   )               (7   )              2                   15
interest expense                                                                 185                   240                   245                (55   )              (23   )             (5   )               (2   )
net interest expense                                                            (171   )              (225   )              (232   )            (54   )              (24   )             (7   )               (3   )
total revenues net of interest expense                                         3,342                 4,948                 4,853             (1,606   )              (32   )             95                    2
provisions for losses                                                            148                   180                   129                (32   )              (18   )             51                   40
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses             3,194                 4,768                 4,724             (1,574   )              (33   )             44                    1
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other                    632                   682                   604                (50   )               (7   )             78                   13
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                    1,489                 1,678                 2,876               (189   )              (11   )         (1,198   )              (42   )
total expenses                                                                 2,121                 2,360                 3,480               (239   )              (10   )         (1,120   )              (32   )
pretax segment income                                                          1,073                 2,408                 1,244             (1,335   )              (55   )          1,164                   94
income tax provision                                                             407                   865                   384               (458   )              (53   )            481                    #
segment income                                                                  $666                $1,543                  $860       $(877          )              (57   )%          $683                   79   %
effective tax rate                                                              37.9   %              35.9   %              30.9   %
#   denotes a variance greater than 100 percent

gcs offers global corporate payment services to large and mid-sized companies. our business travel operations, which had been included in gcs, were deconsolidated effective june 30, 2014 in connection with the formation of the gbt jv, discussed previously. therefore, there is a lack of comparability against periods prior to the deconsolidation. our proportional share of the gbt jv net income or loss is reported within other revenues.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues decreased $1.7 billion or 32 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease was primarily due to the gain on the sale of our investment in concur in 2014 and the impact of the business travel joint venture transaction (resulting in a lack of comparability between periods). billed business decreased 2 percent in 2015 compared to 2014 and increased 2 percent on an fx-adjusted basis.4 billed business volume increased 2 percent within the united states and decreased 10 percent outside the united states. fx-adjusted billed business outside the united states increased 3 percent.4
net interest expense decreased $54 million or 24 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by lower funding costs due to lower card member receivables.
total revenues net of interest expense increased $95 million or 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to the gain on the sale of our investment in concur in 2014 and higher discount revenue from an increased level of card member spending, partially offset by the impact of the business travel joint venture transaction (resulting in a lack of comparability between periods).
provisions for losses provisions for losses decreased $32 million or 18 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by a lower charge card provision, resulting from a lower reserve build due to lower average card member receivables and lower net write-offs.
provisions for losses increased $51 million or 40 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by higher average card member receivables resulting in higher net write-offs. refer to table 14 for the charge card net loss ratio as a percentage of charge volume.
4   refer to footnote 1 on page 55 for details regarding foreign currency adjusted information.

69
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses decreased $50 million or 7 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by lower card member rewards due to lower spending volumes and a $13 million charge related to the delta partnership renewal in the fourth quarter of 2014.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses decreased $189 million or 11 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to the impact of the business travel joint venture transaction (resulting in a lack of comparability between periods), partially offset by elevated level of spending on growth initiatives in 2015.
total expenses decreased $1.1 billion or 32 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to the impact of the business travel joint venture transaction (resulting in a lack of comparability between periods), including the gain associated with the transaction in the second quarter of 2014, partially offset by transaction-related costs and restructuring charges.
income taxes the effective tax rate for 2015 reflects the impact of certain nondeductible foreign losses. the effective tax rate for 2013 reflects the reversal of a valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets associated with certain of our non-u.s. business travel operations, as well as the allocated share of tax benefits related to the resolution of certain prior-years’ tax items.
table 14: gcs selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,            2015                2014                2013                change                          change
(millions, except percentages and where indicated)                                                               2015 vs. 2014            2014 vs. 2013
card billed business (billions)                             $182.1              $186.7              $175.4                    (2   )%                 6   %
total cards-in-force                                           6.9                 6.9                 7.1                     —                     (3   )
basic cards-in-force                                           6.9                 6.9                 7.1                     —                     (3   )
average basic card member spending (dollars)*              $26,420             $26,706             $24,924                    (1   )                  7
total segment assets (billions) (a)                          $17.7               $18.5               $19.2                    (4   )                 (4   )
segment capital                                             $3,699              $3,782              $3,688                    (2   )                  3
return on average segment capital (b)                         17.4   %            40.9   %            23.6   %
return on average tangible segment capital (b)                30.8   %            74.4   %            45.8   %
card member receivables:
total receivables (billions)                                 $13.8               $14.6               $14.4                    (5   )%                 1   %
90 days past billing as a % of total                           0.9   %             0.8   %             0.9   %
net loss ratio (as a % of charge volume)                      0.09   %            0.09   %            0.08   %
*   proprietary cards only.

(a)   as of september 30, 2015, and prospectively, certain intercompany balances have been reclassified between operating segments, as a result of systems enhancements.

(b)                                             return on average segment capital is calculated by dividing (i) one-year period segment income ($666 million, $1.5 billion and $860 million for 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively) by (ii) one-year average segment capital ($3.8 billion for both 2015 and 2014 and $3.6 billion for 2013). return on average tangible segment capital, a non-gaap measure, is computed in the same manner as return on average segment capital except the computation excludes from average segment capital average goodwill and other intangibles of $1.7 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014 and $1.8 billion at december 31, 2013. we believe return on average tangible segment capital is a useful measure of the profitability of our business.

70
global network & merchant services table 15: gnms selected income statement data years ended december 31,                                             2015                  2014                  2013                                          change                              change
(millions, except percentages)                                                                                                                          2015 vs. 2014                       2014 vs. 2013
revenues non-interest revenues                                                         $5,236                $5,426                $5,229           $(190   )               (4   )%       $197                   4   %
interest income                                                                   98                    52                    32              46                   88              20                  63
interest expense                                                                (194   )              (269   )              (252   )          75                  (28   )         (17   )               7
net interest income                                                              292                   321                   284             (29   )               (9   )          37                  13
total revenues net of interest expense                                         5,528                 5,747                 5,513            (219   )               (4   )         234                   4
provisions for losses                                                             54                    93                    67             (39   )              (42   )          26                  39
total revenues net of interest expense after provisions for losses             5,474                 5,654                 5,446            (180   )               (3   )         208                   4
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other                    698                   819                   704            (121   )              (15   )         115                  16
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses                    2,001                 2,215                 2,273            (214   )              (10   )         (58   )              (3   )
total expenses                                                                 2,699                 3,034                 2,977            (335   )              (11   )          57                   2
pretax segment income                                                          2,775                 2,620                 2,469             155                    6             151                   6
income tax provision                                                           1,004                   960                   894              44                    5              66                   7
segment income                                                                $1,771                $1,660                $1,575            $111                    7   %         $85                   5   %
effective tax rate                                                              36.2   %              36.6   %              36.2   %
gnms operates a global payments network that processes and settles proprietary and non-proprietary card transactions. gnms acquires merchants; leverages our global closed-loop network to offer multi-channel marketing programs and capabilities, services and reporting and analytical data to our merchants around the world; and provides financing products for qualified merchants. it also enters into partnership agreements with third-party card issuers and acquirers to license the american express brand and broaden the card member and merchant base for our network worldwide.
total revenues net of interest expense non-interest revenues decreased $190 million or 4 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. fx-adjusted non-interest revenues increased 2 percent, primarily due to higher royalties from our gns bank partners and an increase in discount revenue driven by 2 percent growth in global worldwide card billed business.5
net interest income decreased $29 million or 9 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, due to a reduction in the interest expense credit, which was partially offset by higher interest income on our merchant financing loans. the interest expense credit relates to internal transfer pricing and funding rates, which resulted in a net benefit for gnms due to its merchant payables.
total revenues net of interest expense increased $234 million or 4 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to higher merchant-related revenues as a result of global worldwide card billed business growth of 7 percent, and an increase in net interest income.
provisions for losses provisions for losses decreased $39 million or 42 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, and increased $26 million or 39 percent in 2014 compared to 2013. the change in both periods reflected a merchant-related charge in the fourth quarter of 2014.
expenses marketing, promotion, rewards, card member services and other expenses decreased $121 million or 15 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by the reinvestment of a significant portion of the gain from the business travel joint venture transaction in growth initiatives in the prior year.
salaries and employee benefits and other operating expenses decreased $214 million or 10 percent in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by a litigation reserve release in the third quarter of 2015, associated with the rejected 2013 merchant litigation settlement, and a prior-year restructuring charge.
5   refer to footnote 1 on page 55 for details regarding foreign currency adjusted information.

71
total expenses increased $57 million or 2 percent in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by the reinvestment of a significant portion of the gain from the business travel joint venture transaction in growth initiatives, partially offset by a charge in 2013 to reserve for the previously mentioned merchant litigation settlement.
table 16: gnms selected statistical information as of or for the years ended december 31,            2015                  2014                  2013                         change                change
(millions, except percentages and where indicated)                                                                     2015 vs. 2014         2014 vs. 2013
global worldwide card billed business (billions)            $1,039.7              $1,022.8              $952.4                     2   %                 7   %
total segment assets (billions)                                $23.6                 $18.1               $17.1                    30                     6
segment capital (a)                                           $2,397                $1,970              $1,952                    22                     1
return on average segment capital (b)                           78.4   %              84.0   %            76.8   %
return on average tangible segment capital (b)                  86.2   %              92.9   %            84.9   %
global network services:
card billed business (billions)                               $166.0                $160.7              $144.1                     3                    12
total cards-in-force                                            47.4                  44.0                40.7                     8   %                 8   %
(a)   as of september 30, 2015, and prospectively, certain intercompany balances have been reclassified between operating segments, as a result of systems enhancements.

(b)                                                return on average segment capital is calculated by dividing (i) one-year period segment income ($1.8 billion, $1.7 billion and $1.6 billion for 2015, 2014
and 2013, respectively) by (ii) one-year average segment capital ($2.3 billion, $2.0 billion and $2.1 billion for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively). return on average tangible segment capital, a non-gaap measure, is computed in the same manner as return on average segment capital except the computation excludes from average segment capital average goodwill and other intangibles of $206 million, $189 million and $195 million as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we believe return on average tangible segment capital is a useful measure of the profitability of our business.

corporate & other corporate functions and certain other businesses, including eg and other operations, are included in corporate & other.
corporate & other net expense increased to $1.1 billion in 2015, compared to $929 million and $900 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in net expense was driven by eg charges in the third and fourth quarter of 2015 of $91 million and $419 million, respectively. the third quarter charge of $91 million related to previously capitalized software development costs, while the fourth quarter charge of $419 million reflected a write-down in goodwill ($219 million) and technology and other ($165 million), plus restructuring charges ($35 million). these 2015 charges were partially offset by higher restructuring costs in 2014. refer to note 2 to the “consolidated financial statements” for further details on the fourth quarter eg impairment charges.
results for all periods disclosed also include net interest expense related to maintaining the liquidity pool discussed in “consolidated capital resources and liquidity — liquidity management,” as well as interest expense related to other corporate indebtedness.
72
consolidated capital resources and liquidity our balance sheet management objectives are to maintain:
•   a solid and flexible equity capital profile;

•   a broad, deep and diverse set of funding sources to finance our assets and meet operating requirements; and

•              liquidity programs that enable us to continuously meet expected future financing obligations and business requirements for at least a 12-month period, even in the event we are unable to continue to raise new funds under our traditional funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions.

capital strategy our objective is to retain sufficient levels of capital generated through earnings and other sources to maintain a solid equity capital base and to provide flexibility to support future business growth. we believe capital allocated to growing businesses with a return on risk-adjusted equity in excess of our costs will generate shareholder value.
the level and composition of our consolidated capital position are determined through our internal capital adequacy assessment process, which takes into account our business activities, as well as marketplace conditions and requirements or expectations of credit rating agencies, regulators and shareholders, among others. our consolidated capital position is also influenced by subsidiary capital requirements. as a bank holding company, we are also subject to regulatory requirements administered by the u.s. federal banking agencies. the federal reserve has established specific capital adequacy guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items.
we report our capital ratios using the basel iii capital definitions, inclusive of transition provisions, and the basel iii standardized approach for calculating risk-weighted assets (see section on transitional basel iii). the basel iii standards will be fully phased-in by january 1, 2019 (see section on fully phased-in basel iii).
we also report capital adequacy standards on a parallel basis to regulators under basel requirements for advanced approaches institutions. the parallel period will continue until we receive regulatory approval to exit parallel reporting, at which point we will begin publicly disclosing regulatory risk-based capital ratios using both the standardized and advanced approaches, and will be required to use the lower of the regulatory risk-based capital ratios based on the standardized or advanced approaches to determine whether we are in compliance with minimum capital requirements.
73
the following table presents our regulatory risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios and those of our significant bank subsidiaries, as well as additional ratios widely utilized in the marketplace, as of december 31, 2015.
table 17: regulatory risk-based capital and leverage ratios basel iii          ratios as of standards          december 31,
2015                  2015
(a)
risk-based capital common equity tier 1                                         4.5   %
american express company                                                          12.4   %
american express centurion bank                                                   16.9
american express bank, fsb                                                        13.7
tier 1                                                       6.0
american express company                                                          13.5
american express centurion bank                                                   16.9
american express bank, fsb                                                        13.7
total                                                        8.0
american express company                                                          15.2
american express centurion bank                                                   18.2
american express bank, fsb                                                        15.1
tier 1 leverage                                              4.0
american express company                                                          11.7
american express centurion bank                                                   17.7
american express bank, fsb                                                        13.2
supplementary leverage ratio (b)                             3.0   %
american express company                                                           9.8
american express centurion bank                                                   14.1
american express bank, fsb                                                        10.0
common equity to risk-weighted assets american express company                                                          14.1
tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets (c)
american express company                                                          11.5   %
(a)   transitional basel iii minimum and conservation buffer as defined by the federal reserve for calendar year 2015 for advanced approaches institutions.

(b)   the minimum supplementary leverage ratio (slr) requirement of 3 percent is effective january 1, 2018.

(c)                                                  tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets, a non-gaap measure, is calculated by dividing shareholders’ equity of $20.7 billion as of december 31,
2015, less preferred shares of $1.6 billion and goodwill and other intangibles of $3.5 billion, by risk-weighted assets of $135.2 billion. we believe presenting the ratio of tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets is a useful measure of evaluating the strength of our capital position. tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets ratio is widely used in the marketplace, although it may be calculated differently by different companies.

table 18: regulatory risk-based capital components and risk weighted assets
($ in billions)                                                  december 31,
2015
risk-based capital common equity tier 1                                                    $16.7
tier 1 capital                                                           18.3
tier 2 capital (a)                                                        2.3
total capital                                                            20.6
risk weighted assets                                                    135.2
average total assets to calculate the tier 1 leverage ratio             156.4
total leverage exposure to calculate slr                               $186.6
(a)                                              tier 2 capital is the sum of the allowance for receivable and loan losses (limited to 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets), a portion of the unrealized gains on equity securities, $600 million of subordinated notes issued in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $750 million of subordinated debentures. the $750 million of subordinated debentures do not meet the requirements of tier 2 capital under basel iii, and are being transitioned out of capital (the total amount included in tier 2 capital as of december 31, 2015, was $187 million). hence, the total amount of subordinated debt included in tier 2 capital as of december 31, 2015, was $787
million. the $750 million of subordinated debentures have been fully transitioned out of capital as of january 1, 2016.

74
we seek to maintain capital levels and ratios in excess of the minimum regulatory requirements and finance such capital in a cost efficient manner; failure to maintain minimum capital levels could affect our status as a financial holding company and cause the respective regulatory agencies to take actions that could limit our business operations.
our primary source of equity capital has been the generation of net income. historically, capital generated through net income and other sources, such as the exercise of stock options by employees, has exceeded the annual growth in our capital requirements. to the extent capital has exceeded business, regulatory and rating agency requirements, we have historically returned excess capital to shareholders through our regular common share dividend and share repurchase program.
we maintain certain flexibility to shift capital across our businesses as appropriate. for example, we may infuse additional capital into subsidiaries to maintain capital at targeted levels in consideration of debt ratings and regulatory requirements. these infused amounts can affect the capital profile and liquidity levels at the american express parent company level. we do not currently intend or foresee a need to shift capital from non-u.s. subsidiaries with permanently reinvested earnings to a u.s. parent company.
the following are definitions for our regulatory risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratio, which are calculated as per standard regulatory guidance:
risk-weighted assets — assets are weighted for risk according to a formula used by the federal reserve to conform to capital adequacy guidelines. on- and off-balance sheet items are weighted for risk, with off-balance sheet items converted to balance sheet equivalents, using risk conversion factors, before being allocated a risk-adjusted weight. the off-balance sheet items comprise a minimal part of the overall calculation. risk-weighted assets under basel iii as of december 31, 2015 were $135.2 billion.
common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio — the common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratio is calculated as common equity tier 1 capital, divided by risk-weighted assets. common equity tier 1 is the sum of common shareholders’ equity, adjusted for ineligible goodwill and intangible assets, certain deferred tax assets, as well as certain other comprehensive income items as follows: net unrealized gains/losses on securities and derivatives, and net unrealized pension and other postretirement benefit losses, all net of tax and subject to transition provisions. common equity tier 1 capital as of december 31, 2015 was $16.7 billion.
tier 1 risk-based capital ratio — the tier 1 capital ratio is calculated as tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets. tier 1 capital is the sum of common equity tier 1 capital, our perpetual preferred stock and third-party non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries adjusted for capital to be held by insurance subsidiaries and deferred tax assets from net operating losses not deducted from common equity tier 1 capital. tier 1 capital as of december 31, 2015 was $18.3 billion.
total risk-based capital ratio — the total risk-based capital ratio is calculated as the sum of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital, divided by risk-weighted assets. tier 2 capital is the sum of the allowance for receivable and loan losses (limited to 1.25 percent of risk-weighted assets) a portion of the unrealized gains on equity securities, $600 million of subordinated notes issued in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $750 million of subordinated debentures adjusted for capital to be held by insurance subsidiaries. the $750 million of subordinated debentures do not meet the requirements of tier 2 capital under basel iii, and are being transitioned out of capital (the total amount included in tier 2 capital as of december 31, 2015 was $187 million). hence, the total amount of subordinated debt included in tier 2 capital as of december 31, 2015 was $787 million. tier 2 capital as of december 31, 2015 was $2.3 billion. the $750 million of subordinated debentures have been fully transitioned out of capital as of january 1, 2016. see “fully phased-in basel iii” section.
tier 1 leverage ratio — the tier 1 leverage ratio is calculated by dividing tier 1 capital by our average total consolidated assets for the most recent quarter. average total consolidated assets as of december 31, 2015 were $156.4 billion.
the following is a definition for tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets ratio, which is widely used in the marketplace, although it may be calculated differently by different companies:
common equity and tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets ratios — common equity equals our shareholders’ equity of $20.7 billion as of december 31, 2015, less preferred shares of $1.6 billion. tangible common equity, a non-gaap measure, equals common equity less goodwill and other intangibles of $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2015. we believe presenting the ratio of tangible common equity to risk-weighted assets is a useful measure of evaluating the strength of our capital position.
75
fully phased-in basel iii basel iii, when fully phased-in, will require bank holding companies and their bank subsidiaries to maintain more capital than prior requirements, with a greater emphasis on common equity. the following table presents our estimates for our regulatory risk-based capital ratios and leverage ratios had basel iii been fully phased-in as of december 31, 2015. these ratios are calculated using the standardized approach for determining risk-weighted assets. as noted previously, we are currently taking steps toward basel iii advanced approaches implementation in the united states. we believe the presentation of these ratios is helpful to investors by showing the impact of future regulatory capital standards on our capital and leverage ratios.
table 19: estimated fully phased-in basel iii capital and leverage ratios
($ in billions)                                                                             december 31,
2015
estimated common equity tier 1 ratio under fully phased-in basel iii (a)                            11.8   %
estimated tier 1 capital ratio under fully phased-in basel iii (a)                                  13.0
estimated tier 1 leverage ratio under fully phased-in basel iii (b)                                 11.2
estimated supplementary leverage ratio under fully phased-in basel iii                               9.4   %
estimated risk-weighted assets under fully phased-in basel iii (c)                                $135.0
estimated average total assets to calculate the tier 1 leverage ratio (b)                          156.0
estimated total leverage exposure to calculate slr under fully phased-in basel iii (d)            $186.1
(a)                                                the fully phased-in basel iii common equity tier 1 and tier 1 risk-based capital ratios, non-gaap measures, are calculated as common equity tier 1 or tier 1
capital under fully phased-in basel iii rules, as applicable, divided by risk-weighted assets under fully phased-in basel iii rules. refer to table 20 for a reconciliation of common equity tier 1 and tier 1 capital under fully phased-in basel iii rules to common equity tier 1 and tier 1 capital under transitional basel iii rules.

(b)   the fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 and supplementary leverage ratios, non-gaap measures, are calculated by dividing fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 capital by our average total assets and fully phased-in total leverage exposure for supplementary leverage ratio purposes under fully phased-in basel iii, respectively.

(c)                                  estimated fully phased-in basel iii risk-weighted assets, a non-gaap measure, reflect our basel iii risk-weighted assets, with all transition provisions fully phased in. this includes incremental risk weighting applied to deferred tax assets and significant investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as exposures to past due accounts, equities and sovereigns.

(d)              estimated fully phased-in basel iii leverage exposure, a non-gaap measure, reflects average total consolidated assets with adjustments for tier 1 capital deductions on a fully phased-in basis, off-balance sheet derivatives, undrawn conditionally and unconditionally cancellable commitments and other off-balance sheet liabilities.

the basel capital standards establish minimum requirements for the tier 1 risk-based capital ratios that are 1.5 percent higher than the minimum requirements for common equity tier 1 risk-based capital ratios. this difference between tier 1 capital, which includes common equity and qualifying preferred securities and common equity tier 1 is also present in the minimum capital requirements within comprehensive capital analysis and review (ccar). we issued $750 million of preferred shares in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $850 million in the first quarter of 2015. the preferred shares issuances help to finance a portion of the tier 1 capital requirements in excess of common equity requirements.
our $750 million of subordinated debentures, which prior to 2014, were fully included in tier 2 capital (but not in tier 1 capital), do not meet the requirements of tier 2 capital under basel iii. the phase-out of the subordinated debentures from tier 2 capital began in the first quarter of 2014 and will be fully phased out on january 1, 2016, which affects our total risk-based capital ratio. at our option, the subordinated debentures are redeemable for cash on or after september 1, 2016 at 100 percent of the principal amount plus any accrued but unpaid interest. we currently intend to exercise this redemption option, subject to business and market conditions. as previously mentioned, we issued $600 million of subordinated notes in the fourth quarter of 2014, which qualifies as tier 2 capital under basel rules. our total risk-based capital ratio is expected to remain well in excess of the required minimum.
76
the following table presents a comparison of our common equity tier 1 and tier 1 risk-based capital under transitional basel iii rules to our estimated common equity tier 1 and tier 1 risk-based capital under fully phased-in basel iii rules as of december 31, 2015.
table 20: transitional basel iii versus fully phased-in basel iii
(billions)                                                                                                 cet1           tier 1
risk-based capital under transitional basel iii                                                           $16.7            $18.3
adjustments related to:
aoci                                                                                                       (0.3   )         (0.3   )
transition provisions for intangible assets                                                                (0.5   )         (0.5   )
deferred tax assets                                                                                        (0.1   )         (0.1   )
other                                                                                                       0.1              0.1
estimated common equity tier 1 (cet1) and tier 1 risk-based capital under fully phased-in basel iii       $15.9            $17.5
fully phased-in basel iii risk-weighted assets — the fully phased-in basel iii risk-weighted assets reflect our basel iii risk-weighted assets, with all transition provisions fully phased in. this includes incremental risk weighting applied to deferred tax assets and significant investments in unconsolidated financial institutions, as well as exposures to past due accounts, equities and sovereigns. the fully phased-in basel iii risk-weighted assets as of december 31, 2015 were estimated to be $135.0 billion.
fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 leverage ratio — the fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 leverage ratio is calculated by dividing fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 capital by our average total consolidated assets.
basel iii supplementary leverage ratio — the supplementary leverage ratio under fully phased-in basel iii rules is calculated by dividing fully phased-in basel iii tier 1 capital by our total assets for supplementary leverage capital purposes under basel iii. total assets for supplementary leverage capital purposes reflect total consolidated assets with adjustments for tier 1 capital deductions, off-balance sheet derivatives, undrawn unconditionally cancellable commitments and other off-balance sheet liabilities. total assets for supplementary leverage capital purposes as of december 31, 2015 were estimated to be $186.1 billion.
share repurchases and dividends we return capital to common shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. the share repurchases reduce common shares outstanding and more than offset the issuance of new shares as part of employee compensation plans.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we returned $5.6 billion to our shareholders in the form of common stock dividends ($1.1 billion) and share repurchases ($4.5 billion). we repurchased 58.8 million common shares at an average price of $76.70 in 2015. these dividend and share repurchase amounts represent approximately 105 percent of total capital generated during the year. the amount of capital we generated in 2015 significantly exceeded the capital required to finance organic business growth and acquisitions. the proposed sales of the hfs loan portfolios are expected to, all else remaining constant, increase our capital ratios due to the reduction in risk-weighted assets. this additional capital flexibility may be used to support growth in loans, potential acquisitions, distributions to shareholders, or a combination thereof. beginning in 2016, participating ccar firms are now required to submit their capital plans and stress testing results to the federal reserve on or before april 5 of each year instead of on or before january 5 of each year as previously required. the federal reserve is expected to publish the decisions for all the bank holding companies participating in ccar 2016, including the reasons for any objection to capital plans, by june 30, 2016.
in addition, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we had $750 million of non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares (the “series b preferred shares”) and $850 million of non-cumulative perpetual preferred shares (the “series c preferred shares”) outstanding. dividends declared and paid on series b and series c preferred shares during 2015 were $40 million and $22 million, respectively. for additional information on our preferred shares refer to note 17 “common and preferred shares” and note 22 “earnings per common share (eps); preferred shares” of the “consolidated financial statements.”
77
funding strategy our principal funding objective is to maintain broad and well-diversified funding sources to allow us to meet our maturing obligations, cost-effectively finance current and future asset growth in our global businesses as well as to maintain a strong liquidity profile. the diversity of funding sources by type of instrument, by maturity and by investor base, among other factors, provides additional insulation from the impact of disruptions in any one type of instrument, maturity or investor. the mix of our funding in any period will seek to achieve cost efficiency consistent with both maintaining diversified sources and achieving our liquidity objectives. our funding strategy and activities are integrated into our asset-liability management activities. we have in place a funding policy covering american express company and all of our subsidiaries.
our proprietary card businesses are the primary asset-generating businesses, with significant assets in both domestic and international card member receivable and lending activities. our financing needs are in large part a consequence of our proprietary card-issuing businesses and the maintenance of a liquidity position to support all of our business activities, such as merchant payments. we generally pay merchants for card transactions prior to reimbursement by card members and therefore fund the merchant payments during the period card member loans and receivables are outstanding. we also have additional financing needs associated with general corporate purposes, including acquisition activities.
funding programs and activities we meet our funding needs through a variety of sources, including direct and third-party distributed deposits and debt instruments, such as senior unsecured debentures, asset securitizations, borrowings through secured borrowing facilities and long-term committed bank borrowing facilities in certain non-u.s. regions.
we had the following consolidated debt and customer deposits outstanding as of december 31:
table 21: summary of consolidated debt and customer deposits
(billions)                         2015            2014
short-term borrowings                       $4.8            $3.5
long-term debt                              48.1            58.0
total debt                                  52.9            61.5
customer deposits                           55.0            44.2
total debt and customer deposits          $107.9          $105.7
management does not currently expect to make any significant changes to our funding programs in order to satisfy basel iii’s liquidity coverage ratio (lcr) standard based upon our current understanding of the requirements, which may be subject to change as we receive additional clarification and implementation guidance from regulators relating to the requirements and as the interpretation of requirements evolves over time.
our funding plan for the full year 2016 includes, among other sources, approximately $3 billion to $7 billion of unsecured term debt issuance and up to $3 billion of secured term debt issuance. our funding plans are subject to various risks and uncertainties, such as future business growth, the impact of global economic, political and other events on market capacity, demand for securities offered by us, regulatory changes, ability to securitize and sell receivables, and the performance of receivables previously sold in securitization transactions. many of these risks and uncertainties are beyond our control.
our equity capital and funding strategies are designed, among other things, to maintain appropriate and stable unsecured debt ratings from the major credit rating agencies: moody’s investor services (moody’s), standard & poor’s (s&p), fitch ratings (fitch) and dominion bond rating services (dbrs). such ratings help support our access to cost-effective unsecured funding as part of our overall funding strategy. our asset-backed securitization (abs) activities are rated separately.
78
table 22: unsecured debt ratings credit agency   entity rated                                  short-term     long-term   outlook ratings        ratings dbrs            all rated entities                            r-1 (middle)   a (high)    stable fitch           all rated entities                            f1             a+          stable moody’s         trs and rated operating subsidiaries (a)      prime-1        a2          stable moody’s         american express company                      prime-2        a3          stable s&amp;p         trs and rated operating subsidiaries (a)(b)   a-2            a-          stable s&amp;p         american express company                      a-2            bbb+        stable
(a)   american express travel related services company, inc.

(b)   s&amp;p does not provide a rating for trs short-term debt.

downgrades in the ratings of our unsecured debt or asset securitization program securities could result in higher funding costs, as well as higher fees related to borrowings under our unused lines of credit. declines in credit ratings could also reduce our borrowing capacity in the unsecured debt and asset securitization capital markets. we believe our funding mix, including the proportion of u.s. retail deposits insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation (fdic), should reduce the impact that credit rating downgrades would have on our funding capacity and costs.
short-term funding programs short-term borrowings, such as commercial paper, are defined as any debt with an original maturity of 12 months or less, as well as interest-bearing overdrafts with banks. our short-term funding programs are used primarily to meet working capital needs, such as managing seasonal variations in receivables balances. the amount of short-term borrowings issued in the future will depend on our funding strategy, our needs and market conditions.
we had the following short-term borrowings outstanding as of december 31:
table 23: short-term borrowings outstanding
(billions)                    2015          2014
commercial paper (a)                 $2.1          $0.8
other short-term borrowings           2.7           2.7
total                                $4.8          $3.5
(a)   average commercial paper outstanding was $0.9 billion and $0.2 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively.

refer to note 9 to the “consolidated financial statements” for further description of these borrowings.
deposit programs we offer deposits within our american express centurion bank (centurion bank) and american express bank, fsb (american express bank) subsidiaries (together, the banks). these funds are currently insured up to $250,000 per account holder through the fdic. our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates is dependent on the banks’ capital levels. we, through the american express bank, have a direct retail deposit program, personal savings from american express, to supplement our distribution of deposit products sourced through third-party distribution channels. the direct retail program makes fdic-insured certificates of deposit (cds) and high-yield savings account products available directly to consumers.
79
we held the following deposits as of december 31:
table 24: customer deposits
(billions)                                        2015          2014
u.s. retail deposits:
savings accounts — direct                               $29.0         $26.2
certificates of deposit: (a)
direct                                                    0.3           0.3
third-party (brokered)                                   13.9           7.8
sweep accounts — third-party (brokered)                  10.9           9.0
other retail deposits:
non-u.s. deposits and u.s. non-interest bearing           0.2           0.2
card member credit balances — u.s. and non-u.s.           0.7           0.7
total customer deposits                                 $55.0         $44.2
(a)   the weighted average remaining maturity and weighted average rate at issuance on the total portfolio of u.s. retail cds, issued through direct and third-party programs, were 30.7 months and 1.69 percent, respectively, as of december 31, 2015.

long-term debt programs during 2015, we and our subsidiaries issued unsecured debt and asset-backed securities with maturities ranging from 2 to 5 years. these amounts included approximately $6.6 billion of unsecured debt and $1.0 billion of aaa-rated securitization certificates and notes. during the year, we retained approximately $0.1 billion of subordinated securities, as the pricing for these securities were not attractive compared to our other sources of financing available.
our 2015 debt issuances were as follows:
table 25: debt issuances
(billions)
american express credit corporation:
fixed rate senior notes (weighted-average coupon of 2.26%)                             $4.9
floating rate senior notes (3-month libor plus 80 basis points on average)              1.7
american express credit account master trust: (a)
floating rate senior certificates (1-month libor plus 29 basis points on average)       1.0
total                                                                                  $7.6
(a)   issuances from the american express credit account master trust (the lending trust) do not include $0.1 billion of subordinated securities retained by us during the year.

asset securitization programs we periodically securitize card member receivables and loans arising from our card business, as the securitization market provides us with cost-effective funding. securitization of card member receivables and loans is accomplished through the transfer of those assets to a trust, which in turn issues securities collateralized by the transferred assets to third-party investors. the proceeds from issuance are distributed to us, through our wholly owned subsidiaries, as consideration for the transferred assets.
the receivables and loans being securitized are reported as card member receivables and loans on our consolidated balance sheets, with a portion also included in card member loans and receivables hfs, and the related securities issued to third-party investors are reported as long-term debt.
under the respective terms of the securitization trust agreements, the occurrence of certain triggering events associated with the performance of the assets of each trust could result in payment of trust expenses, establishment of reserve funds, or in a worst-case scenario, early amortization of investor securities. during the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, no such triggering events occurred.
80
liquidity management we incur liquidity risk that arises in the course of offering our products and services. our liquidity objective is to maintain access to a diverse set of on- and off-balance sheet liquidity sources. we seek to maintain liquidity sources, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions, in amounts sufficient to meet our expected future financial obligations and our businesses’ requirements for liquidity for a period of at least twelve months. our liquidity risk policy sets out our objectives and approach to managing liquidity risk.
the liquidity risks that we are exposed to could arise from a wide variety of scenarios. our liquidity management strategy thus includes a number of elements, including, but not limited to:
•   maintaining diversified funding sources (refer to the “funding strategy” section for more details);

•   maintaining unencumbered liquid assets and off-balance sheet liquidity sources;

•   projecting cash inflows and outflows under a variety of economic and market scenarios;

•   establishing clear objectives for liquidity risk management, including compliance with regulatory requirements;

•   incorporating liquidity risk management as appropriate into our capital adequacy framework.

we seek to maintain access to a diverse set of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity sources, including cash and other liquid assets, committed bank credit facilities and abs conduit facilities. through our u.s. bank subsidiaries, we also hold collateral eligible for use at the federal reserve’s discount window.
the amount and type of liquidity resources we maintain can vary over time, based upon the results of stress scenarios required under the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (dodd-frank) and other regulatory measures of liquidity, such as the liquidity coverage ratio (lcr), as well as additional stress scenarios required under our liquidity risk policy. these stress scenarios possess distinct characteristics, varying by cash flow assumptions, time horizon and qualifying liquidity sources, among other factors. scenarios under our liquidity risk policy include market-wide, firm-specific and combined liquidity stresses. the lcr rule prescribes cash flow assumptions over a 30-day period and establishes qualifying criteria for high-quality liquid assets. we consider other factors in determining the amount and type of liquidity we maintain, such as economic and financial market conditions, seasonality in business operations, growth in our businesses, potential acquisitions or dispositions, the cost and availability of alternative liquidity sources and credit rating agency guidelines and requirements.
the investment income we receive on liquidity resources, such as cash, is less than the interest expense on the sources of funding for these balances. the net interest costs on these amounts have been substantial. the level of future net interest costs depends on the amount of liquidity resources we maintain and the difference between our cost of funding these amounts and their investment yields.
securitized borrowing capacity as of december 31, 2015, we maintained our committed, revolving, secured borrowing facility, with a maturity date of july 15, 2018, that gives us the right to sell up to $3.0 billion face amount of eligible aaa notes from the american express issuance trust ii (the charge trust together with the lending trust, the trusts). we also maintained our committed, revolving, secured borrowing facility, with a maturity date of september 15, 2017, that gives us the right to sell up to $2.0 billion face amount of eligible aaa certificates from the lending trust. both facilities are used in the ordinary course of business to fund seasonal working capital needs, as well as to further enhance our contingent funding resources. as of december 31, 2015, $1.0 billion was drawn on the charge trust facility and $0.1 billion was drawn on the lending trust facility, both of which were subsequently repaid on january 15, 2016.
federal reserve discount window as insured depository institutions, the banks may borrow from the federal reserve bank of san francisco, subject to the amount of qualifying collateral that they may pledge. the federal reserve has indicated that both credit and charge card receivables are a form of qualifying collateral for secured borrowings made through the discount window. whether specific assets will be considered qualifying collateral and the amount that may be borrowed against the collateral remain at the discretion of the federal reserve.
we had approximately $50.9 billion as of december 31, 2015 in u.s. credit card loans and charge card receivables that could be sold over time through our securitization trusts or pledged in return for secured borrowings, to provide further liquidity, subject in each case to applicable market conditions and eligibility criteria.
81
committed bank credit facilities in addition to the secured borrowing facilities described earlier in this section, we maintained a committed syndicated bank credit facility as of december 31, 2015 of $3.0 billion, which expires on december 9, 2018. the availability of this credit line is subject to our compliance with certain financial covenants, principally the maintenance by american express credit corporation (credco) of a certain ratio of combined earnings and fixed charges to fixed charges. as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with each of our covenants. as of december 31, 2015, no amounts were drawn on the committed credit facility. the capacity of the facility mainly served to further enhance our contingent funding resources.
our committed bank credit facility does not contain a material adverse change clause, which might otherwise preclude borrowing under the credit facility, nor is it dependent on our credit rating.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flow activity, followed by a discussion of the major drivers impacting operating, investing and financing cash flows.
table 26: cash flows
(billions)                                                               2015                2014                2013
total cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                                             $11.0               $11.0                $8.5
investing activities                                                              (8.2   )            (8.0   )            (7.2   )
financing activities                                                              (2.0   )               —                (3.9   )
effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents            (0.3   )            (0.2   )            (0.2   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                              $0.5                $2.8               $(2.8   )
cash flows from operating activities our cash flows from operating activities primarily include net income adjusted for (i) non-cash items included in net income and (ii) changes in the balances of operating assets and liabilities, which can vary significantly in the normal course of business due to the amount and timing of payments.
for december 31, 2015 and 2014, net cash provided by operating activities remained consistent at $11.0 billion in both periods, driven by net income of $5.2 billion and $5.9 billion, respectively, adjusted for non-cash items including certain changes in provisions for losses, depreciation and amortization, deferred taxes, and stock-based compensation.
cash flows from investing activities our cash flows from investing activities primarily include changes in card member receivables and loans, including card member loans and receivables hfs, as well as changes in our available for sale investment securities portfolio.
for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, net cash used in investing activities was $8.2 billion and $8.0 billion, respectively. both periods primarily reflect an increase in card member receivables and loans, including the hfs portfolios. in 2014, that increase was partially offset by the cash proceeds from the sale of our investment in concur.
cash flows from financing activities our cash flows from financing activities primarily include issuing and repaying debt, changes in customer deposits, issuing and repurchasing our common shares, and paying dividends.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, net cash used in financing activities was $2.0 billion. for the year ended december 31, 2014, net cash provided by financing activities was $11 million. the variance was primarily driven by an increase in debt repayments in the current year versus the prior year, partially offset by a greater increase in customer deposits in the current year versus the prior year.
82
off-balance sheet arrangements and contractual obligations we have identified both on- and off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements, obligations and other relationships that may have a material current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, results of operations, or liquidity and capital resources.
contractual obligations the table below identifies transactions that represent our contractually committed future obligations. purchase obligations include our agreements to purchase goods and services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify significant terms, including: fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.
table 27: committed future obligations by year payments due by year
(a)
(millions)                                2016                         2017-2018              2019-2020                2021 and                  total thereafter long-term debt                                     $6,814                $28,608                $10,262                  $3,176                $48,860
interest payments on long-term debt (b)               864                  1,016                    331                   1,360                  3,571
certificates of deposit                             2,493                  6,810                  4,841                       —                 14,144
other long-term liabilities (c)                       184                     70                     17                      22                    293
operating lease obligations                           165                    278                    187                     863                  1,493
purchase obligations (d)                              397                    165                     61                      30                    653
cobrand obligations (e)                               212                    138                     63                     204                    617
total                                             $11,129                $37,085                $15,762                  $5,655                $69,631
(a)   the table above excludes approximately $0.9 billion of tax liabilities related to the uncertainty in income taxes as inherent complexities and the number of tax years currently open for examination in multiple jurisdictions do not permit reasonable estimates of payments, if any, to be made over a range of years.

(b)   estimated interest payments were calculated using the effective interest rate in place as of december 31, 2015, and includes the effect of existing interest rate swaps. actual cash flows may differ from estimated payments.

(c)                                                  as of december 31, 2015, there were no minimum required contributions, and no contributions are currently planned, for the u.s. american express retirement plan. for the u.s. american express retirement restoration plan and non-u.s. defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans, contributions in 2016 are anticipated to be approximately $44 million, and this amount has been included within other long-term liabilities. remaining obligations under defined benefit pension and postretirement benefit plans aggregating $726 million have not been included in the table above as the timing of such obligations is not determinable. additionally, other long-term liabilities do not include $6.7 billion of membership rewards liabilities, which are not considered long-term liabilities as card members in good standing can redeem points immediately, without restrictions, and because the timing of point redemption is not determinable.

(d)   the purchase obligation amounts represent either the early termination fees or non-cancelable minimum contractual obligations, as applicable, by period under contracts that were in effect as of december 31, 2015.

(e)   represents obligations to make payments under contractual agreements with certain cobrand partners. we expect to fully satisfy these obligations over the remaining term of these agreements as part of the ongoing operations of our business.

in addition to the contractual obligations noted in table 27, we have off-balance sheet arrangements that include guarantees, indemnifications and certain other off-balance sheet arrangements.
guarantees our principal guarantees are associated with card member services to enhance the value of owning an american express card. as of december 31, 2015, we had guarantees totaling approximately $48 billion related to card member protection plans, as well as other guarantees and indemnifications provided in the ordinary course of business. refer to note 16 to the “consolidated financial statements” for further discussion regarding our guarantees.
certain other off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $297 billion of unused credit available to card members as part of established lending product agreements. total unused credit available to card members does not represent potential future cash requirements, as a significant portion of this unused credit will likely not be drawn. our charge card products generally have no pre-set limit, and therefore are not reflected in unused credit available to card members.
to mitigate counterparty credit risk related to derivatives, we accepted non-cash collateral in the form of security interests in u.s. treasury securities from its derivatives counterparties with a fair value of nil and $91 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, none of which was sold or repledged.
refer to notes 7 and 13 to the “consolidated financial statements” for discussion regarding our other off-balance sheet arrangements.
83
risk management governance we use our comprehensive enterprise-wide risk management (erm) program to identify, aggregate, monitor, and manage risks. the program also defines our risk appetite, governance, culture and capabilities. the implementation and execution of the erm program is headed by our chief risk officer.
risk management is overseen by our board of directors through three board committees: the risk committee, the audit and compliance committee, and the compensation and benefits committee. each committee consists entirely of independent directors and provides regular reports to the full board regarding matters reviewed at their committee. the committees meet regularly in private sessions with our chief risk officer, the chief compliance & ethics officer, the general auditor and other senior management with regard to our risk management processes, controls, talent and capabilities. the board monitors the “tone at the top,” our risk culture, and oversees emerging and strategic risks.
the risk committee of our board of directors provides oversight on risk policies, risk appetite and our performance against goals. the risk committee approves our erm policy along with its sub-policies governing individual credit risk, institutional credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and asset/liability risk, as well as policies governing the launch of new products and services, third-party management, and resolution planning. the erm policy defines our risk appetite as well as governance over risk taking and oversight processes. risk appetite defines the authorized risk limits to control exposures well within our risk capacity even under stressed forward-looking scenarios. in addition, it establishes principles for risk taking in the aggregate and for each risk type, and is supported by a comprehensive system for monitoring limits, escalation triggers and assessing control programs.
the risk committee reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of our chief risk officer and receives regular updates from the chief risk officer on key risks, transactions and exposures.
the risk committee reviews our credit risk profile as well as credit risk performance, trends and risk management capabilities.
the risk committee also reviews enterprise-wide operational risk trends, events and capabilities, with an emphasis on compliance, fraud, legal, process or control failures, information security, and privacy, as well as trends in market, funding, liquidity and reputational risks. the risk committee also provides oversight of our compliance with basel capital and liquidity standards and its internal capital adequacy assessment process, including its ccar submissions; and resolution planning.
the audit and compliance committee of our board of directors approves our compliance policies and risk tolerance, and reinforces the importance of our compliance risk management. in addition, the audit and compliance committee reviews the effectiveness of our corporate-wide compliance risk management program. more broadly, this committee is responsible for assisting the board in its oversight responsibilities relating to the integrity of our financial statements and financial reporting process, internal and external auditing, including the qualifications and independence of the independent registered public accounting firm and the performance of our internal audit services function, and the integrity of our systems of internal accounting and financial controls.
the audit and compliance committee provides oversight of our internal audit group. the audit and compliance committee reviews and concurs in the appointment, replacement, performance and compensation of our general auditor and approves internal audit’s annual audit plan, charter, policies and budget. the audit and compliance committee also receives regular updates on the audit plan’s status and results including significant reports issued by internal audit and the status of our corrective actions.
the compensation and benefits committee of our board of directors works with the chief risk officer to ensure our overall compensation programs, as well as those covering our business units and risk-taking employees, appropriately balance risk with business incentives and how business performance is achieved without taking imprudent or excessive risk. our chief risk officer is actively involved in setting goals, including for our business units. our chief risk officer also reviews the current and forward-looking risk profiles of each business unit, and provides input into performance evaluation. the chief risk officer meets with the compensation and benefits committee and attests whether performance goals and results have been achieved without taking imprudent risks. the compensation and benefits committee uses a risk-balanced incentive compensation framework to decide on our bonus pools and the compensation of senior executives.
84
there are several internal management committees, including the enterprise-wide risk management committee (ermc), chaired by our chief risk officer. the ermc is the highest-level management committee to oversee all firm-wide risks. it maintains the enterprise-wide risk appetite framework and monitors compliance with limits and escalations defined in it. the ermc oversees implementation of risk policies companywide with approval by the appropriate board committee. the ermc reviews key risk exposures, trends and concentrations, significant compliance matters, economic capital and basel capital trends, and provides guidance on the steps to monitor, control and report major risks. the ermc is responsible for risk governance, risk oversight and risk appetite for all risks, which include individual credit risk, institutional credit risk, operational risk, compliance risk, reputational risk, market risk, asset liability management (alm) risk, liquidity risk, model risk, and strategic and business risk.
as defined in the erm policy, we follow the “three lines of defense” approach to risk management. the first line of defense comprises functions and management committees directly initiating risk taking. business unit presidents, our chief credit officer, chief operational risk officer, chief market risk officer and functional risk officer are part of the first line of defense.
the second line comprises independent functions overseeing risk taking activities of the first line. the global risk oversight officer and market risk oversight officer, the chief compliance & ethics officer, the corporate comptroller and certain control groups, both at the enterprise level and within regulated entities, are part of the second line of defense. the global risk oversight team oversees the policies, strategies, frameworks, models, processes and capabilities deployed by the first line teams and provides challenges and independent assessments on how the first line of defense is managing risks.
our internal audit group constitutes the third line of defense, and provides independent assessments and effective challenge of the first and second lines of defense.
in addition, the asset liability committee, chaired by our chief financial officer, is responsible for managing market, liquidity, asset/liability risk and capital.
credit risk management process credit risk is defined as loss due to obligor or counterparty default or changes in the credit quality of a security. our credit risks are divided into two broad categories: individual and institutional. each has distinct risk management capabilities, strategies, and tools. business units that create individual or institutional credit risk exposures of significant importance are supported by dedicated risk management teams, each led by a chief credit officer. to preserve independence, chief credit officers for all business units report to our chief credit officer.
individual credit risk individual credit risk arises principally from consumer and small business charge cards, credit cards, lines of credit, and loans. these portfolios consist of millions of customers across multiple geographies, industries and levels of net worth. we benefit from the high-quality profile of our customers, which is driven by our brand, premium customer servicing, product features and risk management capabilities, which span underwriting, customer management and collections. externally, the risk in these portfolios is correlated to broad economic trends, such as unemployment rates and gross domestic product (gdp) growth, which can affect customer liquidity.
the business unit leaders and their chief credit officers take the lead in managing the individual credit risk process. these chief credit officers are guided by the individual credit risk committee, which is responsible for implementation and enforcement of the individual credit risk management policy. this policy is further supported by subordinate policies and operating manuals covering decision logic and processes of credit extension, including prospecting, new account approvals, point-of-sale authorizations, credit line management and collections. the subordinate risk policies and operating manuals are designed to ensure consistent application of risk management principles and standardized reporting of asset quality and loss recognition.
individual credit risk management is supported by sophisticated proprietary scoring and decision-making models that use the most up-to-date information on prospects and customers, such as spending and payment history and data feeds from credit bureaus. additional data, such as commercial variables, are integrated to further mitigate small business risk. we have developed data-driven economic decision logic for customer interactions to better serve our customers.
institutional credit risk institutional credit risk arises principally within our global corporate payments, global merchant services, gns, prepaid services, and foreign exchange services businesses, as well as investment and liquidity management activities. unlike individual credit risk, institutional credit risk is characterized by a lower loss frequency but higher severity. it is affected both by general economic conditions and by client-specific events. the absence of large losses in any given year or over several years is not necessarily representative of the level of risk of institutional portfolios, given the infrequency of loss events in such portfolios.
85
similar to individual credit risk, business units taking institutional credit risks are supported by chief credit officers. these officers are guided by the institutional risk management committee (irmc), which is responsible for implementation and enforcement of the institutional credit risk management policy and for providing guidance to the credit officers of each business unit with substantial institutional credit risk exposures. the committee, along with the business unit chief credit officers, makes investment decisions in core risk capabilities, ensures proper implementation of the underwriting standards and contractual rights of risk mitigation, monitors risk exposures, and determines risk mitigation actions. the irmc formally reviews large institutional risk exposures to ensure compliance with ermc guidelines and procedures and escalates them to the ermc as appropriate. at the same time, the irmc provides guidance to the business unit risk management teams to optimize risk-adjusted returns on capital. a centralized risk rating unit and a specialized airline risk group provide risk assessment of our institutional obligors.
exposure to the airline industry we have multiple important cobrand, rewards, merchant acceptance and corporate payments arrangements with airlines. the erm program evaluates the risks posed by our airline partners and the overall airline strategy companywide through comprehensive business analysis of global airlines. our largest airline partner is delta, and this relationship includes exclusive cobrand credit card partnerships and other arrangements including membership rewards redemption, merchant acceptance, travel and corporate payments. see “risk factors.”
sovereign debt exposure as part of our ongoing risk management process, we monitor our financial exposure to both sovereign and non-sovereign customers and counterparties, and measure and manage concentrations of risk by geographic regions, as well as by economic sectors and industries. a primary focus area for monitoring is credit deterioration due to weaknesses in economic and fiscal profiles. we evaluate countries based on the market assessment of the riskiness of their sovereign debt and our assessment of our economic and financial outlook and closely monitor those deemed high risk. as of december 31, 2015, we considered our gross credit exposures to government entities, financial institutions and corporations in those countries deemed high risk to be individually and collectively not material.
operational risk management process we define operational risk as the risk of not achieving business objectives due to inadequate or failed processes, people, or information systems, or the external environment, including failures to comply with laws and regulations. operational risk is inherent in all business activities and can impact an organization through direct or indirect financial loss, brand damage, customer dissatisfaction, or legal and regulatory penalties.
to appropriately measure and manage operational risk, we have implemented a comprehensive operational risk framework that is defined in the operational risk management policy approved by the risk committee. the operational risk management committee (ormc) coordinates with all control groups on effective risk assessments and controls and oversees the preventive, responsive and mitigation efforts by lead operational risk officers in the business units and staff groups. to preserve independence, the lead operational risk officers for all business units report to our chief operational risk officer, who in turn reports directly to our chief risk officer.
we use the operational risk framework to identify, measure, monitor and report inherent and emerging operational risks. this framework, supervised by the ormc, consists of (a) operational risk event capture, (b) a project office to coordinate issue management and control enhancements, (c) key risk indicators such as customer complaints or pre-implementation test metrics, and (d) process and entity-level risk assessments.
the framework requires the assessment of operational risk events to determine root causes, impact to customers and/or us, and resolution plan accountability to correct any defect, remediate customers, and enhance controls and testing to mitigate future issues. our impact is assessed from an operational, financial, brand, regulatory compliance and legal perspective.
information security, privacy, and data governance we have implemented an information security framework and operating model that is designed to protect information and information systems from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, disruption, modification or destruction.
chaired by the chief information security officer, our information security risk management committee, a sub-committee of the ormc, provides oversight and governance for our information security risk management program. in addition, the committee is responsible for establishing cyber risk tolerances and in managing cyber crisis preparedness. the information security oversight team provides challenges and independent assessment of the information security program.
86
we assess our cyber risk across four categories of “threat actors” that we currently believe pose the greatest risk, namely cyber criminals, nation state sponsored groups, determined insiders and “hacktivists” or social objectors. our information security framework and operating model uses an approach that looks at different phases of security to prepare, prevent, detect, respond and recover from cyber-security attacks.
our privacy framework and operating model follow a similar structure. co-chaired by the u.s. chief privacy officer and the international chief privacy officer, our privacy risk management committee, a sub-committee of the ormc, provides oversight and governance for our privacy program. the committee is responsible for the governance over the collection, notice, use, sharing, transfer, confidentiality and retention of personal data.
our enterprise data governance framework and policy defines governance and data standards for data used in regulatory reporting, risk management as well as other critical systems including big data capabilities.
compliance risk management process we define compliance risk as the risk of legal or reputational harm, fines, monetary penalties and payment of damages or other forms of sanction as a result of non-compliance with applicable laws, regulations, rules or standards of conduct.
we view our ability to effectively mitigate compliance risk as an important aspect of our business model. our global compliance and ethics organization is responsible for establishing and maintaining our corporate-wide compliance risk management program. pursuant to this program, we seek to manage and mitigate compliance risk by assessing, controlling, monitoring, measuring and reporting the regulatory risks to which we are exposed.
we have a comprehensive anti-money laundering program that monitors and reports suspicious activity to the appropriate government authorities. as part of that program, the global risk oversight team provides independent risk assessment of the models and rules used by the anti-money laundering team. in addition, the internal audit group reviews the processes for practices consistent with regulatory guidance.
reputational risk management process we define reputational risk as the risk that negative publicity regarding our products, services, business practices, management, clients and partners, whether perceived or real, could cause a decline in the customer base, costly litigation, or revenue reductions.
we view protecting our reputation as core to our vision of becoming the world’s most respected service brand and fundamental to our long-term success.
our business leaders are responsible for ensuring that reputational risk implications of transactions, business activities and management practices are appropriately considered and relevant subject matter experts are engaged as needed. the ermc and its sub-committees are responsible for reviewing decisions where reputational risk may exist and ensuring that reputational risk considerations are properly reflected.
market risk management process market risk is the risk to earnings or asset and liability values resulting from movements in market prices. our market risk exposures include:
•   interest rate risk due to changes in the relationship between interest rates on our assets (such as loans, receivables and investment securities)
and our interest rates on our liabilities (such as debt and deposits); and

•   foreign exchange risk related to earnings, funding, transactions and investments in currencies other than the u.s. dollar.

our asset-liability management (alm) and market risk policies establish the framework that guides and governs market risk management, including quantitative limits and escalation triggers. these policies are approved by the risk committee of the board of directors.
market risk is managed by the market risk committee. the market risk oversight officer provides an independent risk assessment and oversight over the policies and exposures for market risk and alm activities, as well as ensuring compliance with the volcker rule and other regulatory requirements. market risk management is also guided and governed by policies covering the use of derivative financial instruments, funding, liquidity and investments.
87
our interest rate exposure can vary over time as a result of, among other things, the proportion of our total funding provided by variable-and fixed-rate debt and deposits compared to our card member loans and receivables. interest rate swaps are used from time to time to effectively convert debt issuances to (or from) variable-rate, from (or to) fixed-rate. we do not engage in derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. refer to note 14 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our derivative financial instruments.
we analyze a variety of interest rate scenarios to inform us of the potential impacts from interest rate changes on earnings and the value of assets, liabilities and the economic value of equity. as of december 31, 2015, the detrimental effect on our annual net interest income of a hypothetical, immediate 100 basis point increase in interest rates would be approximately $216 million. to calculate this effect, the projected net interest income over a 12-month time horizon is measured, considering forecasted business growth and future interest rates. the change in projected net interest income from a 100 basis point increase in rates is measured by increasing our forecast of future interest rates by 100 basis points. the timing and loan balances associated with the sales of the hfs loan portfolios are key assumptions in projecting business growth this year. the hfs loan portfolio sales, if and when completed, are expected to reduce our exposure to rising interest rates, all else remaining constant.
we are also subject to market risk from changes in the relationship between the benchmark prime rate that determines the yield on our variable-rate lending receivables and the benchmark libor rate that determines the effective interest cost on a significant portion of our outstanding debt. differences in the rate of change of these two indices, commonly referred to as basis risk, would impact our variable-rate u.s. lending net interest margins because we borrow at rates based on libor but lend to our customers based on the prime rate. the detrimental effect on our net interest income of a hypothetical 10 basis point decrease in the spread between prime and one-month libor over the next 12 months is estimated to be $35 million. we currently have approximately $40 billion of prime-based, variable-rate u.s. lending receivables and $35 billion of libor-indexed debt, including asset securitizations. the hfs loan portfolios sales are expected to reduce our basis risk exposure, all else remaining constant.
foreign exchange exposures arise in four principal ways: 1) card member spending in currencies that are not the billing currency, 2) cross-currency transactions and balances from our funding activities, 3) cross-currency investing activities, such as in the equity of foreign subsidiaries, and 4) revenues generated and expenses incurred in foreign currencies, which impact earnings.
these foreign exchange risks are managed primarily by entering into foreign exchange spot transactions or hedged with foreign exchange forward contracts when the hedge costs are economically justified and in notional amounts designed to offset pre-tax impacts from currency movements in the period in which they occur. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, foreign currency derivative instruments with total notional amounts of approximately $26 billion and $30 billion were outstanding, respectively.
with respect to card member spending and cross-currency transactions, including related foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding, a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar would result in an immaterial impact to projected earnings as of december 31, 2015. with respect to translation exposure of foreign subsidiary equity balances, including related foreign exchange forward contracts outstanding, a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar would result in an immaterial reduction in other comprehensive income and equity as of december 31, 2015. with respect to earnings denominated in foreign currencies, the adverse impact on pretax income of a hypothetical 10 percent strengthening of the u.s. dollar related to anticipated overseas operating results for the next 12 months would be approximately $179 million as of december 31, 2015.
the actual impact of interest rate and foreign exchange rate changes will depend on, among other factors, the timing of rate changes, the extent to which different rates do not move in the same direction or in the same direction to the same degree, changes in the cost, volume and mix of our hedging activities and changes in the volume and mix of our businesses.
funding & liquidity risk management process liquidity risk is defined as our inability to meet our ongoing financial and business obligations as they become due at a reasonable cost.
our board-approved liquidity risk policy establishes the framework that guides and governs liquidity risk management.
liquidity risk is managed by the funding and liquidity committee. in addition, the market risk oversight officer provides independent oversight of liquidity risk management. we manage liquidity risk by maintaining access to a diverse set of cash, readily-marketable securities and contingent sources of liquidity, such that we can continuously meet our business requirements and expected future financing obligations for at least a 12-month period, even in the event we are unable to raise new funds under our regular funding programs during a substantial weakening in economic conditions. we consider the trade-offs between maintaining too much liquidity, which can be costly and limit financial flexibility, and having inadequate liquidity, which may result in financial distress during a liquidity event.
88
liquidity risk is managed at an aggregate consolidated level as well as at certain subsidiaries in order to ensure that sufficient and accessible liquidity resources are maintained. the funding and liquidity committee reviews forecasts of our aggregate and subsidiary cash positions and financing requirements, approves funding plans designed to satisfy those requirements under normal and stressed conditions, establishes guidelines to identify the amount of liquidity resources required and monitors positions and determines any actions to be taken.
model risk management process we define model risk as the risk of adverse consequences, such as financial loss, poor business and strategic decision making, or damage to our reputation, from decisions based on incorrect or misused model outputs and reports.
we manage model risk through a comprehensive model governance framework, including policies and procedures for model development, independent model validation and change management capabilities that seek to minimize erroneous model methodology, outputs and misuse. we also assess model performance on an ongoing basis.
strategic and business risk management process strategic and business risk is the risk related to our inability to achieve our business objectives due to poor strategic decisions, including decisions related to mergers, acquisitions, and divestitures, poor implementation of strategic decisions or declining demand for our products and services.
strategic decisions are reviewed and approved by business leaders and various committees and must be aligned with company policies. we seek to manage strategic and business risks through risk controls embedded in these processes as well as overall risk management oversight over business goals. existing product performance is reviewed periodically by committees and business leaders. mergers, acquisitions and divestitures can only be approved following deal committee due diligence, a comprehensive risk assessment by operational, market, credit and oversight leaders and approval by either the chief risk officer or appropriate risk committees. all new products and material changes in business processes are reviewed and approved by the new products committee and appropriate credit or risk committees.
89
critical accounting estimates refer to note 1 to the “consolidated financial statements” for a summary of our significant accounting policies. certain of our accounting policies requiring significant management assumptions and judgments are as follows:
reserves for card member losses reserves for card member losses represent our best estimate of the probable losses inherent in our outstanding portfolio of card member receivables and loans, as of the balance sheet date. as of december 31, 2015, this estimate does not reflect card member loans and receivables hfs. refer to note 2 to the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information.
in estimating these losses, we use statistical and analytical models that analyze portfolio performance and reflect our judgment regarding the quantitative components of the reserve. the models take into account several factors, including delinquency-based loss migration rates, loss emergence periods and average losses over an appropriate historical period, as well as expected future recoveries. we also consider whether to adjust the quantitative reserve for certain external and internal qualitative factors that may increase or decrease the reserves for losses on card member receivables and loans.
the process of estimating these reserves requires a high degree of judgment. to the extent historical credit experience, updated for any external and internal qualitative factors such as environmental trends, is not indicative of future performance, actual losses could differ significantly from our judgments and expectations, resulting in either higher or lower future provisions for card member losses in any quarter.
as of december 31, 2015, a 10 percent increase in our estimate of losses inherent in the outstanding portfolio of card member receivables and loans evaluated collectively for impairment, would increase reserves for losses with a corresponding change to provisions for losses by approximately $149 million. this sensitivity analysis is provided as a hypothetical scenario to assess the sensitivity of the provisions for losses. it does not represent our expectations for losses in the future, nor does it include how other portfolio factors such as delinquency-based loss migration rates or recoveries, or the amount of outstanding balances, may impact the level of reserves for losses and the corresponding impact on the provisions for losses.
liability for membership rewards expense the membership rewards program is our largest card-based rewards program. card members can earn points for purchases charged on their enrolled card products. certain types of purchases allow card members to also earn bonus points. membership rewards points are redeemable for a broad variety of rewards including travel, entertainment, retail certificates and merchandise. points typically do not expire, and there is no limit on the number of points a card member may earn.
we record a membership rewards liability that represents the estimated cost of points earned that are expected to be redeemed by card members in the future. the membership rewards liability is impacted over time by enrollment levels, attrition, the volume of points earned and redeemed, and the associated redemption costs. we estimate the membership rewards liability by determining the urr and the wac per point, which are applied to the points of current enrollees.
the urr assumption is used to estimate the number of points earned by current enrollees that will ultimately be redeemed in future periods. we use statistical and actuarial models to estimate the urr of points earned to date by current card members based on redemption trends, card product type, enrollment tenure, card spend levels and credit attributes. the wac per point assumption is used to estimate future redemption costs and is primarily based on redemption choices made by card members, reward offerings by partners, and membership rewards program changes. the wac per point is derived from the previous 12 months of redemptions and is adjusted as appropriate for certain changes in redemption costs that are not representative of future cost expectations.
we periodically evaluate our liability estimation process and assumptions based on developments in redemption patterns, cost per point redeemed, partner contract changes and other factors. the process of estimating the membership rewards liability includes a high degree of judgment. actual redemptions and associated redemption costs could differ significantly from our judgment, resulting in either higher or lower membership rewards expense.
changes in the membership rewards urr and wac per point have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the liability through the current period marketing, promotion, rewards and card member services expense by an amount estimated to cover the cost of all points previously earned but not yet redeemed by current enrollees as of the end of the reporting period. as of december 31, 2015, an increase in the estimated urr of current enrollees of 100 basis points would increase the membership rewards liability and corresponding rewards expense by approximately $341 million. similarly, an increase in the wac per point of 1 basis point would increase the membership rewards liability and corresponding rewards expense by approximately $85 million.
90
fair value measurement we hold investment securities and derivative instruments that are carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets. management makes assumptions and judgments when estimating the fair values of these financial instruments.
in accordance with fair value measurement and disclosure guidance, the objective of a fair value measurement is to determine the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date based on the principal or, in the absence of a principal, most advantageous market for the specific asset or liability. the disclosure guidance establishes a three-level hierarchy of inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value. the fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to the measurement of fair value based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1), followed by the measurement of fair value based on pricing models with significant observable inputs (level 2), with the lowest priority given to the measurement of fair value based on pricing models with significant unobservable inputs (level 3). we did not have any level 3 financial instruments measured on a recurring basis during the year ended december 31, 2015.
investment securities our investment securities are mostly composed of fixed-income securities issued by states and municipalities, as well as the u.s. government and agencies.
the fair market values for our investment securities, including investments comprising defined benefit pension plan assets, are obtained primarily from pricing services we engage and for each security, we receive one price from that pricing service. the fair values provided by the pricing services are estimated using pricing models, where the inputs to those models are based on observable market inputs or recent trades of similar securities. the pricing services did not apply any adjustments to the pricing models used as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. in addition, we did not apply any adjustments to prices received from the pricing services. we reaffirm our understanding of the valuation techniques used by our pricing services at least annually. in addition, we corroborate the prices provided by our pricing services for reasonableness by comparing the prices from the respective pricing services to valuations obtained from different pricing sources as well as comparing prices to the sale prices received from sold securities at least quarterly.
in the measurement of fair value for our investment securities, even though the underlying inputs used in the pricing models are directly observable from active markets or recent trades of similar securities in inactive markets, the pricing models do entail a certain amount of subjectivity, and therefore differing judgments in the underlying inputs, or how they are modeled, could result in a different estimate of fair value.
other-than-temporary impairment of investment securities realized losses are recognized when management determines that a decline in the fair value of investment securities is other-than-temporary. such determination requires judgment regarding the amount and timing of recovery. we review and evaluate our investment securities at least quarterly, and more often as market conditions may require, to identify investment securities that have indications of other-than-temporary impairments. we consider several factors when evaluating debt securities for other-than-temporary impairment, including the determination of the extent to which a decline in the fair value of a security is due to increased default risk for the specific issuer, or market interest rate risk. with respect to market interest rate risk, we assess whether we have the intent to sell the investment securities and whether we are more likely than not to be required to sell the investment securities before recovery of any unrealized losses.
in determining whether any of our investment securities are other-than-temporarily impaired, a change in facts and circumstances could lead to a change in management judgment about our view on collectability and credit quality of the issuer, or the impact of market interest rates on the investment securities. any such changes could result in us recognizing an other-than-temporary impairment loss through earnings.
derivative instruments our primary derivative instruments are interest rate swaps and foreign currency forward agreements.
the fair value of our derivative instruments is estimated by using either a third-party valuation service that uses proprietary pricing models, or by internal pricing models, where the inputs to those models are readily observable from actively quoted markets. we reaffirm our understanding of the valuation techniques used by a third-party valuation service at least annually.
to mitigate credit risk arising from our derivative instruments, counterparties are required to be pre-approved and rated as investment grade. in addition, we manage certain counterparty credit risks by exchanging cash and non-cash collateral under executed credit support agreements. the non-cash collateral does not reduce the derivative balance included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets, but effectively reduces risk exposure as it is available in the event of counterparty default. based on the assessment of credit risk of our derivative counterparties, we do not have derivative positions that warrant credit valuation adjustments.
in the measurement of fair value for our derivative instruments, although the underlying inputs used in the pricing models are readily observable from actively quoted markets, the pricing models do entail a certain amount of subjectivity, and therefore differing judgments in the underlying inputs, or how they are modeled, could result in a different estimate of fair value.
91
goodwill recoverability goodwill represents the excess of acquisition cost of an acquired business over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or when events or circumstances arise, such as adverse changes in the business climate, that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the reporting unit below its carrying value. our approach and methodology for conducting our goodwill impairment testing is fundamentally based on the measurement of fair value for our reporting units, which inherently entails the use of significant judgment.
for valuation, we use a combination of the income approach (discounted cash flows) and market approach (market multiples) in estimating the fair value of our reporting units.
when preparing discounted cash flow models under the income approach, we estimate future cash flows using the reporting unit’s internal multi-year forecast, and a terminal value calculated using a growth rate that we believe is appropriate in light of current and expected future economic conditions. to discount these cash flows we use our expected cost of equity, determined using a capital asset pricing model. when using the market method under the market approach, we apply comparable publicly traded companies’ multiples (e.g., earnings, revenues) to our reporting units’ actual results. the judgment in estimating forecasted cash flows, discount rates and market comparables is significant, and imprecision could materially affect the fair value of our reporting units.
refer to note 2 of the “consolidated financial statements” for additional information regarding the eg goodwill impairment in 2015.
we could be exposed to an increased risk of further goodwill impairment if future operating results or macroeconomic conditions differ significantly from management’s current assumptions.
income taxes we are subject to the income tax laws of the united states, its states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. these tax laws are complex, and the manner in which they apply to the taxpayer’s facts is sometimes open to interpretation. in establishing a provision for income tax expense, we must make judgments about the application of inherently complex tax laws.
unrecognized tax benefits we establish a liability for unrecognized tax benefits, which are the differences between a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return and the benefit recognized in the financial statements.
in establishing a liability for an unrecognized tax benefit, assumptions may be made in determining whether, and the extent to which, a tax position should be sustained. a tax position is recognized only when it is more likely than not to be sustained upon examination by the relevant taxing authority, based on its technical merits. the amount of tax benefit recognized is the largest benefit that we believe is more likely than not to be realized on ultimate settlement. as new information becomes available, we evaluate our tax positions and adjust our unrecognized tax benefits, as appropriate.
tax benefits ultimately realized can differ from amounts previously recognized due to uncertainties, with any such differences generally impacting the provision for income tax.
deferred tax asset realization deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities using the enacted tax rates expected to be in effect for the years in which the differences are expected to reverse.
since deferred taxes measure the future tax effects of items recognized in the consolidated financial statements, certain estimates and assumptions are required to determine whether it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the benefit of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. in making this assessment, we analyze and estimate the impact of future taxable income, reversing temporary differences and available tax planning strategies. these assessments are performed quarterly, taking into account any new information.
changes in facts or circumstances can lead to changes in the ultimate realization of deferred tax assets due to uncertainties.
92
other matters recently issued accounting standards refer to the recently issued accounting standards section of note 1 to the “consolidated financial statements.”
glossary of selected terminology adjusted average loans — represents average card member loans on a gross basis, including gross loans classified as held for sale (i.e., not adjusted for any valuation allowance), and excluding the impact of certain non-traditional card member loans and other fees.
adjusted net interest income — represents net interest income attributable to our card member loans and loans hfs, including interest that is deemed uncollectible; excludes the impact of interest expense and interest income not attributable to our card member loans.
asset securitizations — asset securitization involves the transfer and sale of receivables or loans to a special-purpose entity created for the securitization activity, typically a trust. the trust, in turn, issues securities, commonly referred to as asset-backed securities that are secured by the transferred receivables or loans. the trust uses the proceeds from the sale of such securities to pay the purchase price for the underlying receivables or loans. the receivables and loans of our charge trust and lending trust being securitized are reported as assets, and the securities issued by the trusts are reported as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets.
average discount rate — this calculation is generally designed to reflect pricing at merchants accepting general-purpose american express cards. it represents the percentage of billed business (generated from both proprietary and gns card member spending) retained by us from merchants we acquire, or for merchants acquired by a third party on our behalf, net of amounts retained by such third party.
basic cards-in-force — proprietary basic consumer cards-in-force includes basic cards issued to the primary account owner, (i.e., not including additional supplemental cards issued on accounts). proprietary basic small business and corporate cards-in-force includes both basic and supplemental cards issued. non-proprietary basic cards-in-force includes cards that are issued and outstanding under network partnership agreements, except for supplemental cards and retail cobrand card member accounts which have had no out-of-store spending activity during the prior 12-month period.
billed business — includes activities (including cash advances) related to proprietary cards, cards issued under network partnership agreements (non-proprietary billed business), corporate payment services and certain insurance fees charged on proprietary cards. in-store spending activity within retail cobrand portfolios in gns, from which we earn no revenue, is not included in non-proprietary billed business. card billed business is included in the united states or outside the united states based on where the issuer is located.
capital ratios — represents the minimum standards established by the regulatory agencies as a measure to determine whether the regulated entity has sufficient capital to absorb on- and off-balance sheet losses beyond current loss accrual estimates. refer to the capital strategy section under “consolidated capital resources and liquidity” for further related definitions under transitional basel iii and fully phased-in basel iii.
card member — the individual holder of an issued american express-branded charge, credit and certain prepaid cards.
card member loans — represents the outstanding amount due from card members for charges made on their american express credit cards, as well as any interest charges and card-related fees. card member loans also include revolving balances on certain american express charge card products.
card member loans and receivables hfs — beginning as of december 1, 2015, represents card member loans and receivables related to our cobrand partnerships with costco in the united states and jetblue.
card member receivables — represents the outstanding amount due from card members for charges made on their american express charge cards, as well as any card-related fees.
charge cards — represents cards that generally carry no pre-set spending limits and are primarily designed as a method of payment and not as a means of financing purchases. charge card members generally must pay the full amount billed each month. no finance charges are assessed on charge cards. each charge card transaction is authorized based on its likely economics reflecting a card member’s most recent credit information and spend patterns. some charge card accounts have an additional lending-on-charge feature that allows revolving certain balances.
credit cards — represents cards that have a range of revolving payment terms, grace periods, and rate and fee structures.
discount revenue — represents revenue earned from fees generally charged to merchants who have entered into a card acceptance agreement. the discount fee generally is deducted from our payment for card member purchases. discount revenue is reduced by incentive payments made to merchants, payments to third-party card issuing partners, cash-back reward costs and statement credits, corporate incentive payments and other similar items.
93
interest expense — includes interest incurred primarily to fund card member receivables and loans, general corporate purposes and liquidity needs, and is recognized as incurred. interest expense is divided principally into two categories: (i) deposits, which primarily relates to interest expense on deposits taken from customers and institutions, and (ii) debt, which primarily relates to interest expense on our long-term financing and short-term borrowings, (e.g., commercial paper, federal funds purchased, bank overdrafts and other short-term borrowings), as well as the realized impact of derivatives hedging interest rate risk on our long-term debt.
interest income — includes (i) interest on loans, (ii) interest and dividends on investment securities and (iii) interest income on deposits with banks and other.
interest on loans — assessed using the average daily balance method for card member loans and loans hfs. unless the loan is classified as non-accrual, interest is recognized based upon the principal amount outstanding in accordance with the terms of the applicable account agreement until the outstanding balance is paid or written off.
interest and dividends on investment securities — primarily relates to our performing fixed-income securities. interest income is recognized as earned using the effective interest method, which adjusts the yield for security premiums and discounts, fees and other payments, so a constant rate of return is recognized on the outstanding balance of the related investment security throughout its term. amounts are recognized until securities are in default or when it is likely that future interest payments will not be made as scheduled.
interest income on deposits with banks and other — recognized as earned, and primarily relates to the placement of cash in excess of near-term funding requirements in interest-bearing time deposits, overnight sweep accounts, and other interest-bearing demand and call accounts.
liquidity coverage ratio — represents the proposed minimum standards being established by the regulatory agencies as a measure to determine whether the regulated entity has sufficient liquidity to meet liquidity needs in periods of financial and economic stress.
merchant acquisition — represents our process of entering into agreements with merchants to accept american express-branded cards.
net card fees — represents the card membership fees earned during the period. these fees are recognized as revenue over the covered card membership period (typically one year), net of the provision for projected refunds for card membership cancellation and deferred acquisition costs.
net interest yield on card member loans — net interest yield on card member loans is computed by dividing adjusted net interest income by adjusted average loans, computed on an annualized basis. the calculation of net interest yield on card member loans includes interest that is deemed uncollectible. reserves and net write-offs related to uncollectible interest are recorded through provisions for losses, which are not included in the net interest yield calculation.
net loss ratio — represents the ratio of gcs charge card write-offs, consisting of principal (resulting from authorized transactions) and fee components, less recoveries, on card member receivables expressed as a percentage of gross amounts billed to corporate card members.
net write-off rate — principal only — represents the amount of card member loans or uscs and ics card member receivables written off, consisting of principal (resulting from authorized transactions), less recoveries, as a percentage of the average loan balance or uscs and ics average receivables balance during the period.
net write-off rate — principal, interest and fees — includes, in the calculation of the net write-off rate, amounts for interest and fees in addition to principal for card member loans, and fees in addition to principal for uscs and ics card member receivables.
operating expenses — represents salaries and employee benefits, professional services, occupancy and equipment, communications and other expenses.
return on average equity — calculated by dividing one-year period net income by one-year average total shareholders’ equity.
return on average segment capital — calculated by dividing one-year period segment income by one-year average segment capital.
return on average tangible segment capital — computed in the same manner as the return on average segment capital, except the computation of average tangible segment capital excludes from average segment capital, average goodwill and other intangibles.
segment capital — represents the capital allocated to a segment based upon specific business operational needs, risk measures, and regulatory capital requirements.
total cards-in-force — represents the number of cards that are issued and outstanding. non-proprietary cards-in-force includes all cards that are issued and outstanding under network partnership agreements, except for retail cobrand card member accounts which have no out-of-store spending activity during the prior 12-month period.
travel sales — represents the total dollar amount of travel transaction volume for airline, hotel, car rental, and other travel arrangements made for consumers and small businesses. we earn revenue on these transactions by charging a transaction or management fee.
94
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements this report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. the forward-looking statements, which address our expected business and financial performance, among other matters, contain words such as “believe,” “expect,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “aim,” “will,” “may,” “should,” “could,” “would,” “likely,” and similar expressions. readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which they are made. we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements, include, but are not limited to, the following:
•                                                       our ability to grow in the future, which will depend in part on the following: an acceleration of billed business and revenue growth, which could be impacted by, among other things, weakening economic conditions in the u.s. or internationally, a decline in consumer confidence impacting the willingness and ability of card members to sustain spending, a further decline in gas prices, a further strengthening of the u.s. dollar, a greater erosion of the average discount rate than expected and lower spending on new cards acquired than estimated; our success in addressing competitive pressures and implementing strategies and business initiatives, including growing profitable spending through proprietary, cobrand and network products, increasing penetration among corporate, middle market and small business clients, expanding our international footprint, growing loyalty coalitions and increasing merchant acceptance; the timing and impact of any potential sale of the costco u.s. card member loan portfolio; realizing incremental economics associated with the costco u.s. contract extension, which could be impacted by, among other things, card member behavior, including the desire of costco u.s. card members to continue to use their costco u.s. cobrand cards and the availability to those card members of other payment forms; the impact of any potential restructuring charges or other contingencies, including, but not limited to, litigation-related expenses, impairments, the imposition of fines or civil money penalties, an increase in card member reimbursements and changes in reserves; credit performance remaining in line with current expectations; continued growth of card member loans held for investment; the ability to continue to realize benefits from restructuring actions and operating leverage at levels consistent with current expectations; the amount we spend on growth initiatives; changes in interest rates beyond current expectations; the impact of regulation and litigation, which could affect the profitability of our business activities, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, require changes to business practices or alter our relationships with partners, merchants and card members; our tax rate remaining in line with current expectations, which could be impacted by, among other things, our geographic mix of income being weighted more to higher tax jurisdictions than expected and unfavorable tax audits and other unanticipated tax items; the impact of accounting changes and reclassifications; and our ability to continue executing the share repurchase program;

•                                                         our ability to reduce our overall cost base by $1 billion by the end of 2017, which will depend in part on the timing and financial impact of future reengineering plans (including whether we will recognize restructuring charges in future periods), which could be impacted by factors such as our inability to mitigate the operational and other risks posed by potential staff reductions, our inability to develop and implement technology resources to realize cost savings, underestimating hiring needs related to some of the job positions being eliminated and other employee needs not currently anticipated, lower than expected attrition rates and higher than expected redeployment rates; our ability to reduce annual operating expenses, which could be impacted by, among other things, the factors identified below; and our ability to optimize and lower marketing and promotion expenses, which could be impacted by higher advertising and mailing costs, competitive pressures that may require additional expenditures or limit our ability to reduce costs, contractual obligations with business partners, the availability of opportunities to invest at a higher level due to favorable business results and changes in macroeconomic conditions;

•                                                        the ability to reduce annual operating expenses, which could be impacted by increases in significant categories of operating expenses, such as consulting or professional fees, including as a result of increased litigation, compliance or regulatory-related costs, technology costs or fraud costs; our ability to develop, implement and achieve substantial benefits from reengineering plans;
higher than expected employee levels; the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on costs; the payment of civil money penalties, disgorgement, restitution, non-income tax assessments and litigation-related settlements; impairments of goodwill or other assets; management’s decision to increase or decrease spending in such areas as technology, business and product development and sales forces depending on overall business performance; greater than expected inflation or merit increases; our ability to balance expense control and investments in the business; the impact of accounting changes and reclassifications; and the level of acquisition activity and related expenses;

•                          our lending write-off rates increasing more quickly than current expectations and provision expense being higher than current expectations, which will depend in part on changes in the level of loan balances, delinquency rates of card members, unemployment rates, the volume of bankruptcies and recoveries of previously written-off loans;

95
•                                                       our ability to execute against our lending strategy and grow card member loans held for investment, including by targeting new lending prospects and deepening relationships with current customers, which may be affected by increasing competition, brand perceptions and reputation, our ability to manage risk in a growing card member loan portfolio, and the behavior of card members and their actual spending and borrowing patterns, which in turn may be driven by our ability to issue new and enhanced card products, offer attractive services and rewards programs, attract new card members, reduce card member attrition and capture a greater share of existing card members’ spending and borrowing;

•                                                       uncertainties associated with the timing and impact of any potential sale of the costco u.s. card member loan portfolio and the extension of the merchant acceptance agreement, such as the negotiation and execution of definitive documentation, operational issues related to the transfer of card member loans and accounts, the parties’ ability to satisfy the closing conditions and the amount of any gain we recognize as a result of a sale, which could be impacted by the credit quality and performance of the portfolio, the amount of any volume decline experienced by the cobrand portfolio and the timing of the potential sale as the gain will be determined by the amount of the aggregate outstanding loans transferred at closing;

•                                                   the erosion of the average discount rate by a greater amount than anticipated during 2016 and beyond, including as a result of changes in the mix of spending by location and industry, merchant incentives and concessions, volume-related pricing discounts, strategic investments, certain pricing initiatives, competition, pricing regulation (including regulation of competitors’ interchange rates) and other factors;

•                                                     the possibility that we will not fully execute on our plans for optblue to significantly increase merchant coverage, which will depend in part on the success of optblue merchant acquirers in signing merchants to accept american express, which could be impacted by the pricing set by the merchant acquirers, the value proposition offered to small merchants and the efforts of optblue merchant acquirers to sign merchants for american express acceptance, as well as the willingness of card members to use american express cards at small merchants and of those merchants to accept american express cards;

•                     uncertainty relating to the ultimate outcome of the antitrust lawsuit filed against us by the u.s. department of justice and certain state attorneys general, including the success or failure of our appeal and the impact on existing private merchant cases and potentially additional litigation and/or arbitrations;

•                                                       changes affecting our ability or desire to return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, including the opportunity for incremental capital returns related to the costco u.s. portfolio sale, which will depend on factors such as approval of our capital plans by our primary regulators, the amount we spend on acquisitions and results of operations and capital needs in any given period;

•                                                          our funding plan for the full year 2016 being implemented in a manner inconsistent with current expectations, which will depend on various factors such as future business growth, the impact of global economic, political and other events on market capacity, demand for securities we offer, regulatory changes, ability to securitize and sell receivables and the performance of receivables previously sold in securitization transactions;

•                                                           our ability to drive growth by developing and marketing value propositions that appeal to card members and new customers and by offering attractive services and rewards programs, which will depend in part on ongoing investment in product innovation, marketing and promotion and acquisition efforts, including through digital channels; our ability to update our systems and platforms to support new products, services and benefits; competition; and brand perceptions and reputation;

•                            changes in global economic and business conditions, including consumer and business spending, the availability and cost of credit, unemployment and political conditions, all of which may significantly affect spending on american express cards, delinquency rates, loan balances and other aspects of our business and results of operations;

•                                                      changes in capital and credit market conditions, including sovereign creditworthiness, which may significantly affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs, expectations regarding capital and liquidity ratios, access to capital and cost of capital, including changes in interest rates; changes in market conditions affecting the valuation of our assets; or any reduction in our credit ratings or those of our subsidiaries, which could materially increase the cost and other terms of our funding, restrict our access to the capital markets or result in contingent payments under contracts;

96
•                                                   legal and regulatory developments wherever we do business, including legislative and regulatory changes in the united states, such as the actions of the cfpb and dodd-frank’s stricter regulation of large, interconnected financial institutions, which could make fundamental changes to many of our business practices or materially affect our capital or liquidity requirements, results of operations, or ability to pay dividends or repurchase our stock; actions and potential future actions by the fdic and credit rating agencies applicable to securitization trusts, which could impact our abs program; or potential changes to the taxation of our businesses, the allowance of deductions for significant expenses, or the incidence of consumption taxes on our transactions, products and services;

•       changes in the substantial and increasing worldwide competition in the payments industry, including competitive pressure that may impact the prices we charge merchants that accept our cards, competition for cobrand partnerships and the success of marketing, promotion or rewards programs;

•                                                          changes in the financial condition and creditworthiness of our business partners, such as bankruptcies, restructurings or consolidations, involving merchants that represent a significant portion of our business, such as the airline industry, or our partners in gns or financial institutions that we rely on for routine funding and liquidity, which could materially affect our financial condition or results of operations;

•                                            our ability to maintain and expand our presence in the digital payments space, including online and mobile channels, which will depend on our success in evolving our business models and processes for the digital environment, building partnerships and executing programs with companies, and utilizing digital capabilities that can be leveraged for future growth; and

•                                                        factors beyond our control such as foreign currency rates, fire, power loss, disruptions in telecommunications, severe weather conditions, natural disasters, health pandemics, terrorism, cyber attacks or fraud, which could significantly affect spending on american express cards, delinquency rates, loan balances and travel-related spending or disrupt our global network systems and ability to process transactions.

a further description of these uncertainties and other risks can be found in “risk factors” above and our other reports filed with the securities and exchange commission.
97
