item 1a. risk factors risks associated with our business, an investment in our securities, and with achieving the forward-looking statements contained in this report or in our news releases, websites, public filings, investor and analyst conferences or elsewhere, include, but are not limited to, the risk factors described below. any of the risk factors described below could cause our actual results to differ materially from expectations and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or operating results. we may not succeed in addressing these challenges and risks.
the industry in which we operate is dependent upon the residential homebuilding industry, as well as the u.s. economy, the credit markets and other important factors.
the building products industry is highly dependent on new home and multifamily construction, which in turn are dependent upon a number of factors, including interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, housing inventory levels and occupancy, housing demand and the health of the u.s. economy and mortgage markets. unfavorable changes in demographics, credit markets, consumer confidence, housing affordability, or housing inventory levels and occupancy, or a weakening of the u.s. economy or of any regional or local economy in which we operate could adversely affect consumer spending, result in decreased demand for our products, and adversely affect our business. production of new homes and multifamily buildings may also decline because of shortages of qualified tradesmen, reliance on inadequately capitalized builders and sub-contractors, and shortages of suitable building lots and material. the homebuilding industry is currently experiencing a shortage of qualified, trained labor in many areas, including those served by us. in addition, the building industry is subject to various local, state, and federal statutes, ordinances, rules and regulations concerning zoning, building design and safety, construction, energy and water conservation and similar matters, including regulations that impose restrictive zoning and density requirements in order to limit the number of homes that can be built within the boundaries of a particular area or in order to maintain certain areas as primarily or exclusively residential. regulatory restrictions may increase our operating expenses and limit the availability of suitable building lots for our customers, which could negatively affect our sales and earnings. because we have substantial fixed costs, relatively modest declines in our customers' production levels could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
the homebuilding industry underwent a significant downturn that began in mid-2006 and began to stabilize in late 2011. u.s. homebuilding activity increased in 2014 and 2015 to approximately 647,800 and 714,700 single-family starts, respectively, although it remains well below the historical average (from 1959 through 2015) of 1.0 million single-family starts per year. according to the u.s. census bureau, actual u.s. single family housing starts in the u.s. during 2015 were 51.2% lower than in 2006. we believe that the slow recovery of the housing market is due to a variety of factors including: a severe economic recession, followed by a gradual economic recovery; limited credit availability; shortages of suitable building lots in many regions; shortages of experienced labor; a substantial reduction in speculative home investment; and soft housing demand. the downturn in the homebuilding industry resulted in a substantial reduction in demand for our products and services.
in addition, beginning in 2007, the mortgage markets experienced substantial disruption due to increased defaults, primarily as a result of credit quality deterioration. the disruption resulted in a stricter regulatory environment and reduced availability of mortgages for potential homebuyers due to a tight credit market and stricter standards to qualify for mortgages. mortgage financing and commercial credit for smaller homebuilders continue to be constrained, which is slowing a recovery in our industry. since the housing industry is dependent upon the economy as well as potential homebuyers' access to mortgage financing and homebuilders' access to commercial credit, it is likely that the housing industry will not fully recover until conditions in the economy and the credit markets further improve.
if the housing market declines, we may be required to take impairment charges relating to our operations or temporarily idle or permanently close under-performing locations.
we recorded no goodwill impairment charges in 2015 or 2014.  in continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2015 we recorded impairment charges on held-for-use assets of $1.4 million related to customer relationship intangibles associated with a location closure. we recorded no significant asset impairment charges in continuing operations in 2014. if conditions in the housing industry deteriorate we may need to take goodwill and/or asset impairment charges relating to certain of our reporting units. any such non-cash charges would have an adverse effect on our financial results. in addition, in response to industry conditions, we may have to temporarily idle or permanently close certain facilities in under-performing regions. any such facility closures could have a significant adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
our level of indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, and prevent us from meeting our obligations under our debt instruments.
as of december 31, 2015, our debt totaled $1,997.7 million, including $289.1 million of lease finance obligations and capital lease obligations. we also have an $800 million senior secured revolving credit facility ("2015 facility"). as of december 31, 2015,
12
we had $60.0 million in borrowings, as well as $79.1 million of letters of credit outstanding under the 2015 facility.  in addition, we have significant obligations under ongoing operating leases that are not reflected on our balance sheet.
our substantial debt could have important consequences to us, including:
·   increasing our vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;

·   requiring a substantial portion of our operating cash flow to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our liquidity and our ability to use our cash flow to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and future business opportunities;

·   exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates, and corresponding increased interest expense, because borrowings under the 2015 facility and the $600.0 million term loan credit agreement ("2015 term loan") are at variable rates of interest;

·   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; and

·   limiting our ability to adjust to changing marketplace conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who may have less debt.

in addition, some of our debt instruments, including those governing the 2015 facility, the 2015 term loan, the 7.625% senior secured notes due 2021 ("2021 notes") and the 10.75% senior unsecured notes due 2023 ("2023 notes"), contain cross-default provisions that could result in our debt being declared immediately due and payable under a number of debt instruments, even if we default on only one debt instrument. in such event, it is unlikely that we would be able to satisfy our obligations under all of such accelerated indebtedness simultaneously.
our financial condition and operating performance and that of our subsidiaries are also subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business and other factors beyond our control. there are no assurances that we will maintain a level of liquidity sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, premium and interest on our indebtedness.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. in the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations in an effort to meet our debt service and other obligations. the agreements governing the 2015 facility and the 2015 term loan and the indentures governing our 2021 notes and our 2023 notes restrict our ability to dispose of assets and to use the proceeds from such dispositions. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions or be able to obtain the proceeds that we could realize from them, and these proceeds may not be adequate to meet any debt service obligations then due.
we may have future capital needs and may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms.
we are substantially reliant on cash on hand and borrowing availability under the 2015 facility, which totaled $683.8 million at december 31, 2015, to provide working capital and fund our operations. our working capital requirements are likely to grow assuming the housing industry improves. our inability to renew, amend or replace the 2015 facility, the 2015 term loan, the 2021 notes or the 2023 notes when required or when business conditions warrant could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
economic and credit market conditions, the performance of our industry, and our financial performance, as well as other factors, may constrain our financing abilities. our ability to secure additional financing, if available, and to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time will depend upon our future operating performance, the availability of credit, economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. any worsening of current housing market conditions or the macroeconomic factors that affect our industry could require us to seek additional capital and have a material adverse effect on our ability to secure such capital on favorable terms, if at all.
we may be unable to secure additional financing or financing on favorable terms or our operating cash flow may be insufficient to satisfy our financial obligations under indebtedness outstanding from time to time, including the 2021 notes, the 2023 notes, the 2015 facility and the 2015 term loan. the agreements governing the 2015 facility and the 2015 term loan and the indentures governing the 2021 notes and the 2023 notes, moreover, restrict the amount of permitted indebtedness allowed. in addition, if financing is not available when needed, or is available on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to take advantage of business opportunities, including potential acquisitions, or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. if additional funds are raised through the issuance of additional equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders may experience significant dilution.
13
we may incur additional indebtedness.
we may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including collateralized debt, subject to the restrictions contained in the agreements governing the 2015 facility and the 2015 term loan and the indentures governing the 2021 notes and the 2023 notes. if new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face could intensify.
our debt instruments contain various covenants that limit our ability to operate our business.
our financing arrangements, including the agreements governing the 2015 facility and the 2015 term loan and the indentures governing the 2021 notes and the 2023 notes, contain various provisions that limit our ability to, among other things:
·   transfer or sell assets, including the equity interests of our restricted subsidiaries, or use asset sale proceeds;

·   incur additional debt;

·   pay dividends or distributions on our capital stock or repurchase our capital stock;

·   make certain restricted payments or investments;

·   create liens to secure debt;

·   enter into transactions with affiliates;

·   merge or consolidate with another company or continue to receive the benefits of these financing arrangements under a "change in control" scenario (as defined in those agreements); and

·   engage in unrelated business activities.

the agreement governing the 2015 facility contains a financial covenant requiring the satisfaction of a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of 1.00 to 1.00 if our excess availability falls below the greater of $80 million or 10% of the maximum borrowing amount. as of december 31, 2015, our excess availability was $618.7 million. we do not anticipate excess availability falling below $80 million in 2016.
these provisions may restrict our ability to expand or fully pursue our business strategies. our ability to comply with the agreements governing the 2015 facility and the 2015 term loan and the indentures governing the 2021 notes and the 2023 notes may be affected by changes in our operating and financial performance, changes in general business and economic conditions, adverse regulatory developments, a change in control or other events beyond our control. the breach of any of these provisions, including those contained in the 2015 facility and the 2015 term loan and the indentures governing the 2021 notes and the 2023 notes, could result in a default under our indebtedness, which could cause those and other obligations to become due and payable. if any of our indebtedness is accelerated, we may not be able to repay it.
we occupy most of our respective facilities under long-term non-cancelable leases. we may be unable to renew leases at the end of their terms. if we close a facility, we are still obligated under the applicable lease.
most of our facilities are leased. many of our leases are non-cancelable, typically have initial expiration terms ranging from five to 15 years and most provide options to renew for specified periods of time. we believe that leases we enter into in the future will likely be of the same terms (five to 15 years), will be non-cancelable and will feature similar renewal options. if we close or idle a facility we would remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, payment of the base rent, insurance, taxes and other expenses on the leased property for the balance of the lease term. management may explore offsets to remaining obligations such as subleasing opportunities or negotiated lease terminations. during the period from 2007 through 2015, we closed or idled a number of facilities for which we continue to remain liable. our obligation to continue making rental payments with respect to leases for closed or idled facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. at the end of a lease term and any renewal period for a leased facility, for those locations where we have no renewal options remaining, we may be unable to renew the lease without additional cost, if at all. if we are unable to renew our facility leases, we may close or, if possible, relocate the facility, which could subject us to additional costs and risks which could have a material adverse effect on our business. additionally, the revenue and profit generated at a relocated facility may not equal the revenue and profit generated at the existing operation.
we are a holding company and conduct all of our operations through our subsidiaries.
we are a holding company that derives all of our operating income from our subsidiaries. all of our assets are held by our direct and indirect subsidiaries. we rely on the earnings and cash flows of our subsidiaries, which are paid to us by our subsidiaries in the form of dividends and other payments or distributions, to meet our debt service obligations. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay
14
dividends or make other payments or distributions to us will depend on their respective operating results and may be restricted by, among other things, the laws of their jurisdiction of organization (which may limit the amount of funds available for the payment of dividends and other distributions to us), the terms of existing and future indebtedness and other agreements of our subsidiaries, the 2015 facility, the 2015 term loan, the terms of the indentures governing the 2021 notes and the 2023 notes and the covenants of any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur.
the building supply industry is cyclical and seasonal.
the building products supply industry is subject to cyclical market pressures. prices of building products are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and international economic conditions, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulation, and trade policies, as well as from periodic delays in the delivery of lumber and other products. for example, prices of wood products, including lumber and panel products, are subject to significant volatility and directly affect our sales and earnings. in particular, low prices for wood products over a sustained period can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows, as can excessive spikes in prices. for the year ended december 31, 2015, average prices for lumber and lumber sheet goods were 11.1% lower than the prior year. our lumber and lumber sheet goods product category represented 32.3% of total sales for the year ended december 31, 2015. we have limited ability to manage the timing and amount of pricing changes for building products. in addition, the supply of building products fluctuates based on available manufacturing capacity. a shortage of capacity or excess capacity in the industry can result in significant increases or declines in prices for those products, often within a short period of time. such price fluctuations can adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
in addition, although weather patterns affect our operating results throughout the year, adverse weather historically has reduced construction activity in the first and fourth quarters in the regions where we operate. to the extent that hurricanes, severe storms, floods, other natural disasters or similar events occur in the regions in which we operate, our business may be adversely affected. we anticipate that fluctuations from period to period will continue in the future.
the loss of any of our significant customers or a reduction in the quantity of products they purchase could affect our financial health.
following the probuild acquisition, our ten largest customers generated approximately 17.0% of our sales for the year ended december 31, 2015. we cannot guarantee that we will maintain or improve the relationships with these customers or that we will supply these customers at historical levels. due to the weak housing market over the past several years, many of our homebuilder customers substantially reduced their construction activity. some homebuilder customers exited or severely curtailed building activity in certain of our regions.
in addition, production homebuilders, commercial builders and other customers may: (1) seek to purchase some of the products that we currently sell directly from manufacturers, (2) elect to establish their own building products manufacturing and distribution facilities or (3) give advantages to manufacturing or distribution intermediaries in which they have an economic stake. continued consolidation among production homebuilders could also result in a loss of some of our present customers to our competitors. the loss of one or more of our significant customers or deterioration in our relations with any of them could significantly affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. furthermore, our customers are not required to purchase any minimum amount of products from us. the contracts into which we have entered with most of our professional customers typically provide that we supply particular products or services for a certain period of time when and if ordered by the customer. should our customers purchase our products in significantly lower quantities than they have in the past, such decreased purchases could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
our industry is highly fragmented and competitive, and increased competitive pressure may adversely affect our results.
the building products supply industry is highly fragmented and competitive. we face, and will continue to face, significant competition from local and regional building materials chains, as well as from privately-owned single site enterprises. any of these competitors may (1) foresee the course of market development more accurately than we do, (2) develop products that are superior to our products, (3) have the ability to produce or supply similar products at a lower cost, (4) develop stronger relationships with local homebuilders or commercial builders, (5) adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements than we do, or (6) have access to financing on more favorable terms that we can obtain in the market. as a result, we may not be able to compete successfully with them. in addition, home center retailers, which have historically concentrated their sales efforts on retail consumers and small contractors, have intensified their marketing efforts to professional homebuilders in recent years and may continue to intensify these efforts in the future. furthermore, certain product manufacturers sell and distribute their products directly to production homebuilders or commercial builders. the volume of such direct sales could increase in the future. additionally, manufacturers of products distributed by us may elect to sell and distribute directly to homebuilders or commercial builders in the future or enter into exclusive supplier arrangements with other distributors. consolidation of production homebuilders or commercial builders may result
15
in increased competition for their business. finally, we may not be able to maintain our operating costs or product prices at a level sufficiently low for us to compete effectively. if we are unable to compete effectively, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected.
we are subject to competitive pricing pressure from our customers.
production homebuilders and commercial builders historically have exerted and will continue to exert significant pressure on their outside suppliers to keep prices low because of their market share and their ability to leverage such market share in the highly fragmented building products supply industry. the housing industry downturn and its aftermath have resulted in significantly increased pricing pressures from production homebuilders and other customers. over the past few years, these pricing pressures have adversely affected our operating results and cash flows. in addition, continued consolidation among production homebuilders or commercial builders, and changes in production homebuilders' or commercial builders' purchasing policies or payment practices, could result in additional pricing pressure, and our financial condition, operating results and cash flows may be adversely affected.
the ownership position of affiliates of jll partners, inc. and warburg pincus llc limits other stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters.
affiliates of jll partners, inc. and warburg pincus llc ("warburg") together owned approximately 34.3% of our outstanding common stock as of december 31, 2015. four of our ten directors hold positions with affiliates of either jll partners, inc.  or warburg. accordingly, jll partners, inc. and warburg have significant influence over our management and affairs and over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and significant corporate transactions, such as a merger or other sale of our company or its assets. this concentrated ownership position limits other stockholders' ability to influence corporate matters and, as a result, we may take actions that some of our stockholders do not view as beneficial. additionally, jll partners, inc. and warburg are in the business of making investments in companies and may, from time to time, acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. these entities may also pursue, for their own accounts, acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business, and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. further, certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws may limit your ability to influence corporate matters, and, as a result, we may take actions that some of our stockholders do not view as beneficial.
our continued success will depend on our ability to retain our key employees and to attract and retain new qualified employees.
our success depends in part on our ability to attract, hire, train and retain qualified managerial, operational, sales and other personnel. we face significant competition for these types of employees in our industry and from other industries. we may be unsuccessful in attracting and retaining the personnel we require to conduct and expand our operations successfully. in addition, key personnel may leave us and compete against us. our success also depends to a significant extent on the continued service of our senior management team. we may be unsuccessful in replacing key managers who either resign or retire. the loss of any member of our senior management team or other experienced senior employees could impair our ability to execute our business plan, cause us to lose customers and reduce our net sales, or lead to employee morale problems and/or the loss of other key employees. in any such event, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be adversely affected.
the nature of our business exposes us to product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle and other claims and legal proceedings.
we are involved in product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle and other claims relating to the products we manufacture and distribute, and services we provide that, if adversely determined, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. we rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with many of the products we sell and distribute. because we have no direct control over the quality of such products manufactured or supplied by such third-party suppliers, we are exposed to risks relating to the quality of such products. we are also involved in several asbestos personal injury suits due to the alleged sale of asbestos-containing products by legacy businesses that we acquired.  in addition, we are exposed to potential claims arising from the conduct of our respective employees and subcontractors, and builders and their subcontractors, for which we may be contractually liable. although we currently maintain what we believe to be suitable and adequate insurance in excess of our self-insured amounts, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain such insurance on acceptable terms or that such insurance will provide adequate protection against potential liabilities. product liability, product warranty, casualty, construction defect, asbestos, vehicle, and other claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods, regardless of the ultimate outcome. claims of this nature could also have a negative impact on customer confidence in our products and our company. in addition, we are involved on an ongoing basis in other types of legal proceedings. we cannot assure you that any current or future claims against us will not adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
16
product shortages, loss of key suppliers, and our dependence on third-party suppliers and manufacturers could affect our financial health.
our ability to offer a wide variety of products to our customers is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate product supply from manufacturers and other suppliers. generally, our products are obtainable from various sources and in sufficient quantities. however, the loss of, or a substantial decrease in the availability of, products from our suppliers or the loss of key supplier arrangements could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows.
although in many instances we have agreements with our suppliers, these agreements are generally terminable by either party on limited notice. failure by our suppliers to continue to supply us with products on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, could put pressure on our operating margins or have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. short-term changes in the cost of these materials, some of which are subject to significant fluctuations, are sometimes, but not always passed on to our customers. our delayed ability to pass on material price increases to our customers could adversely impact our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
a range of factors may make our quarterly revenues and earnings variable.
we have historically experienced, and in the future will continue to experience, variability in revenues and earnings on a quarterly basis. the factors expected to contribute to this variability include, among others: (1) the volatility of prices of lumber, wood products and other building products, (2) the cyclical nature of the homebuilding industry, (3) general economic conditions in the various areas that we serve, (4) the intense competition in the industry, including expansion and growth strategies by competitors, (5) the production schedules of our customers, and (6) the effects of the weather. these factors, among others, make it difficult to project our operating results on a consistent basis, which may affect the price of our stock.
we may be adversely affected by any disruption in our respective information technology systems.
our operations are dependent upon our information technology systems, which encompass all of our major business functions. our probuild subsidiary currently maintains multiple enterprise resource planning ("erp") systems to manage its operations. we plan to integrate probuild's systems with ours over time and have commenced that process.  we may encounter significant operational disruptions and higher than expected costs in connection with such integration process, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. our primary erp system is a proprietary system that has been highly customized by our computer programmers. our centralized financial reporting system currently draws data from our erp systems. we rely upon our information technology systems to manage and replenish inventory, to fill and ship customer orders on a timely basis, and to coordinate our sales activities across all of our products and services. a substantial disruption in our information technology systems for any prolonged time period (arising from, for example, system capacity limits from unexpected increases in our volume of business, outages, or delays in our service) could result in delays in receiving inventory and supplies or filling customer orders and adversely affect our customer service and relationships. our systems might be damaged or interrupted by natural or man-made events or by computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins, or similar disruptions affecting the global internet. there can be no assurance that such delays, problems, or associated costs will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we may be adversely affected by any natural or man-made disruptions to our distribution and manufacturing facilities.
we currently maintain a broad network of distribution and manufacturing facilities throughout the u.s. any widespread disruption to our facilities resulting from fire, earthquake, weather-related events, an act of terrorism or any other cause could damage a significant portion of our inventory and could materially impair our ability to distribute our products to customers. moreover, we could incur significantly higher costs and longer lead times associated with distributing our products to our customers during the time that it takes for us to reopen or replace a damaged facility. in addition, any shortages of fuel or significant fuel cost increases could disrupt our ability to distribute products to our customers. if any of these events were to occur, our financial condition, operating results and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
we may be unable to successfully implement our growth strategy, which includes increasing sales of our prefabricated components and other value-added products, pursuing strategic acquisitions, opening new facilities and delevering.
our long-term strategy depends in part on growing our sales of prefabricated components and other value-added products and increasing our market share. if any of these initiatives are not successful, or require extensive investment, our growth may be limited, and we may be unable to achieve or maintain expected levels of growth and profitability.
17
our long-term business plan also provides for continued growth through strategic acquisitions and organic growth through the construction of new facilities or the expansion of existing facilities. failure to identify and acquire suitable acquisition candidates on appropriate terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy. moreover, reduced operating results during the current slow economic recovery, our liquidity position, or the requirements of the 2015 facility, the 2015 term loan or the indentures governing the 2021 notes and the 2023 notes, could prevent us from obtaining the capital required to effect new acquisitions or expansions of existing facilities. our failure to make successful acquisitions or to build or expand facilities, including manufacturing facilities, produce saleable product, or meet customer demand in a timely manner could result in damage to or loss of customer relationships, which could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. a negative impact on our financial condition, operations results and cash flows, or our decision to invest in strategic acquisitions or new facilities, could adversely affect our ability to delever.
in addition, although we have been successful in the past in integrating 33 acquisitions, we may not be able to integrate the operations of probuild or any future acquired businesses with our own in an efficient and cost-effective manner or without significant disruption to our or probuild's existing operations. moreover, acquisitions, including the probuild acquisition, involve significant risks and uncertainties, including uncertainties as to the future financial performance of the acquired business, the achievement of expected synergies, difficulties integrating acquired personnel and corporate cultures into our business, the potential loss of key employees, customers or suppliers, difficulties in integrating different computer and accounting systems, exposure to unforeseen liabilities of acquired companies and the diversion of management attention and resources from existing operations. we may be unable to successfully complete potential acquisitions due to multiple factors, such as issues related to regulatory review of the proposed transactions. we may also be required to incur additional debt in order to consummate acquisitions in the future, which debt may be substantial and may limit our flexibility in using our cash flow from operations. our failure to integrate probuild's business or future acquired businesses effectively or to manage other consequences of our acquisitions, including increased indebtedness, could prevent us from remaining competitive and, ultimately, could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
federal, state, local and other regulations could impose substantial costs and/or restrictions on our operations that would reduce our net income.
we are subject to various federal, state, local and other regulations, including, among other things, regulations promulgated by the department of transportation and applicable to our fleet of delivery trucks, work safety regulations promulgated by the department of labor's occupational safety and health administration, employment regulations promulgated by the united states equal employment opportunity commission, accounting standards issued by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") or similar entities and state and local zoning restrictions and building codes. more burdensome regulatory requirements in these or other areas may increase our general and administrative costs and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows. moreover, failure to comply with the regulatory requirements applicable to our business could expose us to substantial penalties that could adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we are subject to potential exposure to environmental liabilities and are subject to environmental regulation.
we are subject to various federal, state and local environmental laws, ordinances and regulations. although we believe that our facilities are in material compliance with such laws, ordinances, and regulations, as owners and lessees of real property, we can be held liable for the investigation or remediation of contamination on such properties, in some circumstances, without regard to whether we knew of or were responsible for such contamination. no assurance can be provided that remediation may not be required in the future as a result of spills or releases of petroleum products or hazardous substances, the discovery of unknown environmental conditions, more stringent standards regarding existing residual contamination, or changes in legislation, laws, rules or regulations. more burdensome environmental regulatory requirements may increase our general and administrative costs and adversely affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we may be adversely affected by uncertainty in the economy and financial markets, including as a result of terrorism or unrest in the middle east, europe or elsewhere.
instability in the economy and financial markets, including as a result of terrorism or unrest in the middle east, europe or elsewhere, may result in a decrease in housing starts, which would adversely affect our business. in addition, such unrest or related adverse developments, including a retaliatory military strike or terrorist attack, may cause unpredictable or unfavorable economic conditions and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. any shortages of fuel or significant fuel cost increases related to geopolitical conditions could seriously disrupt our ability to distribute products to our customers. in addition, domestic terrorist attacks may affect our ability to keep our operations and services functioning properly and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
18
combining the operations of builders first source and probuild may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the probuild acquisition may not be realized.
we continue to assess synergies that we may realize as a consolidated company, the realization of which will depend on a number of factors. the success of the probuild acquisition, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine and integrate the two businesses. it is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, higher than expected costs, diversion of management attention, the disruption of the combined company's ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the combined company's ability to maintain relationships with customers, suppliers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the probuild acquisition. if we experience difficulties with the integration process, or if the operating or financial performance of the combined company is less than we expect, the anticipated benefits of the probuild acquisition may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. management continues to refine its integration plan. the integration planning and implementation process has resulted and will continue to result in significant costs and diversion of management attention and resources. the integration process could have an adverse effect on the combined company for an undetermined period. in addition, the actual cost savings of the probuild acquisition could be less than anticipated.
in connection with the probuild acquisition, we incurred significant additional indebtedness which could adversely affect us, including by decreasing our business flexibility, and increased our interest expense.
our consolidated indebtedness as of december 31, 2015 was approximately $1,997.7 million. we substantially increased our indebtedness in connection with the probuild acquisition, which has increased our interest expense and could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions.
the amount of cash required to pay interest on our increased indebtedness levels following the probuild acquisition, and thus the demands on our cash resources, is substantially greater than the amount of cash flows required to service our indebtedness prior to the probuild acquisition. the increased levels of indebtedness could also reduce funds available for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes and may create competitive disadvantages for us relative to other companies with lower debt levels. if we do not achieve the expected benefits and cost savings from the probuild acquisition, or if the financial performance of the combined company does not meet current expectations, then our ability to service our indebtedness may be adversely impacted.
moreover, we may be required to raise substantial additional financing to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements. our ability to arrange additional financing or refinancing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control. we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional financing or refinancing on terms acceptable to us or at all.
our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly.
interest rates may increase in the future. as a result, interest rates on our 2015 facility and our 2015 term loan could be higher or lower than current levels.  as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $658.6 million, or 33.0%, of our outstanding debt at variable interest rates.  if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. at december 31, 2015, a 1.0% increase in interest rates would result in approximately $0.6 million in additional interest expense annually as we had $60.0 million in outstanding borrowings under the 2015 facility. the 2015 facility also assesses variable commitment and outstanding letter of credit fees based on quarterly average loan utilization. at december 31, 2015, a 1.0% increase in interest rates on the 2015 term loan would result in approximately $3.7 million in additional interest expense annually.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various covenants that impose restrictions on us and certain of our subsidiaries that may affect our ability to operate our businesses.
the agreements that govern our indebtedness contain various affirmative and negative covenants that may, subject to certain significant exceptions, restrict the ability of us and certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, have liens on our property, and/or merge or consolidate with any other person or sell or convey certain of our assets to any one person. the ability of us and our subsidiaries to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control. failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could accelerate our repayment obligations.
19
the integration of probuild involves substantial costs.
we are incurring substantial fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. we estimate these integration-related costs in the range of $90 to $100 million over the two years following the closing of the probuild acquisition. we continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional unanticipated costs may be incurred in connection with the integration of the combined company's businesses. although we expect that the elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow us to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all.
uncertainties associated with the probuild acquisition may cause a loss of management and sales personnel and other key employees of probuild or us, which could adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined company.
we are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of our senior management team and other key employees to execute our business plans. the combined company's success will depend in part upon its ability to retain key management and sales personnel and other key employees. current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company, which may materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key personnel. accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be able to retain key management and sales personnel and other key employees.
some probuild employees are unionized approximately 2% of the workforce at probuild are members of nine different unions. none of the workforce at our legacy company was unionized. there can be no assurance that additional employees of the combined company will not conduct union organization campaigns or become union members in the future.
item  7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the selected financial data and the consolidated financial statements and related notes contained in item 6. selected financial data and item 8. financial statements and supplementary data of this annual report on form 10-k, respectively. see "risk factors" contained in item 1a. risk factors of this annual report on form 10-k and "cautionary statement" contained in item 1. business of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements.
overview we are a leading supplier of building materials, manufactured components and construction services to professional contractors, sub-contractors, and consumers. following our acquisition of probuild in july 2015, the company operates 399 locations in 40 states across the united states. we offer an integrated solution to our customers providing manufacturing, supply and installation of a full range of structural and related building products. our manufactured products include our factory-built roof and floor trusses, wall panels and stairs, vinyl windows, custom millwork and trim, as well as engineered wood that we design, cut, and assemble for each home. we also assemble interior and exterior doors into pre-hung units. additionally, we supply our customers with a broad offering of professional grade building products not manufactured by us, such as dimensional lumber and lumber sheet goods and various window, door and millwork lines. our full range of construction-related services includes professional installation, turn-key framing and shell construction, and spans all our product categories.
we group our building products into six product categories:
●   lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods. lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods include dimensional lumber, plywood, and osb products used in on-site house framing.

●   windows, door &amp; millwork. windows &amp; doors are comprised of the manufacturing, assembly, and distribution of windows and the assembly and distribution of interior and exterior door units. millwork includes interior trim, exterior trim, columns and posts that we distribute, as well as custom exterior features that we manufacture under the synboard ® brand name.

●   manufactured products. manufactured products consist of wood floor and roof trusses, steel roof trusses, wall panels, stairs, and engineered wood.

●   gypsum, roofing &amp; insulation. gypsum, roofing, &amp; insulation include wallboard, metal studs and trims, ceilings, joint treatment and finishes, stucco and exteriors.

●   siding, metal, and concrete. siding, metal, and concrete includes vinyl, composite, and wood siding, other exteriors, and cement.

●   other building products &amp; services. other building products &amp; services are comprised of products such as cabinets and hardware as well as services such as turn-key framing, shell construction, design assistance, and professional installation spanning the majority of our product categories.

our operating results are dependent on the following trends, events and uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control:
●   homebuilding industry. our business is driven primarily by the residential new construction market, which is in turn dependent upon a number of factors, including demographic trends, interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, and the health of the economy and mortgage markets. during the housing downturn, which began in 2006, many homebuilders significantly decreased their starts because of lower demand and an excess of home inventory. the housing market started to strengthen in 2011. according to the u.s. census bureau, annual u.s. single-family housing starts were 714,700 in 2015. however, single-family housing starts remain well below the historical average (from 1959 through 2015) of 1.0 million per year. due to the lower levels in housing starts and increased competition for homebuilder business, we have and will continue to experience pressure on our gross margins. we still believe there are several meaningful trends that indicate u.s. housing demand will likely recover in the long term and that the recent downturn in the housing industry is likely a trough in the cyclical nature of the residential construction industry. these trends include relatively low interest rates, the aging of housing stock, and normal population growth due to immigration and birthrate exceeding death rate. industry forecasters, including the national association of homebuilders ("nahb"), expect to see continued improvement in housing demand over the next few years.

25
●   targeting large production homebuilders. over the past ten years, the homebuilding industry has undergone consolidation, and the larger homebuilders have increased their market share. we expect that trend to continue as larger homebuilders have better liquidity and land positions relative to the smaller, less capitalized homebuilders. our focus is on maintaining relationships and market share with these customers while balancing the competitive pressures we are facing in servicing large homebuilders with certain profitability expectations. we expect that our ability to maintain strong relationships with the largest builders will be vital to our ability to expand into new markets as well as grow our market share. additionally, we have been successful in expanding our custom homebuilder base while maintaining acceptable credit standards.

●   repair and remodel end market. following the acquisition of probuild, the repair and remodel end market now comprises a larger portion of our business. although it is influenced by housing starts to a lesser degree than the homebuilding market, the repair and remodel end market is still dependent upon some of the same factors as the homebuilding market, including demographic trends, interest rates, consumer confidence, employment rates, foreclosure rates, and the health of the economy and home financing markets. we expect that our ability to remain competitive in this space as well as grow our market share will depend on our continued ability to provide a high level of customer service coupled with a broad product offering.

●   use of prefabricated components. prior to the housing downturn, homebuilders were increasingly using prefabricated components in order to realize increased efficiency and improved quality. shortening cycle time from start to completion was a key imperative of the homebuilders during periods of strong consumer demand. during the housing downturn, that trend decelerated as cycle time had less relevance. customers who traditionally used prefabricated components, for the most part, still do. however, the conversion of customers to this product offering slowed during the downturn. we are now seeing the demand for prefabricated components increase as the residential new construction market continues to strengthen and the availability of skilled construction labor remains limited.

●   economic conditions. economic changes both nationally and locally in our markets impact our financial performance. the building products supply industry is highly dependent upon new home construction and subject to cyclical market changes. our operations are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in supply and demand, national and local economic conditions, labor costs, competition, government regulation, trade policies and other factors that affect the homebuilding industry such as demographic trends, interest rates, single-family housing starts, employment levels, consumer confidence, and the availability of credit to homebuilders, contractors, and homeowners. beginning in 2007, the mortgage markets experienced substantial disruption due to increased defaults. this resulted in a stricter regulatory environment and reduced availability of mortgages for potential homebuyers due to an illiquid credit market and tighter standards to qualify for mortgages. mortgage financing and commercial credit for smaller homebuilders continue to be constrained, although there have been recent signs of easing. as the housing industry is dependent upon the economy as well as potential homebuyers' access to mortgage financing and homebuilders' access to commercial credit, it is likely that the housing industry will not fully recover to the historical average until conditions in the economy and the credit markets further improve.

●   cost of materials. prices of wood products, which are subject to cyclical market fluctuations, may adversely impact operating income when prices rapidly rise or fall within a relatively short period of time. we purchase certain materials, including lumber products, which are then sold to customers as well as used as direct production inputs for our manufactured and prefabricated products. short-term changes in the cost of these materials, some of which are subject to significant fluctuations, are sometimes passed on to our customers, but our pricing quotation periods may limit our ability to pass on such price changes. we may also be limited in our ability to pass on increases on in-bound freight costs on our products. our inability to pass on material price increases to our customers could adversely impact our operating results.

●   controlling expenses. another important aspect of our strategy is controlling costs and enhancing our status as a low-cost building materials supplier in the markets we serve. we pay close attention to managing our working capital and operating expenses. we have a "best practices" operating philosophy, which encourages increasing efficiency, lowering costs, improving working capital, and maximizing profitability and cash flow. we constantly analyze our workforce productivity to achieve the optimum, cost-efficient labor mix for our facilities. further, we pay careful attention to our logistics function and its effect on our shipping and handling costs.

·   expand into multi-family and light commercial business. our primary focus has been, and continues to be, on single-family residential new construction. however, we will continue to identify opportunities for profitable growth in the multi-family and light commercial markets.

26
·   successful integration of the probuild business: the acquisition of probuild has substantially increased the scale of our company. successfully integrating probuild will be critical to achieving our future objectives. combining our two companies may be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, which could result in the acquisition not achieving its intended results, including the expected operational synergies and cost savings. in addition, as a result of the probuild acquisition we have substantially increased indebtedness. reduction of our outstanding debt will be a key imperative as we work to achieve the intended results of the acquisition.

recent developments acquisitions on february 9, 2015, the company acquired certain assets and the operations of timber tech texas, inc. and its affiliates ("timber tech") for $5.8 million in cash (including certain adjustments). timber tech is based in cibolo, texas, which is approximately 25 miles northeast of downtown san antonio. timber tech is a manufacturer of roof trusses, floor trusses, wall panels and sub-components, as well as a supplier of glue laminated timber and veneer lumber beams.
on july 31, 2015, we acquired all of the operating affiliates of probuild through the purchase of all issued and outstanding equity interests of probuild for $1.63 billion in cash, subject to certain adjustments. previously headquartered in denver, colorado, probuild is one of the nation's largest professional building materials suppliers. we believe that the probuild acquisition will lead to greater diversification and scale, an improved geographic footprint, and significant potential cost savings. in addition, we bring to probuild significant sales expertise in value-added products, which we believe, when combined with probuild's diverse customer base, will result in enhanced sales growth of higher margin products for the company.
the probuild purchase price was funded with the net cash proceeds from (i) the sale of $700.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 10.75% senior unsecured notes due 2023 ("2023 notes"), (ii) the entry into a new $600.0 million term loan credit agreement ("2015 term loan"), (iii) a $295.0 million draw on an amended and restated $800.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility ("2015 facility"), and (iv) a public offering of 9.2 million new shares of our common stock at an offering  price of $12.80 per share, subject, in each case, to applicable discounts, commissions, fees, and expenses.
the probuild and timber tech transactions were accounted for by the acquisition method, and accordingly their results of operations were included in the company's consolidated financial statements from the respective acquisition dates. the purchase price has been allocated to the assets acquired based on estimated fair values at the acquisition date, with the excess of purchase price over the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired recorded as goodwill.
current operating conditions and outlook though the level of housing starts remains below the historical average, the homebuilding industry has shown improvement since 2011. according to the u.s. census bureau, actual u.s. single-family housing starts for 2015 were 714,700, an increase of 10.3% compared to 2014. u.s single-family units under construction increased 11.1% during this same time period. while the housing industry has strengthened over the past few years, the limited availability of credit to smaller homebuilders and potential homebuyers and the slow economic recovery, among other factors, have hampered a stronger recovery. a composite of third party sources, including the nahb, are forecasting 825,000 u.s. single-family housing starts for 2016, which is an increase of 15.4% from 2015.
our net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 were up 122.2% over the same period last year, 119.1% of which was due to recent acquisitions, primarily the acquisition of probuild. excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, which are described in note 3 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, net sales increased 3.1%. we estimate net sales increased 8.5% due to increased volume, which was partially offset by a 5.4% decrease due to the impact of commodity price deflation on net sales. our gross margin percentage increased by 3.0% during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. excluding the impact of the probuild acquisition, our gross margin percentage increased 1.7%, primarily due to improved customer pricing relative to our costs and a higher mix of value-added sales. we made significant changes to our business during the downturn that have improved our operating efficiency and allowed us to better leverage our operating costs against changes in sales volume. we intend to implement similar changes in probuild's business activities to the extent feasible. however, our selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, were 22.7% for the year ended december 31, 2015, a 3.6% increase from 19.2% in 2014. excluding probuild, selling, general, and administrative expenses were 22.0% of net sales. the increase was primarily due to acquisition costs related to the probuild acquisition, an increase in facility closure costs associated with location consolidations, and an increase in intangible asset amortization.
27
as a result of the probuild acquisition, we have substantially increased indebtedness. as such, reduction of our outstanding debt is a key area of focus for the company. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we repaid $235.0 million of the original $295.0 million borrowed under the 2015 facility at the closing of the acquisition. in addition, we repaid $1.4 million on the 2015 term loan during the same period.
on february 12, 2016, we completed separate privately negotiated note exchange transactions in which $218.6 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2023 notes was exchanged for $207.6 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.625% senior secured notes due 2021 ("2021 notes"). the 2021 notes were issued under the existing indenture dated as of may 29, 2013.
on february 29, 2016, we completed additional privately negotiated note exchange transactions in which $63.8 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2023 notes was exchanged for $60.0 million in aggregate principal amount of our 7.625% senior secured notes due 2021 ("2021 notes"). following these transactions $617.6 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2021 notes and $417.6 million in aggregate principal amount of our 2023 notes remain outstanding.
these transactions allowed the company to reduce its long-term debt by approximately $14.8 million and reduce its annual cash interest expense by approximately $10.0 million.
we still believe the long-term outlook for the housing industry is positive due to growth in the underlying demographics. we feel we are well-positioned to take advantage of the construction activity in our markets and to continue to increase our market share, which may include strategic acquisitions. we will continue to focus on working capital by closely monitoring the credit exposure of our customers and by working with our vendors to improve our payment terms and pricing on our products. we will also continue to work diligently to achieve the appropriate balance of short-term expense control while maintaining the expertise and capacity to grow the business as market conditions improve. we want to create long-term shareholder value and avoid taking steps that will limit our ability to compete.
results of operations the following table sets forth the percentage relationship to sales of certain costs, expenses and income items for the years ended december 31:
2015                 2014                 2013

sales                                                            100.0   %            100.0    %           100.0   %
cost of sales                                                     74.7   %             77.7    %            78.5   %
gross margin                                                      25.3   %             22.3    %            21.5   %
selling, general and administrative expenses                      22.7   %             19.2    %            18.3   %
income from operations                                             2.6   %              3.1    %             3.2   %
interest expense, net                                              3.1   %              1.9    %             6.0   %
income tax expense                                                 0.1   %              0.1    %             0.1   %
income (loss) from continuing operations                          (0.6   )%             1.1    %            (2.9   )%
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax             0.0   %             (0.0   )%            (0.2   )%
net income (loss)                                                 (0.6   )%             1.1    %            (2.9   )%
2015 compared with 2014
sales. sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 were $3,564.4 million, a 122.2% increase from sales of $1,604.1 million for 2014. net sales increased $1,910.9 million, or 119.1%, due to recent acquisitions, primarily probuild. excluding the impact of acquisitions, net sales increased $49.4 million, or 8.5% due to increased volume, which was partially offset by a 5.4% decrease due to the impact of commodity price deflation on net sales. according to the u.s. census bureau, actual u.s. single-family housing starts increased 10.3% and single-family units under construction increased 11.1% in 2015 compared to 2014.
28
the following table shows sales classified by major product category (dollars in millions):
2015                                       2014

sales            % of sales                sales            % of sales          % change lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods                $1,151.7                  32.3   %           $563.4                  35.1   %         104.4   %
windows, doors &amp; millwork                     868.8                  24.3   %            505.5                  31.5   %          71.9   %
manufactured products                             644.4                  18.1   %            333.6                  20.8   %          93.2   %
gypsum, roofing &amp; insulation                  265.9                   7.5   %             46.9                   2.9   %         466.5   %
siding, metal &amp; concrete products             269.2                   7.6   %             41.8                   2.6   %         544.2   %
other building products &amp; services            364.4                  10.2   %            112.9                   7.1   %         222.8   %
total sales                                    $3,564.4                 100.0   %         $1,604.1                 100.0   %         122.2   %
due to the probuild acquisition, we achieved increased net sales across all product categories.  our sales classification by product categories has shifted as we diversified our product offerings to support a broader customer base across 40 states through the probuild acquisition. excluding probuild, net sales increased across all product categories, except lumber & lumber sheet goods, which decreased $12.4 million. this decline in net sales of lumber and lumber sheet goods, excluding probuild, was largely due to an 11.1% decrease in market prices for such commodities in 2015 compared to 2014, which was mostly offset by an increase in sales volume.
gross margin. gross margin increased $544.5 million to $901.5 million. of this increase, $493.3 million is due to the probuild acquisition. excluding probuild, gross margin increased $51.2 million. our gross margin percentage increased to 25.3% in 2015 from 22.3% in 2014, a 3.0% increase. excluding probuild, our gross margin percentage increased 1.7%, primarily due to improved customer pricing relative to our costs and a higher mix of value-added sales from our manufactured products categories in 2015 compared to 2014.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased $503.9 million, or 164.1%. excluding probuild, our selling, general, and administrative expense increased $68.0 million or 22.2%. excluding probuild, our salaries and benefits expense, excluding stock compensation expense, was $218.4 million, an increase of $27.3 million from 2014, largely due to a 6.2% increase in full-time equivalent employees related to increased sales volume and other recent acquisitions. office general and administrative expense increased $31.2 million, primarily due to a $30.2 million increase in professional service fees largely attributable to acquisition and integration costs related to the probuild acquisition. facility closure costs increased $3.6 million primarily due to costs associated with location consolidations following the probuild acquisition. intangible asset amortization increased $1.6 million due to other recent acquisitions.  delivery expense increased $1.7 million largely due to increased sales volume.
as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased from 19.2% in 2014 to 22.7% in 2015. excluding probuild, selling, general and administrative expenses were 22.0% of net sales. as a percentage of net sales, salaries and benefits expense, excluding stock compensation expense, increased 0.9%, office general and administrative expense increased 1.7%, facility closure costs increased 0.2%, intangible asset amortization increased 0.1% and delivery expenses decreased 0.1%. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of net sales, was primarily due to the factors discussed above, and to a lesser degree, the negative impact of commodity price deflation on our net sales.
interest expense, net. interest expense was $109.2 million in 2015, an increase of $78.9 million from 2014. excluding interest expense attributable to probuild, which is primarily related to interest expense associated with lease finance obligations, our interest expense was $101.0 million, an increase of $70.7 million. the increase was primarily related to the financing transactions associated with the acquisition of probuild. of the $70.7 million increase, $49.5 million was attributable primarily to increased interest expense related to our 2023 notes, 2015 term loan and 2015 facility, $13.2 million was due to commitment fees related to unutilized bridge and backstop facilities, $8.3 million was related to non-cash interest expense from the amortization of debt discount and deferred loan costs, and fair value adjustments related to our previously outstanding stock warrants in 2014.
income tax expense. we recorded income tax expense of $4.4 million and $1.1 million during 2015 and 2014, respectively. we recorded an increase in the after-tax, non-cash valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets of $9.7 million in 2015 and a $7.2 million reduction in the after-tax, non-cash valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets in 2014. absent the valuation allowance, our effective tax rate would have been 28.5% and 42.1% for 2015 and 2014, respectively.
2014 compared with 2013
sales. sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 were $1,604.1 million, a 7.7% increase from sales of $1,489.9 million for 2013. excluding the impact of recent acquisitions our sales grew 5.8% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior
29
year. according to the u.s census bureau, actual u.s. single-family housing starts increased 4.8% in 2014 as compared to 2013. in the south region, actual single-family starts increased 6.0% compared to 2013, and single-family units under construction increased 14.0% over this same time period. excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, we estimate sales increased 7.9% due to increased volume, which was partially offset by a 2.1% decrease due to the impact of commodity price deflation on sales, while sales increased an additional 1.9% due to recent acquisitions during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year.
the following table shows sales classified by major product category (dollars in millions):
2014                                       2013

sales            % of sales                sales            % of sales          % change lumber &amp; lumber sheet goods                  $563.4                  35.1   %           $570.8                  38.3   %          (1.3   )%
windows, doors &amp; millwork                     505.5                  31.5   %            435.8                  29.3   %          16.0    %
manufactured products                             333.6                  20.8   %            295.5                  19.8   %          12.9    %
gypsum, roofing &amp; insulation                   46.9                   2.9   %             46.4                   3.1   %           1.2    %
siding, metal &amp; concrete products              41.8                   2.6   %             37.9                   2.5   %          10.3    %
other building products &amp; services            112.9                   7.1   %            103.5                   7.0   %           9.0    %
total sales                                    $1,604.1                 100.0   %         $1,489.9                 100.0   %           7.7    %
increased sales were achieved across all product categories, except lumber and lumber sheet goods, primarily due to increased volume. the decrease in sales for lumber and lumber sheet goods is primarily attributable to the impact of commodity price deflation, which was mostly offset by an increase in volume, for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year.
gross margin. gross margin increased $37.1 million to $357.0 million. our gross margin percentage increased from 21.5% in 2013 to 22.3% in 2014, a 0.8% increase. our gross margin percentage increased primarily due to improved customer pricing and lower volatility in commodity lumber prices during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the prior year.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased $34.6 million, or 12.7%. our salaries and benefits expense, excluding stock compensation expense, was $191.1 million for 2014, an increase of $19.4 million from 2013. delivery expenses increased $5.9 million and office general and administrative expense increased $4.3 million primarily due to increased sales volume. occupancy expenses increased $3.0 million, primarily due to acquisitions and expansions at existing facilities.
as a percentage of sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased from 18.2% in 2013 to 19.1% in 2014. as a percentage of sales, salaries and benefits expense, excluding stock compensation expense, increased 0.4%, delivery costs increased by 0.1%, our office general and administrative expense increased 0.1% and occupancy expenses increased by 0.1%. these increases were primarily due to the negative impact of commodity lumber price deflation on our sales during 2014.
interest expense, net. interest expense was $30.3 million in 2014, a decrease of $59.3 million from 2013. the decrease is primarily related to our refinancing in the second quarter of 2013, which included $10.6 million of interest on our then outstanding $225.0 million first-lien term loan due 2015 ("term loan"), the write-off of $6.8 million in unamortized debt discount and $2.1 million of debt issuance costs, and a $39.5 million prepayment premium related to the early termination of the term loan.
income tax expense. we recorded income tax expense of $1.1 million and $0.8 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively. we recorded a $7.2 million reduction to our valuation allowance due to utilization of net operating loss carryforwards to reduce our taxable income in 2014. we recorded an after-tax, non-cash valuation allowance of $15.3 million related to our net deferred tax assets for 2013, which is exclusive of $0.6 million primarily related to reversals of uncertain tax positions due to statute expirations that affected our net operating loss carryforward and valuation allowance. absent this valuation allowance, our effective tax rate would have been 42.1% and 35.0% for 2014 and 2013, respectively.
30
results by reportable segment the following tables show net sales and income from continuing operations before income taxes by reportable segment (dollars in thousands):
year ended december 31,

net sales                                                                    income from continuing operations before income taxes
2015                             % of net       2014                           % of net          % change          2015                             % of net        2014                             % of net             % change sales                                         sales                                                                sales                                            sales northeast                $630,486                18.3   %              $229,998                15.6   %      174.1         %             $26,907                     4.3    %              $3,464                     1.5   %         676.8         %
southeast                 917,022                26.7   %               672,059                45.5   %      36.4          %              13,703                     1.5    %               5,465                     0.8   %         150.7         %
south                   1,098,359                32.0   %               574,831                38.9   %      91.1          %              39,533                     3.6    %              13,832                     2.4   %         185.8         %
west                      789,275                23.0   %                     -                   -                 -                     31,177                     4.0    %                   -                       -                    -
$3,435,142               100.0   %            $1,476,888               100.0   %                                 $111,320                     3.2    %             $22,761                     1.5   %
year ended december 31,

net sales                                                                     income from continuing operations before income taxes
2014                           % of net       2013                           % of net          % change           2014                            % of net        2013                             % of net             % change sales                                         sales                                                                sales                                            sales northeast              $229,998                15.6   %              $239,860                17.4   %             (4.1   )%             $3,464                     1.5   %               $5,715                     2.4   %                (39.4   )%
southeast               672,059                45.5   %               649,654                47.0   %      3.4           %               5,465                     0.8   %                9,199                     1.4   %                (40.6   )%
south                   574,831                38.9   %               492,344                35.6   %      16.8          %              13,832                     2.4   %               10,061                     2.0   %         37.5           %
west                          -                   -                         -                   -                 -                          -                       -                        -                       -                    -
$1,476,888               100.0   %            $1,381,858               100.0   %                                  $22,761                     1.5   %              $24,975                     1.8   %
as a result of our reorganization following the probuild acquisition on july 31, 2015, we now have four reportable segments based on an aggregation of the geographic regions in which we operate: northeast, southeast, south and west.  the west reportable segment operations were acquired through the probuild acquisition. the other reportable segments represent a mix of legacy builders firstsource and probuild locations.
excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 increased 4.5% and 5.9% in our legacy southeast and south reportable segments, respectively, primarily due to volume increases, which were partially offset by commodity price deflation.  according to the u.s census bureau, the actual u.s. single-family housing starts increased 10.3% in 2015 as compared to 2014, with single family starts in the south region increasing 12.0% compared to 2014.  excluding probuild, net sales for our northeast reportable segment decreased 2.7% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014 due to slower regional sales growth, which was not enough to overcome the impact of commodity price deflation.
excluding the impact of recent acquisitions, net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 increased 3.4% and 11.2% in our southeast and south reportable segments, respectively, due to volume increases which outpaced the commodity price deflation offset.  according to the u.s census bureau, the actual u.s. single-family housing starts increased 4.8% in 2014 as compared to 2013, with single family starts in the south region ahead of the national average increasing 6.0% compared to 2013.  excluding probuild, net sales for our northeast reportable segment decreased 4.1% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013 due to slower regional sales growth, which was not enough to overcome the commodity price deflation impact.
liquidity and capital resources our primary capital requirements are to fund working capital needs and operating expenses, meet required interest and principal payments, and to fund capital expenditures and potential future acquisitions. our capital resources at december 31, 2015 consist of cash on hand and borrowing availability under our revolving credit facility.
our 2015 facility will be primarily used for working capital, general corporate purposes, and funding acquisitions. in addition, we may use the 2015 facility to facilitate debt consolidation. availability under the 2015 facility is determined by a borrowing base. our borrowing base consists of trade accounts receivable, inventory, other receivables, including progress billings and credit card receivables, and qualified cash that all meet specific criteria contained within the credit agreement, minus agent specified reserves. net excess borrowing availability is equal to the maximum borrowing amount minus outstanding borrowings and letters of credit.
31
the following table shows our borrowing base and excess availability as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
as of

december 31,
2015
accounts receivable availability                                                                   $384.5
inventory availability                                                                              314.3
other receivables availability                                                                       27.0
gross availability                                                                                  725.8
less:
agent reserves                                                                                      (23.5   )
plus:
cash in qualified accounts                                                                           55.5
borrowing base                                                                                      757.8
aggregate revolving commitments                                                                     800.0
maximum borrowing amount (lesser of borrowing base and aggregate revolving commitments)             757.8
less:
outstanding borrowings                                                                              (60.0   )
letters of credit                                                                                   (79.1   )
net excess borrowing availability on revolving facility                                            $618.7
as of december 31, 2015, we had $60.0 million in outstanding borrowings under our 2015 facility and our net excess borrowing availability was $618.7 million after being reduced by outstanding letters of credit of approximately $79.1 million. excess availability must equal or exceed a minimum specified amount, currently $80.0 million, or we are required to meet a fixed charge coverage ratio of 1:00 to 1:00. we were not in violation of any covenants or restrictions imposed by any of our debt agreements at december 31, 2015.
liquidity our liquidity at december 31, 2015 was $683.8 million, which consists of net borrowing availability under the 2015 facility and cash on hand. we are expecting increased stability and continued improvement in the housing industry in 2016. beyond 2016, it is difficult for us to predict what will happen as our industry is dependent on a number of factors, including national economic conditions, employment levels, the availability of credit for homebuilders and potential home buyers, the level of foreclosures, existing home inventory, and interest rates.
we have substantially increased indebtedness following completion of the probuild acquisition in comparison to our indebtedness on a recent historical basis, which will increase our interest expense and could have the effect of, among other things, reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions. from time to time, based on market conditions and other factors and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, the company may repurchase or call the 2021 notes or 2023 notes, repay debt, or otherwise enter into transactions regarding its capital structure.
should the current industry conditions deteriorate or we pursue additional acquisitions, we may be required to raise additional funds through the sale of common stock or debt in the public capital markets or in privately negotiated transactions. there can be no assurance that any of these financing options would be available on favorable terms, if at all. alternatives to help supplement our liquidity position could include, but are not limited to, idling or permanently closing additional facilities, adjusting our headcount in response to current business conditions, attempts to renegotiate leases, and divesting of non-core businesses. there are no assurances that these steps would prove successful.
consolidated cash flows cash provided by operating activities was $177.0 million and $27.5 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. our working capital decreased $99.0 million in 2015 compared to an increase of $7.8 million in 2014. the decrease in working capital is primarily due to a decrease in accounts receivable and an increase in accrued liabilities. the decrease in accounts receivable is due to increased collections largely attributable to the probuild acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2015. the increase in accrued liabilities is largely due to increased interest payable following the probuild acquisition financing transactions. the decrease in working capital was partially offset by an increase in cash interest payments of $26.7 million in 2015 compared to 2014. in addition, during 2015 we had $13.2 million in one-time cash interest payments attributable to commitment fees related to unutilized bridge and backstop financing
32
facilities.  the remaining increase in cash provided by operations is primarily related to increased sales and profitability during 2015 as a result of higher sales volume and the acquisition of probuild.
cash provided by operating activities was $27.5 million in 2014 compared to cash used in operating activities of $47.6 million in 2013. the change of $75.1 million was primarily due to our refinancing in the second quarter of 2013 and our improved financial performance in 2014. cash interest payments were $28.3 million in 2014 compared to $78.2 million in 2013. the $78.2 million in cash interest payments in 2013 included a $39.5 million prepayment penalty related to the termination of our term loan. in addition, our working capital only increased $7.8 million compared to an increase in working capital of $31.8 million in 2013.
cash used in investing activities increased $1,413.2 million in 2015 compared to 2014. the change is primarily due to the $1,462.7 million probuild acquisition.  in addition, we acquired timber tech for $5.8 million during 2015.  in 2014, $69.3 million of cash was used for acquisitions.  capital expenditures for 2015 were $43.8 million compared to $25.7 million in 2014.  the increase in capital expenditures primarily relates to purchasing machinery, equipment and vehicles to support sales growth and to increase capacity at existing locations.
cash used in investing activities increased $95.4 million in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase is primarily due to $69.3 million in cash used for acquisitions in 2014 and a $10.7 million increase in capital expenditures in 2014 compared to 2013. the remaining change is primarily due to a decrease of $13.0 million in restricted cash related to the transfer of our outstanding letters of credit from the previous facility to our new letter of credit sub-facility, which eliminated our cash collateral requirement for outstanding letters of credit in 2013. the increase in capital expenditures during 2014 primarily relates to the purchase of facilities in greensboro, nc, conroe, tx, and schertz, tx, improvements related to the relocation of two facilities, as well as purchasing machinery and equipment to support sales growth and to increase capacity at existing locations.
cash provided by financing activities was $1,378.3 million and $30.4 million for 2015 and 2014, respectively. during 2015 cash provided by financing activities was primarily due to financing activities related to the probuild acquisition, including $700.0 million of proceeds from the issuance of notes, $594.0 million of proceeds from a new term loan agreement, $320.0 million of borrowings under the revolving credit facilities, and $111.3 million of proceeds from the public offering of common stock, net of issuance costs. slightly offsetting this, we repaid $290.0 million under the revolving credit facilities during 2015.  in addition, we paid $58.5 million of deferred loan costs in 2015.
cash provided financing activities for 2014 was $30.4 million compared to cash used in financing activities in 2013 of $29.7 million. cash provided by financing activities for 2014 primarily relates to our $30.0 million borrowing under the 2013 facility. cash used in 2013 primarily relates to our refinancing in the second quarter of 2013. in the second quarter of 2013 we issued $350.0 million of our 2021 notes and repaid our $225.0 million term loan and $139.7 million of our second priority senior secured floating rate notes due 2016 ("2016 notes"). the remaining change is primarily due to $15.6 million in payments of deferred loan costs related to our 2013 facility and 2021 notes.
capital expenditures capital expenditures vary depending on prevailing business factors, including current and anticipated market conditions. historically, capital expenditures have for the most part remained at relatively low levels in comparison to the operating cash flows generated during the corresponding periods. we expect our 2016 capital expenditures to be approximately $90-$100 million primarily related to rolling stock, equipment and facility improvements to support our operations.
33
disclosures of contractual obligations and commercial commitments the following summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in thousands):
payments due by period

contractual obligations              total                     less than 1 year                   1-3 years                3-5 years           more than 5 years long-term debt                       $1,708,625                $5,500                               $11,000                  $71,000           $1,621,125
interest on long-term debt(1)                968,801                       142,247                  283,083                  280,252                       263,219
lease finance obligations(2)                 406,247                        21,814                   41,755                   41,613                       301,065
capital lease obligations(2)                   8,563                         7,180                      920                      463                             -
operating leases                             244,362                        59,680                   93,479                   46,029                        45,174
uncertain tax positions(3)                         -                             -                        -                        -                             -
total contractual cash obligations   $3,336,598                $236,421                            $430,237                 $439,357           $2,230,583
(1)   we had $60.0 million in borrowings under the 2015 facility as of december 31, 2015. borrowings under the 2015 facility bear interest at a variable rate. therefore, actual interest may differ from the amounts presented above due to interest rate changes or any future borrowing activity under the 2015 facility. the 2015 term loan also bears interest at a variable rate, therefore actual interest may differ from the amounts presented above due to interest rate changes.

(2)   future minimum commitments for lease finance obligations and capital lease obligations.

(3)   we have $0.2 million of uncertain tax positions recorded in long-term liabilities or as a reduction to operating loss carryforwards. we also have $0.3 million in interest and penalties accrued related to these uncertain tax positions. it is not reasonably possible to predict at this time when (or if) any of these amounts will be settled.

the amounts reflected in the table above for operating leases represent future minimum lease payments under non-cancelable operating leases with an initial or remaining term in excess of one year at december 31, 2015. purchase orders entered into in the ordinary course of business are excluded from the above table because they are payable within one year. amounts for which we are liable under purchase orders are reflected on our consolidated balance sheet as accounts payable and accrued liabilities. we plan to lease additional delivery equipment during 2016 to support anticipated sales growth. these operating leases are not included in the table above.
other cash obligations not reflected in the balance sheet in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, commonly referred to as gaap, our operating leases are not recorded in our balance sheet. in addition to the lease obligations included in the above table, we have residual value guarantees on certain equipment leases. under these leases we have the option of (1) purchasing the equipment at the end of the lease term, (2) arranging for the sale of the equipment to a third party, or (3) returning the equipment to the lessor to sell the equipment. if the sales proceeds in either case are less than the residual value, then we are required to reimburse the lessor for the deficiency up to a specified level as stated in each lease agreement. the guarantees under these leases for the residual values of equipment at the end of the respective operating lease periods approximated $3.2 million as of december 31, 2015.
based upon the expectation that none of these leased assets will have a residual value at the end of the lease term that is materially less than the value specified in the related operating lease agreement or that we will purchase the equipment at the end of the lease term, we do not believe it is probable that we will be required to fund any amounts under the terms of these guarantee arrangements. accordingly, no accruals have been recognized for these guarantees.
in addition, the company is party to certain agreements related to its lease finance obligations which commit the company to perform certain repairs and maintenance obligations under the leases in a specified manner and timeframe that generally will occur throughout the next year.
critical accounting policies and estimates critical accounting policies are those that both are important to the accurate portrayal of a company's financial condition and results, and require subjective or complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain.
in order to prepare financial statements that conform to gaap, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. certain estimates are particularly sensitive due to their significance to the financial statements and the possibility that future events may be significantly different from our expectations.
34
we have identified the following accounting policies that require us to make the most subjective or complex judgments in order to fairly present our consolidated financial position and results of operations.
vendor rebates. many of our arrangements with our vendors provide for us to receive a rebate of a specified amount payable to us when we achieve any of a number of measures, generally related to the volume of purchases from our vendors. we account for these rebates as a reduction of the prices of the vendor's products, which reduces inventory until we sell the product, at which time these rebates reduce cost of sales. throughout the year, we estimate the amount of rebates based upon our historical level of purchases. we continually revise these estimates to reflect actual purchase levels.
if market conditions were to change, vendors may change the terms of some or all of these programs. although these changes would not affect the amounts which we have recorded related to product already purchased, it may impact our gross margins on products we sell or sales earned in future periods.
allowance for doubtful accounts and related reserves. we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts for estimated losses due to the failure of our customers to make required payments. we perform periodic credit evaluations of our customers and typically do not require collateral. however, we have, in some cases, required customers to collateralize their debt with us. consistent with industry practices, we typically require payment from most customers within 30 days. as our business is seasonal in certain regions, our customers' businesses are also seasonal. sales are lowest in the winter months, and our past due accounts receivable balance as a percentage of total receivables generally increases during this time. throughout the year, we record estimated reserves based upon our historical write-offs of uncollectible accounts, taking into consideration certain factors, such as aging statistics and trends, customer payment history, independent credit reports, and discussions with customers. periodically, we perform a specific analysis of all accounts past due and write off account balances when we have exhausted reasonable collection efforts and determined that the likelihood of collection is remote. we charge these write-offs against our allowance for doubtful accounts. any future decline in the macroeconomic factors that affect the overall housing industry or our specific customers' business could cause us to revise our estimate of expected losses and increase our allowance for doubtful accounts.
impairment of long-lived assets. long-lived assets, including property and equipment and intangible assets with finite lives, are reviewed for possible impairment whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying amount of a long-lived asset group is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset group. our long-lived assets and liabilities are grouped at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets and liabilities. our facility related long-lived assets are grouped at a geographical location level, which is at a level below our operating segments. all of our other long-lived assets are grouped at a geographical region level, which is the equivalent of our operating segments. our judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on market and operational performance. determining whether impairment has occurred typically requires various estimates and assumptions, including determining which cash flows are directly related to the potentially impaired asset group, the useful life over which cash flows will occur, their amount, and the asset group's residual value, if any. in turn, measurement of an impairment loss requires a determination of fair value, which is based on the best information available.
we use internal cash flow estimates, quoted market prices when available and independent appraisals, as appropriate, to determine fair value. we derive the required cash flow estimates from our historical experience and our internal business plans and apply an appropriate discount rate. these cash flow estimates are over the remaining useful lives of the asset groups. forecasted housing starts are used to help estimate future revenue. historical trends are then used to project gross margins and operating expenses based upon various revenue levels. if these projected cash flows are less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized based on the fair value of the asset group. due to the uncertainties associated with these projections, actual results could differ from projected results, and further impairment of long-lived assets could be recorded. future non-cash impairment of long-lived assets would have the effect of decreasing our earnings or increasing our losses in such period, but would not impact our current outstanding debt obligations or compliance with covenants contained in the related debt agreements.
in continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded asset impairment charges on held-for-use assets of $1.4 million related to a customer relationship intangible assets associated with a location closure and recorded $0.7 million related to fair value adjustments on held-for-sale assets during 2015. we recorded no significant asset impairment charges in continuing operations in 2014 or 2013.
goodwill. goodwill represents the excess of the amount we paid to acquire businesses over the estimated fair value of tangible assets and identifiable intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed. at december 31, 2015, our goodwill balance was $739.6 million, representing 25.7% of our total assets.
we test goodwill for impairment in the fourth quarter of each year or at any other time when impairment indicators exist by comparing the estimated implied value of a reporting units' goodwill to its book value. examples of such indicators that could cause
35
us to test goodwill for impairment between annual tests include a significant change in the business climate, unexpected competition or a significant deterioration in market share. we may also consider market capitalization relative to our net assets. our industry experienced a significant and severe downturn that began in mid-2006. as such, we have closely monitored the trends in economic factors and their effects on operating results to determine if an impairment trigger was present that would warrant a reassessment of the recoverability of the carrying amount of goodwill prior to the required annual impairment test and performed interim impairment tests when warranted. housing starts are a significant sales driver for us. if there is a significant decline or an expected decline in housing starts, this could adversely affect our expectations for a reporting unit and the value of that reporting unit. we did not have any goodwill impairments in continuing operations in 2015, 2014 or 2013.
the process of evaluating goodwill for impairment involves the determination of the fair value of our reporting units. as a result of the reorganization following the probuild acquisition, our reporting units are now aligned with our nine geographic regions which are also determined to be our operating segments. in evaluating goodwill for impairment, the company first assesses qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. if it is concluded that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then no further testing of the goodwill is required.
however, if we determine that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then we evaluate goodwill for impairment using a two-step process. the first step is to identify potential impairment by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit to the book value, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the book value, goodwill is not impaired. if the book value exceeds the fair value, the second step of the process is performed to measure the amount of impairment. in step two, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all other assets and liabilities of that reporting unit based on their respective fair values. the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit over the amount allocated to its assets and liabilities is the implied fair value of goodwill. goodwill impairment is measured as the excess of the carrying value over its implied fair value. the fair value of a reporting unit is estimated based upon the projected discounted cash flow expected to be generated from the reporting unit using a discounted cash flow methodology. where available and appropriate, comparative market multiples are used to corroborate the results of the discounted cash flow.
in performing our annual impairment tests at december 31, 2015, we developed a range of fair values for our reporting units using a five-year discounted cash flow methodology. inherent in such fair value determinations are estimates relating to future cash flows, including revenue growth, gross margins, operating expenses and long-term growth rates, and our interpretation of current economic indicators and market conditions and their impact on our strategic plans and operations. due to the uncertainties associated with such estimates, interpretations and assumptions, actual results could differ from projected results, and further impairment of goodwill could be recorded.
significant information and assumptions utilized in estimating future cash flows for our reporting units includes publicly available industry information on projected single-family housing starts and lumber commodity prices which are used to project revenue. projected gross margins and operating expenses reflect current headcount levels and cost structure and are flexed in future years based upon historical trends at various revenue levels. long-term growth was based upon terminal value earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (ebitda) multiples of 4.5x for all reporting units to reflect the relevant expected acquisition price. a discount rate of 12.5% was used for all reporting units and is intended to reflect the weighted average cost of capital for a potential market participant and includes all risks of ownership and the associated risks of realizing the stream of projected future cash flows. decreasing the long-term growth to an ebitda multiple of 3.5x, or increasing the discount rate by 1.0% to 13.5%, would not have changed the results of our impairment testing.
at december 31, 2015, the fair values of each our reporting units were substantially in excess of their respective carrying values. the excess (or "cushion") of the implied fair value of goodwill over the carrying value of goodwill for each of our six reporting units which have remaining goodwill balances ranged from $75.0 million to $300.0 million. factors that could negatively impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and potentially trigger additional impairment include, but are not limited to, unexpected competition, lower than expected housing starts, an increase in market participant weighted average cost of capital, increases in material or labor cost, and significant declines in our market capitalization. future non-cash impairment of goodwill would have the effect of decreasing our earnings or increasing our losses in such period, but would not impact our current outstanding debt obligations or compliance with covenants contained in the related debt agreements.
deferred income taxes. we evaluate our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis to determine whether a valuation allowance is required. in accordance with the income taxes topic of the accounting standards codification ("codification") we assess whether it is more likely than not that some or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. significant judgment is required in estimating valuation allowances for deferred tax assets. the realization of a deferred tax asset ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income in the applicable carryback or carryforward periods. we consider nature, frequency, and severity of current and cumulative losses, among other matters, the reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, historical and forecasted taxable income, and tax planning strategies in our assessment. changes in our estimates of future taxable income and tax planning strategies will affect our
36
estimate of the realization of the tax benefits of these tax carryforwards. to the extent we generate sufficient taxable income in the future to fully utilize the tax benefits of the net tax deferred assets on which a valuation allowance was recorded, our effective tax rate may decrease as the valuation allowance is reversed.
poor housing market conditions have contributed to our cumulative loss position for the past several years. while we generated income in 2014, we still have a cumulative unadjusted loss for the three year period ending december 31, 2015. further, taking into consideration the historical probuild results on a proforma basis also results in a cumulative loss for the three year period ending december 31, 2015. we believe the cumulative loss position, as well as uncertainty around the extent and timing of the housing market recovery, represents significant negative evidence in considering whether our deferred tax assets are realizable. further, we do not believe that relying solely on projections of future taxable income to support the recovery of deferred tax assets is sufficient.  based on an evaluation of positive and negative evidence, we concluded that the negative evidence regarding our ability to realize our deferred tax assets outweighed the positive evidence as of december 31, 2015.
the amount of the deferred tax assets considered realizable, however, could be adjusted if estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are reduced or increased, or if objective negative evidence in the form of cumulative losses is no longer present and additional weight may be given to subjective evidence such as our projections for growth.  we currently estimate that we will likely transition into a three year cumulative income position, including an evaluation of probuild's historical results, on a rolling three year period at some time during the year ending december 31, 2016. however, there continues to be uncertainty around housing market projections and without continued improvement in housing activity, we may not reverse our cumulative loss position.  simply coming out of a cumulative loss position is not viewed as a bright line and may not be considered sufficient positive evidence to reverse some or all of the valuation allowance if there is other negative evidence. in upcoming quarters, we will closely monitor the positive and negative evidence surrounding our ability to realize our deferred tax assets.
in 2015, we recorded a valuation allowance of $9.7 million related to our continuing operations. in 2014, we reduced our valuation allowance by $7.2 million due to the utilization of net operating losses against federal and state taxable income.  in 2013, we recorded a valuation allowance of approximately $15.3 million related to our continuing operations, which is exclusive of $0.6 million related primarily to reversals of uncertain tax positions due to statute expirations that affected our net operating loss carryforward and valuation allowance.
we base our estimate of deferred tax assets and liabilities on current tax laws and rates. in certain cases, we also base our estimate on business plan forecasts and other expectations about future outcomes. changes in existing tax laws or rates could affect our actual tax results, and future business results may affect the amount of our deferred tax liabilities or the valuation of our deferred tax assets over time. due to uncertainties in the estimation process, particularly with respect to changes in facts and circumstances in future reporting periods, as well as the residential homebuilding industry's cyclicality and sensitivity to changes in economic conditions, it is possible that actual results could differ from the estimates used in previous analyses.
accounting for deferred taxes is based upon estimates of future results. differences between the anticipated and actual outcomes of these future results could have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations or financial position.
insurance. we are insured for general liability, auto liability and workers' compensation exposures, subject to deductible amounts. the expected liability for unpaid claims, including incurred but not reported losses, is determined using the assistance of a third-party actuary and is reflected on our balance sheet as an accrued liability. the amount recoverable from our insurance provider is reflected as an other asset. our accounting policy includes an internal evaluation and adjustment of our reserve for all insured losses on a quarterly basis. at least on an annual basis, we engage an external actuarial professional to independently assess and estimate the total liability outstanding, which is compared to the actual reserve balance at that time and adjusted accordingly.
stock-based compensation. calculating stock-based compensation expense requires the input of subjective assumptions. we determine the fair value of each option grant using the black-scholes option-pricing model with assumptions based primarily on historical data. specific inputs to the model include: the expected life of the stock-based awards, stock price volatility, dividend yield and risk-free rate.
the expected life represents the period of time the options are expected to be outstanding. we have used the simplified method for determining the expected life assumption due to limited historical exercise experience on our stock options. the expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of our common stock over the most recent period equal to the expected life of the option. the expected dividend yield is based on our history of not paying regular dividends in the past and our current intention to not pay regular dividends in the foreseeable future. the risk-free rate is based on the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant and has a term equal to the expected life of the options. we record expense for the unvested portion of grants over the requisite service (i.e., vesting) periods.
37
recently issued accounting standards in february 2016, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued an update to the existing guidance under leases topic. under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases, with the exception of short-term leases, at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. this update requires a modified retrospective transition as of the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. this update is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. we are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial statements.
in november 2015, the fasb issued an update to the existing guidance under the income taxes topic. the amendments in this update require that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. the current requirement that deferred tax assets and liabilities of a tax-paying component of an entity be offset and presented as a single amount is not affected by these changes. this update is effective for periods beginning after december 15, 2016 with early application permitted. the company elected to adopt this guidance in the fourth quarter of 2015. this update was applied on a prospective basis, as such prior year amounts have not been restated on a retrospective basis.
in september 2015, the fasb issued an update to the existing guidance under the business combinations topic. this update simplifies the accounting for measurement-period adjustments. the amendments in this update require that an acquirer recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. this update will be effective for all annual and interim periods beginning after december 15, 2015. the amendments in this update should be applied prospectively to adjustments to provisional amounts that occur after the effective date of this update with earlier application permitted for financial statements that have not been issued. the company elected to adopt this guidance in the fourth quarter of 2015. as such, measurement period adjustments will be recognized in the period in which they are identified.
in july 2015 the fasb issued an update to the existing guidance under the inventory topic of the codification. this update changes the subsequent measurement of inventory from lower of cost or market to lower of cost and net realizable value. this guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016. early adoption of this guidance is permitted as of the beginning of an interim or annual reporting period. this guidance requires prospective application. we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have an impact on our financial statements.
in april 2015 the fasb issued an update to the existing guidance under the interest topic of the codification. this update requires debt issuance costs to be presented on the balance sheet as a direct reduction from the carrying amount of the related debt liability instead of a deferred charge. this guidance is effective for interim and annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2015. this guidance requires retrospective application. early adoption is permitted for financial statements that have not been previously issued.  as described in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k the company elected to adopt this guidance in the third quarter of 2015.
in january 2015 the fasb issued an update to the existing guidance under the income statement topic of the codification.  this update eliminates the concept of extraordinary items and the requirement to assess whether an event or transaction is both unusual in nature and infrequent in occurrence and to separately present any such items on the statement of operations after income from continuing operations. under the updated guidance such items will either be presented as a separate component of income from continuing operations or disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. this guidance is effective for interim and annual periods beginning after december 15, 2015. early adoption is permitted provided that the guidance is applied from the beginning of the fiscal year of adoption, but not required. the guidance allows either prospective or retrospective methods of adoption. we do not currently expect that the adoption of this update will have an impact on our financial statements.
in august 2014, the fasb issued an update to the existing guidance under the presentation of financial statements topic of the codification. this update requires management to perform interim and annual assessments on whether there are conditions or events that raise substantial doubt about the entity's ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date the financial statements are issued and to provide related disclosures, if required. this new guidance is effective for the annual period ending after december 15, 2016, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. early adoption is permitted, but not required. we are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb issued an update to the existing guidance under the revenue recognition topic of the codification which is a comprehensive new revenue recognition model requiring a company to recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.  this new guidance was originally effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016.
38
however, in july 2015 the fasb approved an optional one year deferral of the effective date to annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017.  as such, this guidance will be effective for us beginning on january 1, 2018. early adoption is permitted; however, this guidance cannot be adopted earlier than the original effective date. this guidance allows either full retrospective or modified retrospective methods of adoption. we are currently evaluating the impact of this guidance on our financial statements.
