item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider each of the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k or incorporated by reference herein. based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the following information identifies the material risk factors affecting our company. however, additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
if any of the following risks and uncertainties develop into actual events, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
consolidation in the financial services industry could adversely affect our revenues by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and could make us increasingly dependent on a more limited number of clients.
there has been and continues to be merger, acquisition, and consolidation activity in the financial services industry. mergers or consolidations of financial institutions could reduce the number of our clients and potential clients. if our clients merge with or are acquired by other firms that are not our clients, or firms that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce the use of our services. in addition, it is possible that the larger financial institutions resulting from mergers or consolidations could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
a large percentage of our revenues are derived from a small number of clients in the financial services industry.
in fiscal year 2015, we derived approximately 25% of our consolidated revenues from our five largest clients and approximately 61% of the revenues of our global technology and operations segment from the 15 largest clients in that segment. our largest single client accounted for approximately 6% of our consolidated revenues. while these clients generally work with multiple business segments, the loss of business from any of these clients due to merger or consolidation, financial difficulties or bankruptcy, or the termination or non-renewal of contracts would have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. also, in the event a client experiences financial difficulties or bankruptcy resulting in a reduction in their demand for our services or loss of the client's business, in addition to losing the revenue from that client, the company would be required to write-off any investments made by the company in connection with that client, including costs incurred to set up or convert a client's systems to function with our technology. such costs represented approximately 6% of the company's total assets as of june 30, 2015.
under a number of our contracts, our clients have the opportunity to renegotiate their contracts with us and to consider whether to renew their contracts or engage one of our competitors to provide services. if we are not successful in achieving high renewal rates with favorable terms, particularly with these clients, our revenues from such renewals and the associated earnings could be negatively impacted.
14
the financial services industry has experienced increasing scrutiny by regulatory authorities in recent years and further changes in legislation or regulations may adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or may reduce our profitability.
our investor communication solutions and global technology and operations businesses are generally not directly subject to compliance with laws and regulations that are specifically applicable to financial institutions. however, as a provider of services to financial institutions and issuers of securities, our services are provided in a manner to assist our clients in complying with the laws and regulations to which they are subject. therefore, our services are particularly sensitive to changes in laws and regulations governing our clients and the securities markets.
the legislative and regulatory environment of the financial services industry has recently undergone significant change and will continue to undergo further change in the future. the sec, finra, various stock exchanges, and other u.s. and foreign governmental or regulatory authorities continuously review legislative and regulatory initiatives and may adopt new or revised laws and regulations. these legislative and regulatory initiatives may adversely affect the way in which we conduct our business and may make our business less profitable. also, changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations by those entities may adversely affect our business.
certain aspects of our u.s. operations are subject to regulatory oversight and examination by the ffiec under its regulatory authority to examine financial institutions' technology service providers. periodic examinations by the ffiec generally include areas such as data privacy, disaster recovery, information security, and vendor management to identify potential risks related to our services that could adversely affect financial institutions. a sufficiently unfavorable review from the ffiec could result in our clients not being allowed to use our services.
in addition, our business process outsourcing, mutual fund processing and transfer agency solutions as well as the entities providing those services are subject to regulatory oversight. our provision of these services must comply with applicable rules and regulations of the sec, finra, dol and various stock exchanges, and other regulatory bodies charged with safeguarding the integrity of the securities markets and other financial markets and protecting the interests of investors participating in these markets. if we fail to comply with any applicable regulations in performing those services, we could lose our clients, be subject to suits for breach of contract or to governmental proceedings, censures and fines, our reputation could be harmed and we could be limited in our ability to obtain new clients.
our business process outsourcing and mutual fund processing services are performed by bbpo, an sec registered broker-dealer and a member of finra. bbpo is subject to regulations concerning many aspects of its business, including trade practices, capital requirements, record retention, money laundering prevention, the protection of customer funds and customer securities, and the supervision of the conduct of directors, officers and employees. a failure to comply with any of these laws, rules or regulations could result in censures, fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, or the suspension or revocation of sec or finra authorization granted to allow the operation of its business or disqualification of its directors, officers or employees. our transfer agency business is subject to sec, nyse, and other federal and state laws and regulations. our ability to comply with these regulations depends largely upon the maintenance of an effective compliance system which can be time consuming and costly, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance personnel.
there has been increased public attention regarding the use of sensitive personal information, accompanied by legislation and regulations intended to strengthen data protection, information security and consumer privacy. the law in these areas continues to develop. while we believe that broadridge is compliant with its regulatory responsibilities, information security threats continue to evolve resulting in increased risk and exposure. in addition, legislation, regulation, litigation, court rulings or other events could expose broadridge to increased costs, liability, and possible damage to our reputation.
our clients in the financial services industry are subject to increasing regulation and oversight by regulators, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business or may reduce our profitability.
we provide technology solutions to a large and diverse client base in the financial services industry including retail and institutional brokerage firms, global banks, mutual funds, annuity companies, institutional investors, specialty trading firms, independent broker-dealers, clearing firms, and financial advisors. these clients are generally subject to extensive regulation in the u.s. and in other jurisdictions. the current legislative and regulatory environment may impact our clients in a way that could adversely affect us. for example, new regulations governing our clients could result in significant expenditures that could cause them to reduce their use of our services, seek to renegotiate existing agreements, or cease or curtail their operations, all of which could adversely impact our business. in addition, the financial services industry has experienced increased scrutiny in recent years and penalties and fines sought by regulatory authorities have increased accordingly. failure to comply with laws, regulations or policies could result in fines, limitations on business activity or suspension or expulsion from the industry, any of which could have a material adverse effect upon our clients. adverse regulatory actions that change our clients' businesses or adversely affect their operating results or financial condition could decrease their ability to purchase, or their demand for, our
15
products and services, thus causing loss of business from these clients. the loss of business from our largest clients could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations.
our revenues may decrease due to declines in the levels of participation and activity in the securities markets.
we generate significant revenues from the transaction processing fees we earn from our services. these revenue sources are substantially dependent on the levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. the number of unique securities positions held by investors through our clients and our clients' customer trading volumes reflect the levels of participation and activity in the markets, which are impacted by market prices, and the liquidity of the securities markets, among other factors. over the past several years, the u.s. and foreign securities markets have experienced significant volatility. sudden sharp or gradual but sustained declines in market participation and activity can result in reduced investor communications activity, including reduced proxy and event-driven communications processing such as mutual fund proxy, mergers and acquisitions and other special corporate event communications processing, and reduced trading volumes. the occurrence of any of these events would likely result in reduced revenues and decreased profitability from our business operations.
security breaches or cybersecurity attacks could adversely affect our ability to operate, could result in sensitive personal information being misappropriated, and may cause us to be held liable or suffer harm to our reputation.
we process and transfer sensitive personal information provided to us by our clients, which include financial institutions, public companies and mutual funds. we also handle sensitive personal information of our employees in connection with their employment. in certain circumstances, vendors such as our data center services provider may have access to sensitive personal information. we maintain systems and procedures including encryption, authentication technology, data loss prevention technology, denial of service mitigation technology, and transmission of data over private networks to protect against unauthorized access to physical and electronic information, including by cyber-attacks, and we require our vendors to have adequate security if they have access to personal information. however, despite those safeguards, it is possible that unauthorized individuals could improperly access our systems or improperly obtain or disclose the personal information that we process or handle.
many of our services are provided through the internet which increases our exposure to potential cybersecurity attacks. we have experienced cybersecurity threats to our information technology infrastructure and have experienced cyber-attacks, attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents, none of which have been successful. such prior events have not had a material impact on our financial condition, results of operations or liquidity. however, future threats could cause harm to our business and our reputation and challenge our ability to provide reliable service, as well as negatively impact our results of operations materially. our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all the costs related to cybersecurity attacks or disruptions resulting from such events.
it is also possible that a vendor could intentionally or inadvertently disclose personal information. any security breach resulting in the unauthorized use or disclosure of certain personal information could put individuals at risk of identity theft and financial or other harm and result in costs to the company in investigation, remediation, legal defense and in liability to parties who are financially harmed. a cybersecurity attack could also be directed at our systems and result in interruptions in our operations or delivery of services to our clients. in addition, we may incur significant costs to protect against the threat of information security breaches or to respond to or alleviate problems caused by such breaches. furthermore, a material security breach could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or cause damage to our reputation.
we purchase a significant portion of our data center services, including disaster recovery capabilities, from a third party data center services provider, and if our data center services provider fails to adequately perform the data center services in the manner necessary to meet our clients' requirements, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be harmed.
ibm provides us with data center services that include supporting our mainframe, midrange, open systems, network and data center operations, as well as disaster recovery services. as a result, we currently purchase a significant portion of our data center services, including disaster recovery capabilities, from ibm. if ibm fails to adequately perform the data center services in the manner necessary to meet our clients' requirements, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be harmed.
in the event of a disaster, our disaster recovery and business continuity plans may fail, which could result in the loss of client data and adversely interrupt operations.
our operations are dependent on our ability to protect our infrastructure against damage from catastrophe, natural disaster, or severe weather including events resulting from unauthorized security breach, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist attack, or other events that could have a significant disruptive effect on our operations. we have disaster recovery and
16
business continuity plans in place in the event of system failure due to any of these events and we test our plans regularly. in addition, our data center services provider also has disaster recovery plans and procedures in place. however, we cannot be certain that our plans, or those of our data center services provider, will be successful in the event of a disaster. if our disaster recovery or business continuity plans are unsuccessful in a disaster recovery scenario, we could potentially lose client data or experience material adverse interruptions to our operations or delivery of services to our clients, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. in addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
any slowdown or failure of our computer or communications systems or those of our data center services provider could impact our ability to provide services to our clients and support our internal operations and could subject us to liability for losses suffered by our clients or their customers.
our services depend on our ability to store, retrieve, process, and manage significant databases, and to receive and process transactions and investor communications through a variety of electronic systems such as the internet. our systems, those of our data center services provider, or any other systems with which ours interact could slow down significantly or fail for a variety of reasons, including:
•   computer viruses or undetected errors in internal software programs or computer systems;
•   direct or indirect hacking or denial of service cybersecurity attacks;
•   inability to rapidly monitor all system activity;
•   inability to effectively resolve any errors in internal software programs or computer systems once they are detected;
•   heavy stress placed on systems during peak times; or
•   power or telecommunications failure, fire, flood or any other disaster.
while we monitor system loads and performance and implement system upgrades to handle predicted increases in trading volume and volatility, we may not be able to predict future volume increases or volatility accurately or that our systems and those of our data center services provider will be able to accommodate these volume increases or volatility without failure or degradation. in addition, we may not be able to prevent cybersecurity attacks on our systems. moreover, because we have outsourced our data center operations, the operation and performance of the data center involve factors beyond our control. any significant degradation or failure of our computer systems, communications systems or any other systems in the performance of our services could cause our clients or their customers to suffer delays in their receipt of our services. these delays could cause substantial losses for our clients or their customers, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those failures. in addition, such failures could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
operational errors in the performance of our services could lead to liability for claims, client loss and result in reputational damage.
the failure to properly perform our services could result in our clients and/or certain of our subsidiaries being subjected to losses including censures, fines, or other sanctions by applicable regulatory authorities, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those errors. in addition, such errors could cause us to lose revenues, lose clients or damage our reputation.
general economic and political conditions and broad trends in business and finance that are beyond our control may contribute to reduced levels of activity in the securities markets, which could result in lower revenues from our business operations.
the number of unique securities positions held by investors through our clients, the level of investor communications activity we process on behalf of our clients, trading volumes, market prices, and liquidity of the securities markets are affected by general national and international economic and political conditions, and broad trends in business and finance that result in changes in participation and activity in the securities markets. these factors include:
•   economic, political and market conditions;
•   legislative and regulatory changes;
•   the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital;
•   the level and volatility of interest rates;
•   currency values and inflation; and
•   national, state, and local taxation levels affecting securities transactions.
17
these factors are beyond our control and may contribute to reduced levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. our revenues have historically been largely driven by transaction processing based on levels of participation and activity in the securities markets. accordingly, any significant reduction in participation and activity in the securities markets would likely result in lower revenues from our business operations.
if the operational systems and infrastructure that we depend on fail to keep pace with our growth, we may experience operating inefficiencies, client dissatisfaction and lost revenue opportunities.
the growth of our business and expansion of our client base may place a strain on our management and operations. we believe that our current and anticipated future growth will require the implementation of new and enhanced communications and information systems, the training of personnel to operate these systems, and the expansion and upgrade of core technologies. while many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional growth without redesign or replacement, we may nevertheless need to make significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate growth. in addition, we cannot assure you that we will be able to predict the timing or rate of this growth accurately or expand and upgrade our systems and infrastructure on a timely basis.
our growth has required and will continue to require increased investments in management personnel and systems, financial systems and controls, and office facilities. we cannot assure you that we will be able to manage or continue to manage our future growth successfully. if we fail to manage our growth, we may experience operating inefficiencies, dissatisfaction among our client base, and lost revenue opportunities.
if we are unable to respond to the demands of our existing and new clients, our ability to reach our revenue goals or maintain our profitability could be diminished.
the global financial services industry is characterized by increasingly complex and integrated infrastructures and products, new and changing business models and rapid technological and regulatory changes. our clients' needs and demands for our products and services evolve with these changes. our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to respond to our clients' demands for new services, capabilities and technologies on a timely and cost-effective basis, to adapt to technological advancements and changing regulatory standards, and to address our clients' increasingly sophisticated requirements.
intense competition could negatively affect our ability to maintain or increase our market share and profitability.
the markets for our products and services continue to evolve and are highly competitive. we compete with a number of firms that provide similar products and services. in addition, our securities processing solutions compete with our clients' in-house capabilities to perform competitive functions. our competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new or changing opportunities, technologies, and client requirements and may be able to undertake more extensive promotional activities, offer more attractive terms to clients and adopt more aggressive pricing policies than we will be able to offer or adopt. in addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies, including international providers of similar products and services to ours. there can be no assurances that we will be able to compete effectively with current or future competitors. if we fail to compete effectively, our market share could decrease and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially harmed.
our business, financial position, and results of operations could be harmed by adverse rating actions by credit rating agencies.
if the credit ratings of our outstanding indebtedness are downgraded, or if rating agencies indicate that a downgrade may occur, our business, financial position, and results of operations could be adversely affected and perceptions of our financial strength could be damaged. a downgrade would have the effect of increasing our borrowing costs, and could decrease the availability of funds we are able to borrow, adversely affecting our business, financial position, and results of operations. in addition, a downgrade could adversely affect our relationships with our clients. for further information with respect to our borrowing costs, see note 11, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k.
we may be unable to attract and retain key personnel.
our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain key personnel such as our senior management and other qualified personnel to conduct our business. the market for such experienced senior managers and other qualified personnel is extremely competitive. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our efforts to recruit and retain the required key personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals or our recruiting and retention costs increase significantly, our operations and financial results could be materially adversely affected.
18
the inability to identify, obtain and retain important intellectual property rights to technology could harm our business.
our success depends in part upon the development, licensing, and acquisition of systems and applications to conduct our business. our success will increasingly depend in part on our ability to identify, obtain and retain intellectual property rights to technology, both for internal use as well as for use in providing services to our clients, through internal development, acquisition, licensing from others, or alliances with others. our inability to identify, obtain and retain rights to certain technology on favorable terms and conditions would make it difficult to conduct business, or to timely introduce new and innovative products and services, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our products and services, and the products and services provided to us by third parties, may infringe upon intellectual property rights of third parties, and any infringement claims could require us to incur substantial costs, distract our management, or prevent us from conducting our business.
although we attempt to avoid infringing upon known proprietary rights of third parties, we are subject to the risk of claims alleging infringement of third party proprietary rights. if in response to a third party infringement allegation, we were to determine that we require a license to such third party's proprietary rights, then we may be unable to obtain such license on commercially reasonable terms. additionally, third parties that provide us with products or services that are integral to the conduct of our business may also be subject to similar infringement allegations from others, which could prevent such third parties from continuing to provide these products or services to us. in either of these events, we may need to undertake substantial reengineering of our products or services in order to continue offering them, and we may not succeed in doing so. in addition, any claim of infringement could cause us to incur substantial costs defending such claim, even if the claim is baseless, and could distract our management from our business. furthermore, a party asserting such an infringement claim could secure a judgment against us that requires us to pay substantial damages, grants such party injunctive relief, or grants other court ordered remedies that could prevent us from conducting our business.
acquisitions and integrating such acquisitions create certain risks and may affect operating results.
we frequently engage in, and expect to continue to engage in, business acquisitions. for example, in the last two fiscal years we have acquired six businesses. the acquisition and integration of businesses involve a number of risks. the core risks are in the areas of:
•   valuation: negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited due diligence reviews;
•   integration: managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, products, technology, and other assets so as to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition; and
•   legacy issues: protecting against actions, claims, regulatory investigations, losses, and other liabilities related to the predecessor business.
also, the process of integrating these businesses may disrupt our business and divert our resources. these risks may arise for a number of reasons including, for example:
•   finding suitable businesses to acquire at affordable valuations or on other acceptable terms;
•   competition for acquisitions from other potential acquirors;
•   incurring unforeseen obligations or liabilities in connection with such acquisitions;
•   devoting unanticipated financial and management resources to an acquired business;
•   borrowing money from lenders or selling equity or debt securities to the public to finance future acquisitions on terms that may be adverse to us;
•   entering markets where we have minimal prior experience; and
•   experiencing decreases in earnings as a result of non-cash impairment charges.
in addition, international acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example:
•   geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities;
•   integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures;
•   complying with foreign regulatory requirements;
•   enforcing intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; and
•   general economic and political conditions.
19
we operate internationally and our operations could be adversely impacted by local legal, economic, political and other conditions.
a portion of our revenue is generated outside the u.s. and in recent years, we have expanded our operations, entered strategic alliances, and acquired businesses outside the u.s. also, our business is highly dependent on the global financial services industry and exchanges and market centers around the world. changes in the laws or policies of the countries in which we operate, or inadequate enforcement of laws or policies such as those protecting intellectual property, could affect our business and the company's overall results of operations. our operations also could be affected by economic and political changes in those countries, particularly in those with developing economies, and by macroeconomic changes, including recessions, inflation and currency fluctuations between the u.s. dollar and non-u.s. currencies. in addition, our operations and our ability to deliver our services to our clients could be adversely impacted if there is instability, disruption or destruction in certain geographic regions including as a result of natural or man-made disasters, wars, terrorist activities, or any widespread outbreak of an illness, pandemic or other local or global health issue.
our mutual fund processing services may be exposed to risk from our counterparties and third parties.
in the normal course of business, our mutual fund processing services involve the settlement of transactions on behalf of our customers and third parties. with these activities, we may be exposed to risk in the event our clients, or other broker-dealers, banks, clearing organizations, or depositories are unable to fulfill contractual obligations and the mutual fund counterparty is unable to cancel the transaction.
our revenues are subject to seasonal variations because we process and distribute the greatest number of proxy materials and annual reports in our fourth fiscal quarter.
processing and distributing proxy materials and annual reports to investors in equity securities and mutual funds comprises a large portion of our investor communication solutions business. we process and distribute the greatest number of proxy materials and annual reports during our fourth fiscal quarter. the recurring periodic activity of this business is linked to significant filing deadlines imposed by law on public reporting companies and mutual funds. historically, this has caused our revenues, operating income, net earnings, and cash flows from operating activities to be higher in our fourth fiscal quarter than in any other fiscal quarter. the seasonality of our revenues makes it difficult to estimate future operating results based on the results of any specific fiscal quarter and could affect an investor's ability to compare our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows on a fiscal quarter-by-quarter basis.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations this discussion summarizes the significant factors affecting the results of operations and financial condition of broadridge during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014, and 2013 and should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included elsewhere herein. certain information contained in "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. statements that are not historical in nature and which may be identified by the use of words such as "expects," "assumes," "projects," "anticipates," "estimates," "we believe," "could be" and other words of similar meaning, are forward-looking statements. these statements are based on management's expectations and assumptions and are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed. our actual results, performance or achievements may differ materially from the results discussed in this item 7 because of various factors, including those set forth elsewhere herein. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
description of the company and business segments
23
broadridge is a leading global provider of investor communications and technology-driven solutions to banks, broker-dealers, mutual funds and corporate issuers. our services include investor communications, securities processing, and data and analytics solutions. in short, we provide the infrastructure that helps the financial services industry operate. with over 50 years of experience, we provide financial services firms with advanced, dependable, scalable and cost-effective integrated systems. our systems help reduce the need for clients to make significant capital investments in operations infrastructure, thereby allowing them to increase their focus on core business activities. our operations are classified into two business segments: investor communication solutions and global technology and operations. in the second quarter of fiscal year 2015, we changed the name of our securities processing solutions business segment to global technology and operations.
investor communication solutions a large portion of our investor communication solutions business involves the processing and distribution of proxy materials to investors in equity securities and mutual funds, as well as the facilitation of related vote processing. proxyedge, our innovative electronic proxy delivery and voting solution for institutional investors and financial advisors, helps ensure the voting participation of the largest stockholders of many companies. we also provide the distribution of regulatory reports and corporate action/reorganization event information, as well as tax reporting solutions that help our clients meet their regulatory compliance needs.
our advisor solutions enable financial and wealth advisors, and insurance agents to better support their customers through the creation of sales and educational content, including seminars and a library of financial planning topics as well as customer communications solutions such as customizable advisor websites, search engine marketing and electronic and print newsletters. our advisor solutions also help advisors optimize their practice management through customer data aggregation, reporting and cloud-based marketing tools.
in addition, we provide financial information distribution and transaction reporting services to both financial institutions and securities issuers. these services include the processing and distribution of account statements and trade confirmations, traditional and personalized document fulfillment and content management services, marketing communications, and imaging, archival and workflow solutions that enable and enhance our clients' communications with investors. all of these communications are delivered through paper or electronic channels. in addition, we provide corporate issuers with registered proxy services as well as registrar, stock transfer and record-keeping services.
global technology and operations we offer a suite of advanced computerized real-time transaction processing services that automate the securities transaction lifecycle, from desktop productivity tools, data aggregation, performance reporting, and portfolio management to order capture and execution, trade confirmation, settlement, and accounting. our services help financial institutions efficiently and cost-effectively consolidate their books and records, gather and service assets under management, focus on their core businesses, and manage risk. our multi-currency solutions support real-time global trading of equity, fixed income, mutual fund, foreign exchange, and exchange traded derivative securities in established and emerging markets. in addition, our managed services solution allows broker-dealers to outsource certain administrative functions relating to clearing and settlement and asset servicing, while maintaining their ability to finance and capitalize their businesses.
acquisitions assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations were recorded on the company's consolidated balance sheets as of the respective acquisition dates based upon their estimated fair values at such dates. the results of operations of businesses acquired by the company were included in the company's consolidated statements of earnings since their respective dates of acquisition. the excess of the purchase price over the estimated fair values of the underlying assets acquired and liabilities assumed was allocated to goodwill.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, the company acquired three businesses in the investor communication solutions segment:
direxxis llc in march 2015, the company acquired direxxis llc, a provider of cloud-based marketing solutions and services for financial advisors. the aggregate purchase price was $34.5 million, consisting of $33.3 million of cash payments as well as a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $1.2 million.
trade processing business of wilmington trust retirement and institutional services ("wtris")
24
in april 2015, the company acquired the trade processing business of the wtris unit of m&t bank corporation. the acquired business is being combined with broadridge's mutual fund and etf trade processing platform. the aggregate purchase price was $73.2 million, consisting of $61.0 million of cash payments as well as a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $12.2 million.
fiduciary services and competitive intelligence unit of thomson reuters' lipper division ("fsci")
in june 2015, the company acquired fsci, now known as broadridge fund information services, from thomson reuters' lipper division. the acquisition expands the company's enterprise data and analytics solutions for mutual fund manufacturers, etf issuers, and fund administrators, adding new global data and research capabilities. the purchase price was $77.0 million.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, the company acquired one business in the global technology and operations segment:
twofour systems llc in december 2014, the company acquired twofour systems llc, now known as broadridge fx and liquidity solutions, a provider of real-time foreign exchange solutions for banks and broker-dealers. the aggregate purchase price was $32.7 million, consisting of $31.6 million of cash payments as well as a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $1.1 million.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, the company acquired two businesses in the investor communication solutions segment:
bonaire software solutions, llc in july 2013, the company acquired bonaire software solutions, llc ("bonaire"), a leading provider of fee calculation, billing, and revenue and expense management solutions for asset managers including institutional asset managers, wealth managers, mutual funds, bank trusts, hedge funds and capital markets firms. the aggregate purchase price was $37.6 million, consisting of $37.1 million of cash payments as well as a contingent consideration liability with an acquisition date fair value of $0.5 million.
emerald connect, llc in february 2014, the company acquired emerald connect llc ("emerald"), a leading provider of websites and related communications solutions for financial advisors. the purchase price was $59.8 million, net of cash acquired.
there were no acquisitions in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013.
basis of presentation the consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. ("gaap"). these financial statements present the consolidated position of the company. these financial statements include the entities in which the company directly or indirectly has a controlling financial interest and various entities in which the company has investments recorded under both the cost and equity methods of accounting. intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated.
in presenting the consolidated financial statements, management makes estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported and related disclosures. estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment and available information. accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates. in management's opinion, the consolidated financial statements contain all normal recurring adjustments necessary for a fair presentation of results reported. the results of operations reported for the periods presented are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for subsequent periods.
critical accounting policies we continually evaluate the accounting policies and estimates used to prepare the consolidated financial statements. the estimates, by their nature, are based on judgment, available information, and historical experience and are believed to be reasonable. however, actual amounts and results could differ from these estimates made by management. certain accounting policies that require significant management estimates and are deemed critical to our results of operations or financial position are discussed below.
goodwill. we review the carrying value of all our goodwill in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") no. 350, "intangibles-goodwill and other" ("asc no. 350"), by comparing the carrying value of our reporting units to their fair values. we are required to perform this comparison at least annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate possible impairment. when determining fair value, we utilize a discounted future cash flow approach using various
25
assumptions, including projections of revenues based on assumed long-term growth rates, estimated costs and appropriate discount rates based on the particular business' weighted-average cost of capital. the principal factors used in the discounted cash flow analysis requiring judgment are the projected future operating cash flows, the weighted-average cost of capital and the terminal value growth rate assumptions. the weighted-average cost of capital takes into account the relative weights of each component of our consolidated capital structure (equity and long-term debt). our estimates of long-term growth and costs are based on historical data, various internal estimates and a variety of external sources, and are developed as part of our routine, long-range planning process. changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in future periods. we had $970.5 million of goodwill as of june 30, 2015. given the significance of our goodwill, an adverse change to the fair value could result in an impairment charge, which could be material to our earnings.
the company performs a sensitivity analysis under step 1 of the goodwill impairment test as prescribed in asc no. 350, assuming hypothetical reductions in the fair values of our reporting units. a 10% change in our estimates of projected future operating cash flows, discount rates, or terminal value growth rates used in our calculations of the fair values of the reporting units would not result in an impairment of our goodwill.
income taxes. we account for income taxes in accordance with asc no. 740, "income taxes," which establishes financial accounting and reporting standards for the effect of income taxes. the objectives of accounting for income taxes are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax liabilities and assets for the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in an entity's financial statements or tax returns. judgment is required in addressing the future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in our consolidated financial statements or tax returns (e.g., realization of deferred tax assets, changes in tax laws or interpretations thereof). the company is subject to regular examination of its income tax returns by the u.s. federal, state and foreign tax authorities. a change in the assessment of the outcomes of such matters could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. as of june 30, 2015, we had estimated foreign net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $14.1 million, of which $0.5 million expires in 2017 through 2027, and $13.6 million which has an indefinite utilization period. in addition, the company has estimated u.s. federal net operating loss carryforwards of approximately $37.4 million, which expire in 2015 through 2030.
valuation allowances are recognized to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that the company will not be able to utilize the deferred tax assets attributable to net operating and capital loss carryforwards of certain subsidiaries to offset future taxable earnings. the company has recorded valuation allowances of $9.2 million and $10.9 million at june 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the determination as to whether a deferred tax asset will be recognized is made on a jurisdictional basis and is based on the evaluation of historical taxable income or loss, projected future taxable income, carryforward periods, scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities and tax planning strategies. projected future taxable income is based on expected results and assumptions as to the jurisdiction in which the income will be earned. the assumptions used to project future taxable income requires significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates used to manage the underlying businesses.
share-based payments. asc no. 718 "compensation-stock compensation" requires the measurement of stock-based compensation expense based on the fair value of the award on the date of grant. we determine the fair value of stock options issued by using a binomial option-pricing model. the binomial option-pricing model considers a range of assumptions related to volatility, dividend yield, risk-free interest rate and employee exercise behavior. expected volatilities utilized in the binomial option-pricing model are based on a combination of implied market volatilities, historical volatility of our stock price and other factors. similarly, the dividend yield is based on historical experience and expected future changes. the risk-free rate is derived from the u.s. treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant. the binomial option-pricing model also incorporates exercise and forfeiture assumptions based on an analysis of historical data. the expected life of the stock option grants is derived from the output of the binomial model and represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. determining these assumptions are subjective and complex, and therefore, a change in the assumptions utilized could impact the calculation of the fair value of our stock options. a hypothetical change of five percentage points applied to the volatility assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2015 stock option grants would result in approximately a $2.3 million change in total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2015 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical change of one year in the expected life assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2015 stock option grants would result in approximately a $0.5 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2015 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical change of one percentage point in the forfeiture rate assumption used for the fiscal year 2015 stock option grants would result in approximately a $0.1 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2015 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period. a hypothetical one-half percentage point change in the dividend yield assumption used to determine the fair value of the fiscal year 2015 stock option grants would result in approximately a $1.0 million change in the total pre-tax stock-based compensation expense for the fiscal year 2015 grants, which would be amortized over the vesting period.
26
ibm information technology services agreements in march 2010, the company and international business machines corporation ("ibm") entered into an information technology services agreement (the "it services agreement"), under which ibm provides certain aspects of the company's information technology infrastructure. under the it services agreement, ibm provides a broad range of technology services to the company including supporting its mainframe, midrange, open systems, network and data center operations, as well as providing disaster recovery services. the company has the option of incorporating additional services into the agreement over time. the migration of data center processing to ibm was completed in august 2012. the it services agreement would have expired on june 30, 2022. in march 2015, the company signed a two-year extension to the it services agreement which expires on june 30, 2024. the company has the right to renew the term of the it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month term.
during the course of the migration to ibm, the company incurred total migration costs of $85.6 million as part of establishing an operable ibm data center. we expensed $24.6 million of these costs in fiscal year 2012 and $6.3 million in fiscal year 2011. in addition, we capitalized $54.7 million of these costs and have amortized $16.4 million through june 30, 2015. for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014, and 2013, the company recorded expenses of $95.3 million, $95.7 million and $96.3 million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of earnings related to this agreement.
in march 2014, the company and ibm united kingdom limited ("ibm uk") entered into an information technology services agreement (the "eu it services agreement"), under which ibm uk provides data center services supporting the company's technology outsourcing services for certain clients in europe and asia. the eu it services agreement expires in october 2023. the company has the right to renew the initial term of the eu it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month term or one additional 24-month term.
for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, and 2014, the company recorded expenses of $4.6 million and $1.5 million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of earnings related to this agreement. the company capitalized $5.6 million related to the build-out of the ibm uk data center in other non-current assets, with $0.4 million amortized into expense in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015.
results of operations the following discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments refer to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, and the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the analysis of consolidated statements of earnings should be read in conjunction with the analysis of reportable segments, which provides more detailed discussions concerning certain components of the consolidated statements of earnings.
the following references are utilized in the discussions of analysis of consolidated statements of earnings and analysis of reportable segments:
"acquisition amortization and other costs" represents amortization charges associated with intangible asset values as well as other deal costs associated with the company's acquisitions.
"net new business" refers to recurring revenue from closed sales less recurring revenue from client losses.
"restructuring charges" refers to severance costs, facility exit costs, reorganization costs, the impact of system development costs for apex clearing holdings llc and the canadian subsidiary of penson worldwide, inc., and costs to restructure and outsource certain processing related to our desktop applications.
the following definitions describe the company's revenues:
fee revenues in the investor communication solutions segment are derived from both recurring and event-driven activity. in addition, the level of recurring and event-driven activity we process directly impacts distribution revenues. while event-driven activity is highly repeatable, it may not recur on an annual basis. the types of services we provide that comprise event-driven activity are:
•   mutual fund proxy: the proxy and related services we provide to mutual funds when certain events occur requiring a shareholder vote including changes in directors, sub-advisors, fee structures, investment restrictions, and mergers of funds.
•   mutual fund communications: mutual fund communications services consist primarily of the distribution on behalf of mutual funds of supplemental information required to be provided to the annual mutual fund prospectus as a result
27
of certain triggering events such as a change in portfolio managers. in addition, mutual fund communications consist of notices and marketing materials such as newsletters.
•   proxy contests and special events, corporate actions, and other: the proxy services we provide in connection with shareholder meetings driven by special events such as proxy contests, mergers and acquisitions, and tender/exchange offers.
event-driven fee revenues are based on the number of special events and corporate transactions we process. event-driven activity is impacted by financial market conditions and changes in regulatory compliance requirements, resulting in fluctuations in the timing and levels of event-driven fee revenues. as such, the timing and level of event-driven activity and its potential impact on revenues and earnings are difficult to forecast.
generally, mutual fund proxy activity has been subject to a greater level of volatility than the other components of event-driven activity. during fiscal year 2015, mutual fund proxy fee revenues were 2% lower than the prior fiscal year while during fiscal years 2014 and 2013, mutual fund proxy revenues were 31% and 54% higher, respectively, than the prior fiscal year. although it is difficult to forecast the levels of event-driven activity, we expect that the portion of fee revenues derived from mutual fund proxy activity may continue to experience volatility in the future.
distribution revenues primarily include revenues related to the physical mailing of proxy materials, interim communications, transaction reporting, and fulfillment services as well as matrix financial solutions, inc. ("matrix") administrative services.
distribution cost of revenues consists primarily of postage-related expenses incurred in connection with our investor communication solutions segment as well as matrix shareholder services fees. these costs are reflected in cost of revenues.
closed sales represent anticipated revenues for new client contracts that were signed by broadridge during the periods referenced. a sale is considered closed when the company has received the signed client contract. for recurring revenue closed sales, the amount of the closed sale is generally a reasonable estimate of annual revenues based on client volumes or activity, excluding pass-through revenues such as distribution revenues. event-driven revenue closed sales primarily occur in our investor communication solutions segment. the amount of the event-driven revenue closed sale is generally a reasonable estimate of production revenues based on client volumes or activity, excluding pass-through revenues such as distribution revenues. broadridge's determination of the amount of a closed sale is based on the client's estimate of transaction volumes and activity levels, as our fees are largely based on transaction volume and activity levels. the inherent variability of transaction volumes and activity levels can result in some variability of amounts reported as closed sales. larger recurring revenue closed sales can take up to 12 to 24 months to convert to revenues, particularly for the services provided by our global technology and operations segment. the majority of event-driven revenue closed sales are usually recognized during the year the contract is signed.
the company tracks actual revenue achieved during the first year that the client contract is fully implemented and compares this to the amount that was included in the company's previously reported closed sales amount. the company adjusts the current year closed sales amount for any difference between the prior year's reported closed sales amount and the actual revenue achieved in the first year of the applicable contract. closed sales were adjusted by $(3.1) million, $(0.8) million and $(5.9) million for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. recurring revenue closed sales were adjusted by $(2.9) million, $(1.0) million and $(6.5) million for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. event-driven revenue closed sales were adjusted by $(0.2) million, $0.2 million and $0.6 million for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
analysis of consolidated statements of earnings fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014
the table below presents consolidated statements of earnings data for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods:
28
years ended june 30,
2015                                                                                  2014                                    change
($)                 (%)
($ in millions, except for per share amounts)
revenues                                          $2,694.2                  $2,558.0                  $136.2                 5
cost of revenues                                   1,828.2                   1,761.4                    66.8                 4
selling, general and administrative expenses         396.8                     376.0                    20.8                 6
other expenses, net                                   30.3                      25.1                     5.2                21
total expenses                                     2,255.3                   2,162.5                    92.8                 4
earnings before income taxes                         438.9                     395.5                    43.4                11
margin                                                16.3     %                15.5     %                                 0.8   pts provision for income taxes                           151.8                     132.5                    19.3                15
effective tax rate                                    34.6     %                33.5     %                                 1.1   pts net earnings                                        $287.1                    $263.0                   $24.1                 9
basic earnings per share                             $2.39                     $2.20                   $0.19                 9
diluted earnings per share                           $2.32                     $2.12                   $0.20                 9
revenues. revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $2,694.2 million, an increase of $136.2 million, or 5%, compared to $2,558.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the $136.2 million increase was driven by increased recurring fee revenues of $98.9 million or 6%, increased distribution revenues of $44.9 million or 6% and increased event-driven fee revenues of $17.2 million or 11%. the positive contribution from recurring fee revenues reflected gains from net new business (3pts), contributions from acquisitions (2pts) and internal growth (1pt). fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted revenues by $24.8 million.
closed sales for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $221.5 million, an increase of $42.4 million, or 24%, compared to $179.1 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. recurring revenue closed sales for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $146.4 million, an increase of $19.4 million, or 15%, compared to $127.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. event-driven closed sales for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $75.1 million, an increase of $23.0 million, or 44%, compared to $52.1 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014.
total expenses. total expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $2,255.3 million, an increase of $92.8 million compared to $2,162.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. cost of revenues were higher by $66.8 million, or 4%, selling, general and administrative expenses were higher by $20.8 million, or 6% and other expenses, net were higher by $5.2 million or 21%.
cost of revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $1,828.2 million, an increase of $66.8 million, compared to $1,761.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the increase reflects higher distribution cost of revenues of $42.4 million driven mostly by the increase in distribution revenues, higher costs related to acquisitions of $21.6 million and higher variable expenses driven primarily by the increase in recurring and event-driven fee revenues, partially offset by lower strategic initiative spend. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased cost of fee revenues by $20.0 million due to the strengthening of the u.s. dollar.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $396.8 million, an increase of $20.8 million, or 6%, compared to $376.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the increase was primarily related to higher costs related to acquisitions of $10.0 million, higher selling and marketing expenses of $7.4 million as the company continued to focus on increasing its sales capabilities, higher commissions of $6.3 million due to the growth in closed sales as discussed above, a $3.4 million change in the fair value of our obligations under contingent acquisition consideration arrangements, and a $2.9 million increase in costs related to corporate staffing changes in the current year, partially offset by lower strategic initiative spend.
other expenses, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $30.3 million, an increase of $5.2 million, compared to $25.1 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the increase was primarily due to $5.5 million of losses from equity method investments and higher interest expenses on our long-term borrowings of $1.7 million, slightly offset by a $1.0 million increase in interest income.
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $438.9 million, an increase of $43.4 million, or 11%, compared to $395.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the increase is
29
mainly due to the contributions from the growth in revenues and operating leverage, both of which improved pre-tax margins from 15.5% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 to 16.3% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rates for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $151.8 million and 34.6%, respectively, compared to $132.5 million and 33.5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, respectively. the increase in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2015 being less than the cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2014. the cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2015 primarily related to the release of various tax reserves related to certain foreign, u.s. federal and state income taxes due to audit settlements and the expiration of certain audit periods, and  the recognition of u.s. federal research and development credits based on the december 2014 legislative reinstatement of this credit for calendar year 2014 which collectively resulted in a net decrease to the effective tax rate of approximately 50 basis points. in fiscal year 2014 the cumulative tax benefits resulted in a net 85 basis point decrease to the effective tax rate. in addition to the lower cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2015 when compared to 2014, the change in the effective tax rate was also negatively impacted by the geographical mix of income. in general, the company's foreign earnings are subject to a lower corporate income tax rates relative to the tax rate applied against u.s. income. in fiscal year 2015, the company's foreign earnings were approximately 17% of total company earnings before income taxes as compared to fiscal year 2014 when the company's foreign earnings were approximately 22% of total company earnings before income taxes.
net earnings and basic and diluted earnings per share. net earnings for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $287.1 million, an increase of $24.1 million, or 9%, compared to $263.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the increase in net earnings reflects higher revenues, and improvement in pre-tax margins as discussed above.
basic and diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $2.39, an increase of $0.19, or 9%, and $2.32, an increase of $0.20, or 9%, respectively, compared to $2.20 and $2.12 for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, respectively.
fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013
the table below presents consolidated statements of earnings data for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2014 and 2013, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods:
years ended june 30,
2014                      2013                                           change
($)                       (%)
($ in millions, except for per share amounts)
revenues                                              $2,558.0                  $2,430.8                  $127.2                  5
cost of revenues                                       1,761.4                   1,767.8                    (6.4     )            -
selling, general and administrative expenses             376.0                     323.6                    52.4                 16
other expenses, net                                       25.1                      16.2                     8.9                 55
total expenses                                         2,162.5                   2,107.6                    54.9                  3
earnings before income taxes                             395.5                     323.2                    72.3                 22
margin                                                    15.5     %                13.3     %                                  2.2         pts provision for income taxes                               132.5                     111.1                    21.4                 19
effective tax rate                                        33.5     %                34.4     %                                 (0.9     )   pts net earnings                                            $263.0                    $212.1                   $50.9                 24
basic earnings per share                                 $2.20                     $1.74                   $0.46                 26
diluted earnings per share                               $2.12                     $1.69                   $0.43                 25
revenues. revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $2,558.0 million, an increase of $127.2 million, or 5%, compared to $2,430.8 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the $127.2 million increase was driven by higher recurring fee revenues of $131.2 million, higher distribution revenues of $9.7 million and higher event-driven fee revenues of $0.1 million. the positive contribution from recurring fee revenues reflected higher net new business, internal growth and acquisitions. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates unfavorably impacted revenues by $13.7 million.
closed sales for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $179.1 million, an increase of $21.6 million, or 14%, compared to $157.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. recurring revenue closed sales for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $127.0 million, an increase of $6.2 million, or 5%, compared to $120.8 million for the fiscal year ended june 30,
30
2013. event-driven closed sales for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $52.1 million, an increase of $15.4 million, or 42%, compared to $36.7 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013.
total expenses. total expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $2,162.5 million, an increase of $54.9 million compared to $2,107.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the increase reflects higher selling, general and administrative expenses of $52.4 million, or 16%, higher other expenses, net of $8.9 million or 55%, partially offset by lower cost of revenues of $6.4 million.
cost of revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $1,761.4 million, a decrease of $6.4 million, compared to $1,767.8 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the decrease reflects lower restructuring charges of $9.6 million, savings related to the migration of the data center to ibm of $6.3 million and lower distribution cost of revenues of $1.2 million, offset by $12.3 million of higher costs related to acquisitions, higher investment spend of $10.9 million and a $5.0 million increase in performance based compensation expense. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased cost of fee revenues by $10.3 million. higher variable expenses were more than offset by savings from operating leverage and improved productivity from strategic initiatives.
selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $376.0 million, an increase of $52.4 million, or 16%, compared to $323.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the 16% increase was primarily due to higher performance based compensation expense of $23.4 million, higher investment spend of $16.3 million, higher sales and marketing expense of $8.0 million and higher costs related to acquisitions of $6.1 million partially offset by a $3.3 million adjustment due to a decrease in the fair value of our obligations under contingent acquisition consideration arrangements.
other expenses, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $25.1 million, an increase of $8.9 million, compared to $16.2 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the increased loss was primarily due to higher interest expenses on our long-term borrowings of $10.0 million. fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates decreased other expenses, net by $0.5 million.
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $395.5 million, an increase of $72.3 million, or 22%, compared to $323.2 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the increase is mainly due to higher revenues and operating leverage coupled with the positive impact of improved productivity from strategic initiatives. pre-tax margin increased from 13.3% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 to 15.5% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014.
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes and the effective tax rates for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $132.5 million and 33.5%, respectively, compared to $111.1 million and 34.4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, respectively. the decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily attributable to the cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2014 exceeding the cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2013. the cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2014 primarily related to the release of a valuation allowance for a net operating loss carryforward in a foreign tax jurisdiction, and the release of various tax reserves related to certain foreign, u.s. federal and state income taxes due to audit settlements and the expiration of certain audit periods which resulted in a decrease to the effective tax rate of approximately 115 basis points. in addition, the effective tax rate was also positively affected by approximately 30 basis points due to the characterization of a $3.3 million decrease in the fair value of obligations under contingent acquisition consideration arrangements as a deductible permanent tax item. offsetting these positive benefits were various non-deductible permanent tax items that negatively impacted the tax rate by approximately 60 basis points. the cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2013 primarily consisted of the recognition of a previous period's foreign tax credits. in addition to the higher cumulative tax benefits in fiscal year 2014, the change in the effective tax rate was marginally positively impacted by the geographical mix of income. in general, the company's foreign earnings are subject to a lower corporate income tax rate relative to the tax rate applied against u.s. income. in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, there was no material change in foreign earnings as a percentage of total net earnings when compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 3013. the geographical mix of income may impact the effective tax rate in future periods as the geographical mix of the company's business changes.
net earnings and basic and diluted earnings per share. net earnings for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $263.0 million, an increase of $50.9 million, or 24%, compared to $212.1 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the increase in net earnings reflects higher revenues, increased pre-tax margins from higher margin revenue business and the positive impact of improved productivity from strategic initiatives.
basic and diluted earnings per share for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $2.20, an increase of $0.46, or 26%, and $2.12, an increase of $0.43, or 25%, respectively, compared to $1.74 and $1.69 for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, respectively.
31
analysis of reportable segments broadridge has two reportable operating business segments: (1) investor communication solutions and (2) global technology and operations (formerly known as securities processing solutions). the primary components of "other" are the elimination of intersegment revenues and profits as well as certain unallocated expenses. foreign exchange is a reconciling item between the actual foreign exchange rates and budgeted foreign exchange rates.
certain corporate expenses, as well as certain centrally managed expenses, are allocated based upon budgeted amounts in a reasonable manner. because the company compensates the management of its various businesses on, among other factors, segment profit, the company may elect to record certain segment-related expense items in other rather than reflect such items in segment profit.
in connection with an organizational change made in 2014 in order to further align and enhance our portfolio of services, certain discrete services that were previously reported in our global technology and operations reportable segment are now reported within the investor communication solutions reportable segment. as a result, our prior period segment results have been revised to reflect this change in reporting segments.
revenues years ended june 30,       change
2015 vs. 2014                                                                         2014 vs. 2013
2015                                                                   2014                    2013       $                           %                      $          %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions      $2,030.2                $1,881.0                $1,776.1            $149.2                      8          $104.9             6
global technology and operations         692.5                   680.7                   644.6        11.8                            2            36.1             6
other                                        -                       -                     0.1            -                                        (0.1   )      (100   )
foreign currency exchange                (28.5    )               (3.7    )               10.0            (24.8           )         670           (13.7   )      (137   )
revenues                              $2,694.2                $2,558.0                $2,430.8            $136.2                      5          $127.2             5
earnings (loss) before income taxes years ended june 30,                                                                    change
2015 vs. 2014                                                                        2014 vs. 2013
2015                                                               2014                  2013                                $         %                     $        %
($ in millions)
investor communication solutions      $381.4                $336.3                $303.2                     $45.1                13             $33.1           11
global technology and operations       120.3                 118.8                  84.1                       1.5                 1              34.7           41
other                                  (73.5    )            (75.3    )            (80.3    )                  1.8                (2   )           5.0           (6   )
foreign currency exchange               10.7                  15.7                  16.2                      (5.0       )       (32   )          (0.5   )       (3   )
earnings before income taxes          $438.9                $395.5                $323.2                     $43.4                11             $72.3           22
investor communication solutions revenues years ended june 30,                                                         change
2015 vs. 2014                                                          2014 vs. 2013
2015                                                         2014                   2013                               $   %                      $   %
($ in millions)
recurring fee revenues      $1,048.1                  $961.0                  $865.9                   $87.1               9           $95.1         11
event-driven revenues          172.8                   155.6                   155.5                    17.2              11             0.1          -
distribution revenues          809.3                   764.4                   754.7                    44.9               6             9.7          1
revenues                    $2,030.2                $1,881.0                $1,776.1                  $149.2               8          $104.9          6
32
fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014
revenues. investor communication solutions segment's revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $2,030.2 million, an increase of $149.2 million, or 8%, compared to $1,881.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. recurring fee revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $1,048.1 million, an increase of $87.1 million, or 9%, compared to $961.0 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 and event-driven fee revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $172.8 million compared to $155.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. distribution revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $809.3 million, an increase of $44.9 million, or 6%, compared to $764.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014.
recurring fee revenue growth of 9% was the result of contributions from net new business (3 pts) from increases in revenue from closed sales, internal growth driven by market-based activities (3 pts), and contributions from our recent acquisitions (3 pts). position growth, a component of internal growth, for mutual fund interim and annual equity proxy communications, was 8% and 7%, respectively, as compared to the same period in the prior year. higher event-driven fee revenues were the result of increased equity proxy specials and contests.
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $381.4 million, an increase of $45.1 million, or 13%, compared to $336.3 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. pre-tax margins increased by 0.9 percentage points to 18.8% mainly due to contributions from the growth in revenues more than offsetting higher selling, general and administrative expenses from acquisitions, the continued expansion of our sales capabilities, higher commissions due to growth in closed sales, and losses from equity method investments.
fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013
revenues. investor communication solutions segment's revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $1,881.0 million, an increase of $104.9 million, or 6%, compared to $1,776.1 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. recurring fee revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $961.0 million, an increase of $95.1 million, or 11%, compared to $865.9 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 and event-driven fee revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $155.6 million compared to $155.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. higher recurring fee revenues were driven by internal growth and net new business. position growth for mutual fund interim communications and annual equity proxy communications were positive 11% and 8%, respectively, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the same period in the prior year. our internal growth reflects an increase in favorable position growth and fulfillment related market activity. distribution revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $764.4 million, an increase of $9.7 million, or 1%, compared to $754.7 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013.
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $336.3 million, an increase of $33.1 million, or 11%, compared to $303.2 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, primarily due to higher recurring fee revenues. margin increased by 80 basis points from 17.1% to 17.9%.
global technology and operations fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014
revenues. global technology and operations segment's revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $692.5 million, an increase of $11.8 million, or 2%, compared to $680.7 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the 2% increase was attributable to higher net new business (2 pts) from increases in revenue from closed sales and contributions from our recent acquisition (1 pt). this was partially offset by lower internal growth (-1 pt) due to contract renewals and other equity services.
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $120.3 million, an increase of $1.5 million, or 1%, compared to $118.8 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. pre-tax margins decreased by 10 basis points from 17.5% to 17.4% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as a result of higher commissions due to growth in closed sales, continued expansion of our sales capabilities, incremental costs from our recent acquisition and lower contributions from the increase in revenues, partially offset by lower strategic initiative spend.
fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013
revenues. global technology and operations segment's revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $680.7 million, an increase of $36.1 million, or 6%, compared to $644.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the increase was the result of higher net new business.
33
earnings before income taxes. earnings before income taxes for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $118.8 million, an increase of $34.7 million, or 41%, compared to $84.1 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. pre-tax margins increased by 450 basis points from 13.0% to 17.5% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as a result of operating leverage and improved productivity from strategic initiatives.
other fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014
revenues. there were no significant reportable revenues in our other segment for the periods presented.
loss before income taxes. loss before income taxes was $73.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, a decrease of $1.8 million, compared to $75.3 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the decreased loss was mainly due to a $7.6 million decrease in performance based compensation and benefits expense, partially offset by a $3.4 million change in the fair value of our obligations under contingent acquisition consideration arrangements and a $2.2 million increase in acquisition related expenses.
fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013
revenues. there were no significant reportable revenues in our other segment for the periods presented.
loss before income taxes. loss before income taxes was $75.3 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, a decrease of $5.0 million, compared to $80.3 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the decreased loss was mainly due to a $18.6 million decline in restructuring charges and a $3.3 million decrease in the fair value of our obligations under contingent acquisition consideration arrangements, offset by a $8.5 million increase in performance based compensation and benefits and higher interest expense on our long-term borrowings of $10.0 million.
explanation and reconciliation of the company's use of non-gaap financial measures the company's results in this annual report on form 10-k are presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap") except where otherwise noted. in certain circumstances, results have been presented that are not generally accepted accounting principles measures ("non-gaap"). these non-gaap financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the company's reported results.
with regard to statements in this annual report on form 10-k that include certain non-gaap financial measures, the adjusted earnings measures are adjusted to exclude the impact of certain costs, expenses, gains and losses and other specified items that management believes are not indicative of our ongoing performance.
we also provide information on our free cash flows because we believe this information helps our investors understand the amount of cash available for dividends, share repurchases, acquisitions and other discretionary investments. free cash flows is a non-gaap measure and is defined by the company as net cash flows provided by operating activities less capital expenditures and purchases of intangibles.
the company believes non-gaap financial information helps investors understand the effect of these items on our reported results and provides a better representation of our operating performance. these non-gaap measures are indicators that management uses to provide additional meaningful comparisons between our current results and prior reported results, and as a basis for planning and forecasting for future periods.
set forth below is a reconciliation of such non-gaap measures (unaudited) to the most directly comparable gaap measures:
34
years ended june 30,
2015                2014                2013
($ in millions)
adjusted net earnings (non-gaap)                             $306.9              $279.0                 $236.0
adjustments:
acquisition amortization and other costs, net of taxes       (19.8       )       (16.0       )           (15.3   )
restructuring charges, net of taxes                          -                   -                       (13.0   )
discrete tax items                                           -                   -               4.4
net earnings (gaap)                                          $287.1              $263.0                 $212.1
years ended june 30,
2015              2014                         2013
adjusted diluted earnings per share (non-gaap)                 $2.47             $2.25             $1.88
adjustments:
acquisition amortization and other costs, net of taxes         (0.16   )         (0.13   )         (0.12   )
restructuring charges, net of taxes                                -                 -             (0.10   )
discrete tax items                                                 -                 -              0.03
diluted earnings per share (gaap)                              $2.32             $2.12             $1.69
note: amounts may not sum due to rounding.
years ended june 30,
2015   2014                2013
($ in millions)
free cash flows (non-gaap)                                      $365.4              $334.3              $220.0
adjustment:
capital expenditures and purchases of intangibles                 66.0       53.4                50.9
net cash flows provided by operating activities (gaap)          $431.4              $387.7              $270.9
financial condition, liquidity and capital resources at june 30, 2015 and 2014, cash and cash equivalents were $324.1 million and $347.6 million, respectively. total stockholders' equity was $927.8 million and $961.7 million at june 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. at june 30, 2015, net working capital was $352.5 million, compared to $396.2 million at june 30, 2014. at the current time, and in future periods, we expect cash generated by our operations, together with existing cash, cash equivalents and borrowings from the capital markets, to be sufficient to cover cash needs for working capital, capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, dividends and common stock repurchases.
as of june 30, 2015, $209.1 million of the $324.1 million of cash and cash equivalents was held by our foreign subsidiaries, and $42.7 million of cash and cash equivalents were held by regulated entities. we expect existing domestic cash, cash equivalents, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our domestic operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities, such as regular quarterly dividends, debt repayment schedules, and material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. in addition, we expect existing foreign cash, cash equivalents, and cash flows from operations to continue to be sufficient to fund our foreign operating activities and cash commitments for investing activities, such as material capital expenditures, for at least the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. if these funds are needed for our operations in the u.s., we would be required to accrue and pay u.s. taxes to repatriate these funds. however, our current plans do not demonstrate a need to repatriate them to fund our u.s. operations, as we consider these funds to be permanently reinvested outside the u.s.
on december 28, 2012, broadridge, the irs and the canada revenue agency entered into an advance pricing agreement ("apa") relating to tax years 2007 through 2012. under the apa, a net $50.0 million of cash was transferred from two of the
35
company's canadian subsidiaries to the broadridge u.s. parent company during the company's third fiscal quarter of 2013. all tax effects pertaining to this apa were accrued in the prior fiscal year.
at june 30, 2015, the company had $689.4 million of outstanding long-term debt, consisting of a revolving credit facility borrow of $165.0 million, a senior note of $124.8 million principal amount due june 2017 and a senior note of $399.6 million principal amount due september 2020. the credit facility and the senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and rank equally with the company's other senior indebtedness. interest on the senior notes due 2017 is payable semiannually on june 1st and december 1st each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 6.125%. interest on the senior notes due 2020 is payable semiannually on march 1st and september 1st each year based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.95%.
on september 22, 2011, the company entered into a $990.0 million senior unsecured credit facility, consisting of a $490.0 million five-year term loan facility (the "fiscal 2012 term loan") and a $500.0 million five-year revolving credit facility (the "fiscal 2012 revolving credit facility") (collectively the "fiscal 2012 credit facilities"). the fiscal 2012 revolving credit facility also had an annual facility fee equal to 15 basis points, on the unused portion of the facility, which totaled $0.1 million and $0.8 million for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the company repaid the remaining $400.0 million outstanding on the fiscal 2012 term loan in august 2013. the weighted-average interest rate on the fiscal 2012 term loan was 1.44% and 1.47% for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
on august 14, 2014, the company entered into an amended and restated $750.0 million five-year revolving credit facility (the "fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility"), which replaced the fiscal 2012 revolving credit facility. the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility is comprised of a $670.0 million u.s. dollar tranche and an $80.0 million multicurrency tranche. at june 30, 2015, the company had $165.0 million in outstanding borrowings and had unused available capacity of $585.0 million under the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility. the weighted-average interest rate on the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility was 1.18% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015. the fair value of the variable-rate fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility borrowings at june 30, 2015 approximates carrying value.
borrowings under the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility initially bear interest at the london interbank offered rate ("libor") plus 112.5 basis points. the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility has an annual facility fee equal to 12.5 basis points on the unused portion of the facility, which totaled $0.8 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015. the company incurred $1.9 million in debt issuance costs to establish the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility. during the quarter ended september 30, 2014, the company expensed $0.1 million of issuance costs related to certain lenders from the 2012 revolving credit facility that are not participating in the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility. as of june 30, 2015, $2.0 million of debt issuance costs remain to be amortized (including $0.4 million of issuance costs from the fiscal 2012 revolving credit facility). such costs are capitalized in other non-current assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets and are being amortized to other expenses, net on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the term of this facility.
the company may voluntarily prepay, in whole or in part and without premium or penalty, borrowings under the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility at any time. the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility is subject to covenants, including financial covenants consisting of a leverage ratio and an interest coverage ratio. at june 30, 2015, the company is not aware of any instances of non-compliance with the financial covenants of the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility.
in may 2007, the company completed an offering of $250.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes (the "fiscal 2007 senior notes"). the fiscal 2007 senior notes will mature on june 1, 2017 and bear interest at a rate of 6.125% per annum. interest on the fiscal 2007 senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on june 1 and december 1 of each year. the fiscal 2007 senior notes were issued at a price of 99.1% (effective yield to maturity of 6.251%). the indenture governing the fiscal 2007 senior notes contains certain covenants including covenants restricting the company's ability to create or incur liens securing indebtedness for borrowed money and to enter into certain sale-leaseback transactions. at june 30, 2015, the company is not aware of any instances of non-compliance with the covenants of the indenture governing the fiscal 2007 senior notes. the indenture also contains covenants regarding the purchase of the fiscal 2007 senior notes upon a change of control triggering event. the fiscal 2007 senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and rank equally with the company's other senior indebtedness. the company may redeem the fiscal 2007 senior notes in whole or in part at any time before their maturity. the company incurred $1.9 million in debt issuance costs to establish the fiscal 2007 senior notes. these costs have been capitalized and are being amortized to interest expense on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the ten-year term. at june 30, 2015 and 2014, the costs remaining to be amortized related to the fiscal 2007 senior notes was $0.3 million and $0.5 million, respectively. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2009, the company purchased $125.0 million principal amount of the fiscal 2007 senior notes (including $1.0 million unamortized bond discount) pursuant to a cash tender offer for such notes. the fair value of the fixed-rate fiscal 2007 senior notes at june 30, 2015 and 2014 was $135.8 million and $139.1 million, respectively, based on quoted market prices and has been classified as a level 1 financial liability (as defined in note 6, "fair value of financial instruments").
36
in august 2013, the company completed an offering of $400.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes (the "fiscal 2014 senior notes"). the fiscal 2014 senior notes will mature on september 1, 2020 and bear interest at a rate of 3.95% per annum. interest on the fiscal 2014 senior notes is payable semi-annually in arrears on march 1 and september 1 of each year. the fiscal 2014 senior notes were issued at a price of 99.871% (effective yield to maturity of 3.971%). the indenture governing the fiscal 2014 senior notes contains certain covenants including covenants restricting the company's ability to create or incur liens securing indebtedness for borrowed money and to enter into certain sale-leaseback transactions. at june 30, 2015, the company is not aware of any instances of non-compliance with the covenants of the indenture governing the fiscal 2014 senior notes. the indenture also contains covenants regarding the purchase of the fiscal 2014 senior notes upon a change of control triggering event. the fiscal 2014 senior notes are senior unsecured obligations of the company and rank equally with the company's other senior indebtedness. the company may redeem the fiscal 2014 senior notes in whole or in part at any time before their maturity. the company incurred $4.3 million in debt issuance costs to establish the fiscal 2014 senior notes. these costs have been capitalized and are being amortized to other expenses, net on a straight-line basis, which approximates the effective interest method, over the seven-year term. at june 30, 2015 and 2014, the costs remaining to be amortized related to the fiscal 2014 senior notes was $3.1 million and $3.7 million, respectively. the fair value of the fixed-rate fiscal 2014 senior notes at june 30, 2015 and 2014 was $417.8 million and $426.6 million, respectively, based on quoted market prices and has been classified as a level 1 financial liability (as defined in note 6, "fair value of financial instruments").
please refer to note 11, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for a more detailed discussion.
based upon current and anticipated levels of operation, management believes that the company's cash on hand and cash flows from operations, combined with borrowings available under credit facilities, will be sufficient to enable the company to meet its current and anticipated cash operating requirements, capital expenditures and working capital needs. please refer to the discussion of net cash flows provided by financing activities in the following section for more detail regarding the company's financing activities.
cash flows fiscal year 2015 compared to fiscal year 2014
net cash flows provided by operating activities were $431.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, an increase of $43.7 million, compared to $387.7 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to higher net earnings and changes in working capital resulting from the timing of accounts receivable collections and vendor payments, which includes the collection of a $26.1 million tax refund by a canadian subsidiary resulting from the prior settlement and execution of the advanced pricing agreement with the internal revenue service and the canadian revenue authority.
free cash flows were $365.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 compared to $334.3 million in free cash flows during the year ended june 30, 2014. the increase of $31.1 million was driven by an increase in net cash flows provided by operating activities of $43.7 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, partially offset by increased capital expenditures and purchases of intangibles of $12.6 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014.
net cash flows used in investing activities were $276.4 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, an increase of $126.1 million, compared to $150.3 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the increase primarily reflects higher spending of $106.0 million on acquisitions during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, as well as higher capital expenditures and purchases of intangibles of $12.6 million in the current fiscal year as compared to the prior fiscal year.
net cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $158.3 million, a decrease of $0.6 million, compared to $158.9 million of net cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. the decreased use of cash reflects net proceeds from borrowings on the revolving credit facility of $165.0 million in the current year coupled with an increase of $17.7 million in excess tax benefits from the issuance of stock-based compensation awards in and an increase of $12.6 million in proceeds from stock options the current fiscal year as compared to the prior fiscal year. these increased sources were offset by a $172.0 million increase in the purchases of common stock in the current fiscal year compared to the prior fiscal year and a $25.6 million increase in dividends paid.
fiscal year 2014 compared to fiscal year 2013
37
net cash flows provided by operating activities were $387.7 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of $116.8 million, compared to $270.9 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the increase in cash provided by operating activities is primarily due to higher net earnings and changes in working capital resulting from the timing of accounts receivable collections and vendor payments.
free cash flows were $334.3 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to $220.0 million in free cash flows during the year ended june 30, 2013. the increase of $114.3 million was driven by an increase in net cash flows provided by operating activities of $116.8 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, partially offset by increased capital expenditures and purchases of intangibles of $2.5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013.
net cash flows used in investing activities were $150.3 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, an increase of $98.3 million, compared to $52.0 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the increase reflects higher spending of $96.9 million on acquisitions during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, as well as higher capital expenditures in the current fiscal year as compared to the prior fiscal year.
net cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $158.9 million, a decrease of $114.3 million, compared to $273.2 million of net cash flows used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the decreased use of cash reflects an decrease in the purchases of common stock of $108.8 million coupled with an increase of $18.2 million in excess tax benefits from the issuance of stock-based compensation awards in the current fiscal year as compared to the prior fiscal year, slightly offset by a $10.9 million increase in dividends paid in the current fiscal year compared to the prior fiscal year.
income taxes the company, headquartered in the u.s., is routinely examined by the irs and is also routinely examined by the tax authorities in the u.s. states and foreign countries in which it conducts business. the tax years under audit examination vary by tax jurisdiction. the company regularly considers the likelihood of assessments in each of the jurisdictions resulting from examinations. to the extent the company determines it has potential tax assessment in particular tax jurisdictions, the company has established tax reserves which it believes are adequate in relation to the potential assessments. once established, reserves are adjusted when there is more information available, when an event occurs necessitating a change to the reserves or the statute of limitations for the relevant taxing authority to examine the tax position has expired. the resolution of tax matters should not have a material effect on the financial condition of the company or on the company's consolidated statements of earnings for a particular future period.
defined benefit pension plans the company sponsors a supplemental officer retirement plan (the "broadridge sorp"). the broadridge sorp is a defined benefit plan pursuant to which the company will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key officers upon retirement based upon the officers' years of service and compensation. the amount charged to expense for the broadridge sorp was $2.7 million, $2.9 million and $3.4 million during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the broadridge sorp is currently unfunded, and the benefit obligation under this plan was $25.3 million, $21.0 million and $17.0 million at june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the broadridge sorp was closed to new participants during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015.
the company also sponsors a supplemental executive retirement plan (the "broadridge serp"). the broadridge serp is a defined benefit plan pursuant to which the company will pay supplemental pension benefits to certain key executives upon retirement based upon the executives' years of service and compensation. the amount charged to expense for the broadridge serp was $0.6 million, $0.5 million and $0.5 million during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the broadridge serp is currently unfunded, and the benefit obligation under this plan was $2.7 million, $2.3 million and $1.5 million at june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the broadridge serp was closed to new participants during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015.
other post-retirement benefit plan the company sponsors an executive retiree health insurance plan. it is a post-retirement benefit plan pursuant to which the company helps defray the health care costs of certain eligible key executive retirees and qualifying dependents, based upon the retirees' age and years of service, until they reach the age of 65. the amount charged to expense under this plan was $0.2 million for each of the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013. the plan is currently unfunded, and the benefit obligation under this plan was $3.9 million, $3.2 million and $3.0 million at june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
38
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations to third parties as of june 30, 2015 and the effect such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flows in future periods:
payments due by period total             less than 1year                1-3 years             4-5 years       after 5years
(in millions)
long-term debt(1)                                            $689.4                      $-                    $124.8                 $165.0             $399.6
interest on long-term debt(2)                                 104.1                    25.4                      42.4                   33.7                     2.6
facility and equipment operating leases(3)                    126.2                    30.8                      45.9                   22.8                    26.7
software licensing(4)                                          12.6                    12.0                       0.6                      -             -
purchase obligations(5)                                       575.0                    75.4                     138.7                  126.7                   234.2
capital commitment to equity method investment(6)               1.8                     1.8                         -                      -             -
uncertain tax positions(7)                                      7.0                       -                       7.0                      -             -
total(8)                                                   $1,516.1                  $145.4                    $359.4                 $348.2             $663.1
(1)   these amounts represent the principal repayments of long-term debt and are included on our consolidated balance sheets. as of june 30, 2015, we had $689.4 million of outstanding debt consisting of senior notes of $124.8 million principal amount due june 2017, senior notes $399.6 million principal amount senior notes due september 2020 and $165.0 million of outstanding debt on our revolving credit facility. see note 11, "borrowings" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for additional information about our borrowings and related matters.
(2)   includes estimated future interest payments on our long-term debt. interest on the senior notes due 2017 is based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 6.125%. interest on the senior notes due 2020 is based on a fixed per annum rate equal to 3.95%. interest on the revolving credit facility is calculated at libor plus 112.5 basis points. an interest rate of 1.175% was used to estimate future interest payments for this portion of our long-term debt.
(3)   included in these amounts are various facilities and equipment leases. we enter into operating leases in the normal course of business relating to facilities and equipment. the majority of our lease agreements have fixed payment terms based on the passage of time. certain facility and equipment leases require payment of maintenance and real estate taxes and contain escalation provisions based on future adjustments in price indices. our future operating lease obligations could change if we exit certain contracts and if we enter into additional operating lease agreements.
(4)   these amounts represent various software license agreements. we enter into software licenses in the normal course of business.
(5)   purchase obligations relate to payments to ibm related to the it services agreement entered into in march 2010 that expires in june 2024, the eu it services agreement entered into in march 2014 that expires in october 2023, and purchase and maintenance agreements on our software, equipment and other assets.
(6)   this amount represents a capital commitment to fund an equity method investment.
(7)   due to the uncertainty related to the timing of the reversal of uncertain tax positions, only the uncertain tax benefit related to certain settlements have been provided in the table above. the company is unable to make reasonably reliable estimates related to the timing of the remaining unrecognized tax benefits expected to be paid. see note 14, "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for further detail.
(8)   certain executive post-retirement benefit obligations reported in our consolidated balance sheets in the amount of $31.9 million as of june 30, 2015 were not included in the table above due to the uncertainty of the timing of these future payments.
in march 2010, the company and ibm entered into an it services agreement, under which ibm provides certain aspects of the company's information technology infrastructure. under the it services agreement, ibm provides a broad range of technology services to the company including supporting its mainframe, midrange, open systems, network and data center operations, as well as providing disaster recovery services. the company has the option of incorporating additional services into the agreement over time. the migration of the data center processing to ibm was completed in august 2012. the it services agreement would have expired on june 30, 2022. in march 2015, the company signed a two-year extension to the it
39
services agreement which expires on june 30, 2024. the company has the right to renew the initial term of the it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month term. commitments remaining under this agreement at june 30, 2015 are $533.9 million through fiscal year 2024, the final year of the contract. for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the company recorded expenses of $95.3 million, $95.7 million and $96.3 million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of earnings related to this agreement. the company capitalized $54.7 million related to the build-out of the ibm data center in other non-current assets, with $5.1 million, $5.4 million and $5.9 million amortized into expense in the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
in march 2014, the company and ibm uk entered into the eu it services agreement under which ibm uk provides data center services supporting the company's technology outsourcing services for certain clients in europe and asia. the eu it services agreement expires in october 2023. the company has the right to renew the initial term of the eu it services agreement for up to one additional 12-month term or one additional 24-month term. commitments remaining under this agreement at june 30, 2015 are $41.1 million through fiscal year 2024, the final year of the contract. for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014, the company recorded expenses of $4.6 million and $1.5 million, respectively, in the consolidated statements of earnings related to this agreement. the company capitalized $5.6 million related to the build-out of the ibm uk data center in other non-current assets, with $0.4 million amortized into expense in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015.
other commercial commitments the company's fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility has an available capacity of $750.0 million. the fiscal 2015 revolving credit facility had $165.0 million outstanding at june 30, 2015.
certain of the company's subsidiaries have unsecured, uncommitted lines of credit with banks. there were no outstanding borrowings under these lines of credit at june 30, 2015.
off-balance sheet arrangements it is not the company's business practice to enter into off-balance sheet arrangements. however, the company is exposed to market risk from changes in foreign currency exchange rates that could impact its financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. the company manages its exposure to these market risks through its regular operating and financing activities and, when deemed appropriate, through the use of derivative financial instruments. the company uses derivative financial instruments as risk management tools and not for trading purposes. the company was not a party to any derivative financial instruments at june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013. in the normal course of business, the company also enters into contracts in which it makes representations and warranties that relate to the performance of the company's products and services. the company does not expect any material losses related to such representations and warranties, or collateral arrangements.
new accounting pronouncements please refer to note 2, "summary of significant accounting policies-s. new accounting pronouncements" to our consolidated financial statements under item 8 of part ii of this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion on the impact of the adoption of new accounting pronouncements.
