item 1a. risk factors this section highlights specific risks that could affect our business. although we have tried to discuss all material risks of which we are aware at the time this report has been filed, other risks may prove to be important in the future, including those that are not currently ascertainable. in addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report, other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward looking statements include:
general economic and market risks changes and instability in the macroeconomic environment may adversely affect our industry, business, results of operations and financial condition.
we offer a broad array of financial products and services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients. we market our credit card products on a national basis throughout the united states, canada and the united kingdom and offer banking and other services in many regions within the united states. a prolonged period of slow economic growth or a significant deterioration in economic conditions in the united states or one of these countries could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations as customers default on their loans or maintain lower deposit levels or, in the case of credit card accounts, carry lower balances and reduce credit card purchase activity.
although certain economic conditions in the united states have shown signs of improvement in recent years, the macroeconomic environment remains unstable and uneven, and the u.s. economy remains susceptible to global events and volatility. geopolitical matters, including international political unrest or disturbances, continued concerns over energy prices and economic instability or recession in certain regions, may impact the stability of financial markets and the u.s. economy.
some of the risks we may face in connection with adverse changes and instability in macroeconomic environment include the following:
•   payment patterns may change, causing increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. in addition, changes in consumer confidence levels and behavior, including decreased consumer spending, lower demand for credit and a shift in consumer payment behavior towards avoiding late fees, finance charges and other fees, could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
•   increases in bankruptcies could cause increases in our charge-off rates, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
•   our ability to recover debt that we have previously charged-off may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
•   the process and models we use to estimate our allowance for loan and lease losses may become less reliable if actual losses diverge from the projections of our models as a result of changes in customer behavior, volatile economic conditions or other unexpected variations in key inputs and assumptions. as a result, our estimates for credit losses may become increasingly subject to management's judgment and high levels of volatility over short periods of time, which could negatively impact our results of operations. see "there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in our business."
•   risks associated with financial market instability and volatility could cause a material adverse effect on our liquidity and our funding costs. for example, increases in interest rates and our credit spreads could negatively impact our results of operations.
•   our ability to borrow from other financial institutions or to engage in funding transactions on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected by disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and
15      capital one financial corporation (cof)
deteriorating investor expectations, which could limit our access to funding. the interest rates that we pay on the securities we have issued are also influenced by, among other things, applicable credit ratings from recognized rating agencies. a downgrade to any of these credit ratings could affect our ability to access the capital markets, increase our borrowing costs and have a negative impact on our results of operations. increased charge-offs, rising london interbank offering rate ("libor") and other events may cause our securitization transactions to amortize earlier than scheduled, which could accelerate our need for additional funding from other sources.
•   an inability to accept or maintain deposits or to obtain other sources of funding could materially affect our ability to fund our business and our liquidity position. many other financial institutions have also increased their reliance on deposit funding and, as such, we expect continued competition in the deposit markets. we cannot predict how this competition will affect our costs. if we are required to offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted.
•   both shorter-term and longer-term interest rates remain below historical averages, as well as the yield curve, which is flatter than its historical average. a flat yield curve combined with low interest rates generally leads to lower revenue and reduced margins because it would limit our opportunity to increase the spread between asset yields and funding costs. sustained periods of time with a flat yield curve coupled with low interest rates could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and our net interest margin.
•   a low interest rate environment increases our exposure to prepayment risk in our mortgage portfolio and the mortgage-backed securities in our investment portfolio. increased prepayments, refinancing or other factors that impact loan balances could reduce expected revenue associated with mortgage assets and could also lead to a reduction in the value of our mortgage servicing rights, which could have a negative impact on our financial results. in addition, the federal reserve's recent decision to raise short-term interest rates will increase debt service requirements for some of our borrowers and may adversely affect those borrowers' ability to pay as contractually obligated, which could result in additional delinquencies or charge-offs and negatively impact our results of operations.
regulatory risk compliance with new and existing laws, regulations and regulatory expectations may increase our costs, reduce our revenue, limit our ability to pursue business opportunities, and increase compliance challenges.
legislation and regulation with respect to the financial services industry has increased in recent years, and we expect that oversight of our business will continue to expand in scope and complexity. a wide and increasing array of banking and consumer lending laws apply to almost every aspect of our business. failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in financial, structural and operational penalties, including significant fines and criminal sanctions, and could result in negative publicity or damage to our reputation with regulators or the public. in addition, establishing systems and processes to achieve compliance with these laws and regulations may increase our costs and limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities.
we are subject to heightened regulatory oversight by the federal banking regulators to ensure that we build systems and processes that are commensurate with the nature of our business and that meet the heightened risk management and enhanced prudential standards issued by our regulators. for example, over the last several years, state and federal regulators have focused on compliance with the bank secrecy act and anti-money laundering laws, data integrity and security, use of service providers, fair lending and other consumer protection issues. in july 2015, capital one entered into a consent order with the occ to address concerns about our anti-money laundering ("aml") program ("aml program") emanating from our former check cashing group within the commercial banking business. we have made substantial progress in taking the steps and making the improvements required by the occ consent order. we expect heightened oversight of our aml program will continue for the foreseeable future.
the dodd-frank act, other regulatory reforms and implementing regulations have increased our need to build new compliance processes and infrastructure and to otherwise enhance our risk management throughout all aspects of our business. the cumulative impact of these changes also includes higher expectations for the amount of capital and liquidity we must maintain, as discussed in more detail below under the heading "we may not be able to maintain adequate capital or liquidity levels, which could have a negative impact on our financial results and our ability to return capital to our shareholders," and higher operational costs, which may further increase as regulators continue to implement such reforms. u.s. government agencies charged with adopting and interpreting laws, rules and regulations, including under the dodd-frank act, may do so in an unforeseen manner, including in ways that potentially expand the reach of the laws, rules or regulations more than initially contemplated or currently anticipated.
16      capital one financial corporation (cof)
we have a large number of customer accounts in our credit card and auto lending businesses and we have made the strategic choice to originate and service subprime credit cards and auto loans which typically have higher delinquencies and charge-offs than prime customers. accordingly, we have significant involvement with credit bureau reporting and the collection and recovery of delinquent and charged-off debt, primarily through customer communications, the filing of litigation against customers in default, the periodic sale of charged-off debt and vehicle repossession. the banking industry is subject to enhanced legal and regulatory scrutiny regarding credit bureau reporting and debt collection practices from regulators, courts and legislators. any future changes to our business practices in these areas, including our debt collection practices, whether mandated by regulators, courts, legislators or otherwise, or any legal liabilities resulting from our business practices, including our debt collection practices, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition.
the legislative and regulatory environment is beyond our control, may change rapidly and unpredictably and may negatively influence our revenue, costs, earnings, growth, liquidity and capital levels. in addition, some rules and regulations may be subject to litigation or other challenges that delay or modify their implementation and impact on us. certain laws and regulations, and any interpretations and applications with respect thereto, may benefit consumers, borrowers and depositors, but not stockholders. our success depends on our ability to maintain compliance with both existing and new laws and regulations. for a description of the material laws and regulations to which we are subject, please refer to "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation."
credit risk we may experience increased delinquencies, credit losses, inaccurate estimates, and inadequate reserves.
like other lenders, we face the risk that our customers will not repay their loans. rising losses or leading indicators of rising losses (such as higher delinquencies, higher rates of non-performing loans, higher bankruptcy rates, lower collateral values or elevated unemployment rates) may require us to increase our allowance for loan and lease losses, which may degrade our profitability if we are unable to raise revenue or reduce costs to compensate for higher losses. in particular, we face the following risks in this area:
•   missed payments: our customers may miss payments. loan charge-offs (including from bankruptcies) are generally preceded by missed payments or other indications of worsening financial condition for our customers. customers are more likely to miss payments during an economic downturn or prolonged periods of slow economic growth. in addition, we face the risk that consumer and commercial customer behavior may change (for example, an increase in the unwillingness or inability of customers to repay debt), causing a long-term rise in delinquencies and charge-offs.
•   estimates of inherent losses: the credit quality of our portfolio can have a significant impact on our earnings. we allow for and reserve against credit risks based on our assessment of credit losses inherent in our loan portfolios. this process, which is critical to our financial results and condition, requires complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions. we may underestimate our inherent losses and fail to hold a loan loss allowance sufficient to account for these losses. incorrect assumptions could lead to material underestimations of inherent losses and inadequate allowance for loan and lease losses. in cases where we modify a loan, if the modifications do not perform as anticipated we may be required to build additional allowance on these loans. the build or release of allowances impacts our current financial results.
•   underwriting: our ability to assess the credit worthiness of our customers may diminish, which could result in an increase in our credit losses and a deterioration of our returns. see "our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk."
•   business mix: we engage in a diverse mix of businesses with a broad range of potential credit exposure. our business mix could change in ways that could adversely affect the credit quality of our portfolio. because we originate a relatively greater proportion of consumer loans in our loan portfolio compared to other large bank peers and originate both prime and subprime credit card accounts and auto loans, we may experience higher delinquencies and a greater number of accounts charging off compared to other large bank peers, which could result in increased credit losses, operating costs and regulatory scrutiny.
•   charge-off recognition / allowance for loan and lease losses: the rules governing the allowance for loan and lease losses could change. we account for the allowance for loan and lease losses according to accounting and regulatory guidelines and rules. these guidelines and rules, including financial accounting standards board ("fasb") standards and the federal financial institutions examination council ("ffiec") account management guidance, could require changes in our account management or loss allowance practices and cause our charge-offs and/or allowance for loan and
17      capital one financial corporation (cof)
lease losses to increase for reasons unrelated to the underlying performance of our portfolio. such changes could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operation.
•   industry developments: our charge-off and delinquency rates may be negatively impacted by industry developments, including new regulations applicable to our industry.
•   collateral: the collateral we have on secured loans could be insufficient to compensate us for loan losses. when customers default on their secured loans, we attempt to recover collateral where permissible and appropriate. however, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate us for the amount of the unpaid loan, and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from our customers. decreases in real estate values adversely affect the collateral value for our commercial lending and home loan activities, while the auto business is similarly exposed to collateral risks arising from the auction markets that determine used car prices. therefore, the recovery of such property could be insufficient to compensate us for the value of these loans. borrowers may be less likely to continue making payments on loans if the value of the property used as collateral for the loan is less than what the borrower owes, even if the borrower is still financially able to make the payments. trends in home prices are a driver of credit costs in our home loan business as they impact both the probability of default and the loss severity of defaults. additionally, the potential volatility in the number of defaulted and modified loans from changes in home prices can create material impacts on the servicing costs of the business, fluctuations in credit marks and profitability in acquired portfolios and volatility in mortgage servicing rights valuations. although home prices have generally appreciated recently, the slow economic recovery, shifts in monetary policy and potentially diminishing demands from investors could threaten or limit the recovery. in our auto business, if vehicle prices experience declines, we could be adversely affected. for example, business and economic conditions that negatively affect household incomes, housing prices, and consumer behavior related to our businesses could decrease (i) the demand for new and used vehicles and (ii) the value of the collateral underlying our portfolio of auto loans, which could cause the number of consumers who become delinquent or default on their loans to increase.
•   geographic and industry concentration: although our consumer lending is geographically diversified, approximately 31% of our commercial loan portfolio is concentrated in the tri-state area of new york, new jersey and connecticut. the regional economic conditions in the tri-state area affect the demand for our commercial products and services as well as the ability of our customers to repay their commercial loans and the value of the collateral securing these loans. an economic downturn or prolonged period of slow economic growth in, or a catastrophic event that disproportionately affects, the tri-state area could have a material adverse effect on the performance of our commercial loan portfolio and our results of operations. in addition, our commercial banking strategy includes an industry-specific focus. if any of the industries that we focus in experience changes, we may experience increased credit losses and our results of operations could be adversely impacted. for example, as of december 31, 2015, energy-related loan balances represented approximately 5% of our total commercial loan portfolio. this amount is comprised of loans to commercial entities in the energy industry, such as exploration and production, oil field services, and pipeline transportation of gas and crude oil, as well as loans to entities in industries that are indirectly impacted by energy prices, such as petroleum wholesalers, oil and gas equipment manufacturing, air transportation, and petroleum bulk stations and terminals. in recent years, oil prices have been declining, which has had an adverse effect on many of the borrowers in this portfolio and on the value of the collateral securing our loans to these borrowers, which could impair their ability to service loans outstanding to them and/or reduce demand for loans. if energy-related industries or any of the other industries that we focus on experience adverse changes, we may experience increased credit losses and our results of operations could be adversely impacted.
we may experience increased losses and inadequate reserves associated with mortgage repurchases and indemnification obligations.
certain of our subsidiaries, including greenpoint mortgage funding, inc. ("greenpoint"), capital one home loans, llc and capital one, n.a., as successor to chevy chase bank ("ccb"), may be required to repurchase mortgage loans that have been sold to investors in the event there are breaches of certain representations and warranties contained within the sales agreements. we may be required to repurchase mortgage loans that we sell to investors in the event that there was improper underwriting or fraud or in the event that the loans become delinquent shortly after they are originated. these subsidiaries also may be required to indemnify certain purchasers and others against losses they incur in the event of breaches of representations and warranties and in various other circumstances, including securities fraud or other public disclosure-related claims, and the amount of such losses could exceed the repurchase amount of the related loans. consequently, we may be exposed to credit risk associated with sold loans.
18      capital one financial corporation (cof)
we have established reserves in our consolidated financial statements for potential losses that are considered to be both probable and reasonably estimable related to the mortgage loans sold by our originating subsidiaries. the adequacy of the reserve and the ultimate amount of losses incurred will depend on, among other things, the actual future mortgage loan performance, the actual level of future repurchase and indemnification requests, the actual success rate of claimants, developments in litigation and the regulatory environment related to us and the industry, actual recoveries on the collateral, and macroeconomic conditions (including unemployment levels and housing prices). due to uncertainties relating to these factors, there can be no assurance that our reserves will be adequate or that the total amount of losses incurred will not have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition or results of operations.
in addition to the subsidiaries discussed above, we originate, sell and service commercial mortgage loans that meet underwriting guidelines established by gses. we are required to meet minimum collateral requirements and share a limited portion of the risk of loss during the remaining terms of these loans. the gses may change their collateral requirements for these loans in the future and also increase our loss-sharing obligations if the loans do not meet specific underwriting criteria or default within certain time periods following their sale to the gses. we cannot assure you that our liability associated with these loss-sharing agreements will be sufficient to cover any future losses from these loans. we may also be required to share additional losses with gses if loan defaults increase, which could impact our results of operations and liquidity.
for additional information related to our mortgage loan repurchase and indemnification obligations and related reserves and our estimate of the reasonably possible future losses from representation and warranty claims beyond the current accrual levels, as well as our loss-sharing agreements, as of december 31, 2015, see "note 21-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others."
capital and liquidity risk we may not be able to maintain adequate capital or liquidity levels, which could have a negative impact on our financial results and our ability to return capital to our shareholders.
as a result of the dodd-frank act and the u.s. implementation of international accords, financial institutions are becoming subject to new and increased capital and liquidity requirements. although u.s. regulators have finalized regulations for some of these requirements, continued uncertainty remains as to the form additional new requirements will take or how and when they will apply to us. as a result, it is possible that we could be required to increase our capital and/or liquidity levels above the levels assumed in our current financial plans. these new requirements could have a negative impact on our ability to lend, grow deposit balances or make acquisitions and limit our ability to make most capital distributions. higher capital levels also lower our return on equity.
in addition, as described further below, for regulatory capital purposes we entered parallel run on january 1, 2015, which must last a minimum of four quarters. we will become subject to the basel iii advanced approaches framework for purposes of determining our regulatory capital requirements once we receive regulatory approval to do so, although the exact timing of when such approval may be granted is uncertain. although we have current estimates of risk-weighted asset calculations under that framework, there remains uncertainty around future regulatory interpretations of certain aspects of those calculations. therefore, we cannot assure you that our current estimates will be correct, and we may need to hold significantly more regulatory capital in the future than we currently estimate to maintain a given capital ratio.
in september 2014, the federal banking agencies issued the final lcr rule. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for further details regarding the final lcr rule. there remains uncertainty as to the impact of daily compliance with the lcr on how we manage our business. see "note 13-regulatory and capital adequacy" and "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation-dividends, stock repurchases and transfers of funds" for additional information regarding recent developments in capital and liquidity requirements.
we consider various factors in the management of capital, including the impact of stress on our capital levels, as determined by both our internal modeling and the federal reserve's modeling of our capital position in ccar. in recent stress test cycles, including ccar, we have observed a large difference between our estimates of our capital levels under stress and the federal reserve's estimates of our capital levels under stress. in the current stress test cycle, including ccar, the difference could be larger because we expect the federal reserve to continue to use its own assumptions in modeling results. therefore, although our estimated capital levels under stress suggest that we have substantial capacity to return capital to shareholders and remain well capitalized under stress, it is possible that the federal reserve's modeling may result in a materially lower capacity to return capital to shareholders than our estimates. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for additional information.
19      capital one financial corporation (cof)
operational risk we face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure.
our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire necessary operational, technological and organizational infrastructure or adapt to technological advances involving such infrastructure, which can be a challenge due to the fast pace of digital transformation and advances. we are embedding technology, data, and software development deeply into our business model and how we work.
similar to other large corporations, we are exposed to operational risk that can manifest itself in many ways, such as errors related to failed or inadequate processes, inaccurate models, faulty or disabled computer systems, fraud by employees or persons outside of our company and exposure to external events. in addition, we are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems which we use to manage our internal financial and other systems, interface with our customers and develop and implement effective marketing campaigns. we also depend on models to measure risks, estimate certain financial values, determine pricing on certain products, assess capital adequacy and calculate regulatory capital levels. if we implement or design our models poorly or use inaccurate assumptions in our models, business decisions based on the output of the models may be adversely affected. see "there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in our business."
in addition, our businesses are dependent on our ability to process, record and monitor a large number of complex transactions. if any of our financial, accounting, or other data processing systems fail or have other significant shortcomings, our business and reputation could be materially adversely affected. we may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from events that are wholly or partially beyond our control, which may include, for example, computer viruses or electrical or telecommunications outages, cyber-attacks, including distributed denial of service ("ddos") attacks discussed below, natural disasters, other damage to property or physical assets or events arising from local or larger scale politics, including terrorist acts. any of these occurrences could diminish our ability to operate our businesses, service customer accounts, and protect customers' information, or result in potential liability to customers, reputational damage, regulatory intervention and customers' loss of confidence in our businesses, any of which could result in a material adverse effect. we also rely on the business infrastructure and systems of third parties with which we do business and to whom we outsource the maintenance and development of operational and technological functionality. system breakdowns or failures, adverse changes to financial condition, bankruptcy or other adverse conditions affecting the businesses of such third parties, including our vendors and other service providers, could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation. thus, any increase in the amount of our infrastructure that we outsource to third parties may increase our risk exposure.
our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones and to run our business in compliance with applicable laws and regulations depends on the functionality and reliability of our operational and technology systems. any disruptions, failures or inaccuracies of our operational and technology systems and models, including those associated with improvements or modifications to such systems and models, could cause us to be unable to market and manage our products and services, manage our risk or to report our financial results in a timely and accurate manner, all of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. in addition, our ongoing investments in infrastructure, which are necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate acquisitions and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. as our business develops, changes or expands, additional expenses can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of outsourced services, asset purchases or other acquisitions, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the integration of newly acquired businesses. if we are unable to successfully manage our expenses, our financial results will be negatively affected.
we could incur increased costs or reductions in revenue or suffer reputational damage and business disruptions in the event of the theft, loss or misuse of information, including as a result of a cyber-attack.
our products and services involve the gathering, management, processing, storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential information regarding our customers and their accounts, our employees and other third parties with which we do business. our ability to provide such products and services, many of which are web-based, depends upon the management and safeguarding of information, software, methodologies and business secrets. to provide these products and services, we use information systems and infrastructure, including digital technologies, computer and email systems, software, networks, and other web-based technologies, that we and third-party service providers operate. we also have arrangements in place with third parties through which we share and receive information about their customers who are or may become our customers.
20      capital one financial corporation (cof)
like other financial services firms, technologies, systems, networks and devices of capital one or our customers, employees or other third parties with whom we interact continue to be the subject of attempted unauthorized access, mishandling or misuse of information, computer viruses or malware, cyber-attacks designed to obtain confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems or cause other damage, denial of service attacks and other events. these threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of our employees or third parties or may result from accidental technological failure. any of these parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other third-party users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or third parties with whom we interact. further, cyber and information security risks for large financial institutions like us have generally increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct financial transactions and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists, activists, formal and informal instrumentalities of foreign governments and other external parties. in addition, to access our products and services, our customers may use computers, smartphones, tablet pcs and other mobile devices that are beyond our security control systems.
if our information systems or infrastructure or those of our customers, partners or other market participants experience a significant disruption or breach, it could lead, depending on the nature of the disruption or breach, to the unauthorized access to and release, gathering, monitoring, misuse, loss or destruction of our confidential information or personal or confidential information of our customers, employees or other third parties in our possession. further, such disruption or breach could also result in unauthorized access to our proprietary information, software, methodologies and business secrets and in unauthorized transactions in capital one accounts or unauthorized access to personal or confidential information maintained by those entities.
as a financial institution, we are subject to and examined for compliance with an array of data protection laws, regulations and guidance, as well as to our own internal privacy and information security policies and programs. however, because the methods and techniques employed by perpetrators of fraud and others to attack, disable, degrade or sabotage platforms, systems and applications change frequently, are increasingly sophisticated and often are not fully recognized or understood until after they have occurred, we and our third-party service providers and partners may be unable to anticipate certain attack methods in order to implement effective preventative measures or mitigate or remediate the damages caused in a timely manner. we may also be unable to hire and develop talent capable of detecting, mitigating or remediating these risks. although we believe we have a robust suite of authentication and layered information security controls, including our cyber threat analytics, data encryption and tokenization technologies, anti-malware defenses and vulnerability management program, any one or combination of these controls could fail to detect, mitigate or remediate these risks in a timely manner.
a disruption or breach such as those discussed above could result in significant legal and financial exposure, regulatory intervention, remediation costs, card reissuance, supervisory liability, damage to our reputation or loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services that could adversely affect our business. we and other u.s. financial services providers continue to be targeted with evolving and adaptive cybersecurity threats from sophisticated third parties. although we have not experienced any material losses relating to cyber incidents, there can be no assurance that unauthorized access or cyber incidents will not occur or that we will not suffer such losses in the future. unauthorized access or cyber incidents could occur more frequently and on a more significant scale. if future attacks like these are successful or if customers are unable to access their accounts online for other reasons, it could adversely impact our ability to service customer accounts or loans, complete financial transactions for our customers or otherwise operate any of our businesses or services. in addition, a breach or attack affecting one of our third-party service providers or partners could harm our business even if we do not control the service that is attacked.
in addition, the increasing prevalence and the evolution of cyber-attacks and other efforts to breach or disrupt our systems or those of our partners, retailers or other market participants has led, and will likely continue to lead, to increased costs to us with respect to preventing, mitigating and remediating these risks, as well as any related attempted fraud. we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or strengthen our protective security measures, investigate and remediate any vulnerabilities of our information systems and infrastructure or invest in new technology designed to mitigate security risks. for example, various retailers have continued to be victims of cyber-attacks in which customer data, including debit and credit card information, was obtained. in these situations, we incur a variety of costs, including those associated with replacing the compromised cards and remediating fraudulent transaction activity. further, successful cyber-attacks at other large financial institutions or other market participants, whether or not we are impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in financial institutions that could negatively affect us, including harming the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures or the financial system in general which could result in reduced use of our financial products. though we have insurance against some cyber-risks and attacks, it may not be sufficient to offset the impact of a material loss event.
21      capital one financial corporation (cof)
legal risk our businesses are subject to the risk of increased litigation, government investigations and regulatory enforcement.
our businesses are subject to increased litigation, government investigations and other regulatory enforcement risks as a result of a number of factors and from various sources, including the highly regulated nature of the financial services industry, the focus of state and federal prosecutors on banks and the financial services industry, the structure of the credit card industry and business practices in the mortgage lending business. given the inherent uncertainties involved in litigation, government investigations, and regulatory enforcement decisions, and the very large or indeterminate damages sought in some matters asserted against us, there can be significant uncertainty as to the ultimate liability we may incur from these kinds of matters. the finding, or even the assertion, of substantial legal liability against us could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and could cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business.
in addition, financial institutions, including us, have faced significant regulatory scrutiny over the past several years, which has increasingly led to public enforcement actions. we and our subsidiaries are subject to comprehensive regulation and periodic examination by the federal reserve, the sec, occ, fdic and cfpb. we have been subject to enforcement actions by many of these and other regulators and may continue to be involved in such actions, including governmental inquiries, investigations and enforcement proceedings, including by the department of justice. we expect that regulators and governmental enforcement bodies will continue taking formal enforcement actions against financial institutions in addition to addressing supervisory concerns through non-public supervisory actions or findings, which could involve restrictions on our activities, among other limitations that could adversely affect our business. litigation, government investigations and other regulatory actions generally could subject us to significant fines, increased expenses, restrictions on our activities and damage to our reputation and our brand, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
other business risks we face intense competition in all of our markets.
we operate in a highly competitive environment, both in making loans and attracting deposits, and we expect competitive conditions to continue to intensify with respect to most of our products. we compete on the basis of the rates we pay on deposits and the rates and other terms we charge on the loans we originate or purchase, as well as the quality and range of our customer service, products, innovation and experience. price competition for loans might result in origination of fewer loans or earning less on our loans. some of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, which may give those competitors advantages, including a more diversified product and customer base, the ability to reach out to more customers and potential customers, operational efficiencies, more versatile technology platforms, the ability to innovate faster, broad-based local distribution capabilities, lower-cost funding and larger existing branch networks. in addition, some of our competitors, including new and emerging competitors in the digital and mobile payments space, are not subject to the same regulatory requirements or legislative scrutiny to which we are subject, which also could place us at a competitive disadvantage. many of our competitors are also focusing on cross-selling their products and developing new products or technologies, which could affect our ability to maintain or grow existing customer relationships or require us to offer lower interest rates or fees on our lending products or higher interest rates on deposits. this increasingly competitive environment is primarily a result of changes in regulation, changes in technology and product delivery systems, as well as the consolidation of financial service providers, all of which may affect our customers' expectations and demands.
as of december 31, 2015, we operate the largest online direct banking institution in the u.s. by deposits. while direct banking represents a significant opportunity to attract new customers that value greater and more flexible access to banking services at reduced costs, we face strong competition in the direct banking market. aggressive pricing throughout the industry may adversely affect the retention of existing balances and the cost-efficient acquisition of new deposit funds and may affect our growth and profitability. in addition, the effects of a competitive environment may be exacerbated by the flexibility of direct banking and the increasing financial and technological sophistication of our customer base. customers could also close their online accounts or reduce balances or deposits in favor of products and services offered by competitors for other reasons. these shifts, which could be rapid, could result from general dissatisfaction with our products or services, including concerns over pricing, online security or our reputation.
we have expanded our credit card partnership business over the past several years with the additions of a number of credit card partnerships. the market for key business partners, especially in the credit card business, is very competitive, and we may not be able to grow or maintain these partner relationships. we face the risk that we could lose partner relationships, even after we have
22      capital one financial corporation (cof)
invested significant resources, time and expense into acquiring and developing the relationships. the loss of any of our business partners could have a negative impact on our results of operations, including lower returns, excess operating expense and excess funding capacity.
in addition, the global payments industry is highly competitive and is rapidly changing and increasingly subject to regulatory scrutiny. we compete with all forms of payments, including a variety of new and evolving alternative payment mechanisms, systems and products, such as aggregators and web-based and wireless payment platforms or technologies, digital currencies, prepaid systems and payment services targeting users of social networks and online gaming (including those offering billing to the consumer's mobile phone account), as well as consortia of merchants that are expected to combine payment systems to reduce interchange and other costs. if we are unable to continue to keep pace with innovation, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in such a competitive environment, we may lose entire accounts or may lose account balances to competing firms, or we may find it more costly to maintain our existing customer base. customer attrition from any or all of our lending products, together with any lowering of interest rates or fees that we might implement to retain customers, could reduce our revenues and therefore our earnings. similarly, unexpected customer attrition from our deposit products, in addition to an increase in rates or services that we may offer to retain those deposits, may increase our expenses and therefore reduce our earnings.
our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by merchants' increasing focus on the fees charged by credit card networks and by regulation and legislation impacting such fees.
credit card interchange fees are generally one of the largest components of the costs that merchants pay in connection with the acceptance of credit cards and are a meaningful source of revenue for our credit card businesses. interchange fees are the subject of significant and intense global legal, regulatory and legislative focus, and the resulting decisions, regulations and legislation may have a material adverse impact on our overall business, financial condition and results of operations.
regulators and legislative bodies in a number of countries are seeking to reduce credit card interchange fees through legislation, competition-related regulatory proceedings, central bank regulation and or litigation. interchange reimbursement rates in the united states are set by credit card networks such as mastercard and visa. in some jurisdictions, such as canada and certain countries in the european union, interchange fees and related practices are subject to regulatory activity that have limited the ability of certain networks to establish default rates, including in some cases imposing caps on permissible interchange fees and we have already experienced these impacts in our international card business. legislators and regulators around the world are aware of each other's approaches to the regulation of the payments industry. consequently, a development in one country, state or region may influence regulatory approaches in another, such as our primary market, the united states.
in addition to this regulatory activity, merchants are also seeking avenues to reduce interchange fees. during the past few years, merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous lawsuits against visa, mastercard, american express and their card-issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including interchange and similar fees, violate federal antitrust laws. in 2005, a number of entities filed antitrust lawsuits against mastercard and visa and several member banks, including our subsidiaries and us, alleging among other things, that the defendants conspired to fix the level of interchange fees. in december 2013, the u.s. district court for the eastern district of new york granted final approval of the proposed class settlement. see "note 21-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others" for further details. among other results of the settlement, merchants are now entitled to join together to negotiate lower interchange fees. some major retailers may have sufficient bargaining power to independently negotiate lower interchange fees with mastercard and visa, which could, in turn, result in lower interchange fees for us when our cardholders undertake purchase transactions with these retailers. these and other merchants also continue to lobby aggressively for caps and restrictions on interchange fees and there can be no assurance that their efforts will not be successful or that they will not in the future bring legal proceedings against us or other credit card and debit card issuers and networks.
beyond pursuing litigation, legislation and regulation, merchants may also promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as ach-based payments, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit or debit cards. for example, a consortium of large u.s. retailers was recently created to develop a merchant-owned mobile payment system in part to reduce interchange fees.
the heightened focus by merchants and regulatory and legislative bodies on the fees charged by credit and debit card networks, and the ability of certain merchants to successfully negotiate discounts to interchange fees with mastercard and visa or develop alternative payment systems could result in a reduction of interchange fees. any resulting loss in income to us could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
23      capital one financial corporation (cof)
if we are not able to invest successfully in and introduce digital and other technological developments across all our businesses, our financial performance may suffer.
our industry is subject to rapid and significant technological changes and our ability to meet our customers' needs and expectations is key to our ability to grow revenue and earnings. we expect digital technologies to have a significant impact on banking over time. consumers increasingly expect robust digital experiences from their financial services providers. the ability for customers to access their accounts and conduct financial transactions using digital technology, including mobile applications, is an increasingly important aspect of the financial services industry and it impacts our ability to deliver products and services to our customers. to that end, financial institutions are rapidly introducing new digital and other technology-driven products and services, which aim to offer a better customer experience and to reduce costs. we continue to invest in digital technology designed to attract new customers, facilitate the ability of existing customers to conduct financial transactions and enhance the customer experience related to our products and services.
our continued success depends, in part, upon our ability to address the needs of our customers by using digital technology to provide products and services that efficiently meet their expectations in a cost-effective manner. the development and launch of new digital products and services depends in large part on our capacity to invest in and build the technology platforms that can enable them. we continue to actively invest in such technology platforms, however, we may fail to implement the correct technology, or may fail to do so in a timely manner as discussed in more detail above under the headings "we face intense competition in all of our markets" and "we face risks related to our operational, technological and organizational infrastructure."
some of our competitors are substantially larger than we are, which may allow those competitors to invest more money into their technology infrastructure and digital innovation than we do. in addition, we face intense competition from smaller companies which experience lower cost structures and different regulatory requirements than we do, and which may allow them to innovate more rapidly than we can. see "we face intense competition in all of our markets." further, our success depends on our ability to attract and retain strong digital and technology leaders, engineers and other talent, and competition for such talent is intense. if we are unable to attract and retain digital and technology talent, our ability to offer digital products and services and build the necessary technology infrastructure could be negatively affected, which could negatively impact our business and financial results. a failure to maintain or enhance our competitive position with respect to digital products and services, whether because we fail to anticipate customer expectations or because our technological developments fail to perform as desired or are not implemented in a timely or successful manner, could negatively impact our business and financial results.
we may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our mergers, acquisitions and strategic partnerships.
we have engaged in merger and acquisition activity and entered into strategic partnerships over the past several years and may continue to engage in such activity in the future. we continue to evaluate and anticipate engaging in, among other merger and acquisition activity, additional strategic partnerships and selected acquisitions of financial institutions and other financial assets, including credit card and other loan portfolios.
any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership we undertake entails certain risks, which may materially and adversely affect our results of operations. if we experience greater than anticipated costs to integrate acquired businesses into our existing operations or are not able to achieve the anticipated benefits of any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership, including cost savings and other synergies, our business could be negatively affected. in addition, it is possible that the ongoing integration processes could result in the loss of key employees, errors or delays in systems implementation, the disruption of our ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with partners, clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership. integration efforts also may divert management attention and resources. these integration matters may have an adverse effect on us during any transition period.
in addition, we may face the following risks in connection with any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership:
•   new businesses and geographic or other markets: our merger, acquisition or strategic partnership activity may involve our entry into new businesses and new geographic areas or other markets which present risks resulting from our relative inexperience in these new businesses or markets. these new businesses or markets may change the overall character of our consolidated portfolio of businesses and could react differently to economic and other external factors. we face the risk that we will not be successful in these new businesses or in these new markets.
•   identification and assessment of merger and acquisition targets and deployment of acquired assets: we cannot assure you that we will identify or acquire suitable financial assets or institutions to supplement our organic growth through
24      capital one financial corporation (cof)
acquisitions or strategic partnerships. in addition, we may incorrectly assess the asset quality and value of the particular assets or institutions we acquire. further, our ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership will depend on our ability to assess the asset quality and value of the particular assets or institutions we partner with, merge with or acquire. we may be unable to profitably deploy any assets we acquire.
•   accuracy of assumptions: in connection with any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership, we may make certain assumptions relating to the proposed merger, acquisition or strategic partnership that may be, or may prove to be, inaccurate, including as a result of the failure to realize the expected benefits of any merger, acquisition or strategic partnership. the inaccuracy of any assumptions we may make could result in unanticipated consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
•   target-specific risk: assets and companies that we acquire, or companies that we enter into strategic partnerships with, will have their own risks that are specific to a particular asset or company. these risks include, but are not limited to, particular or specific regulatory, accounting, operational, reputational and industry risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. indemnification rights, if any, may be insufficient to compensate us for any losses or damages resulting from such risks. in addition to regulatory approvals discussed above, certain of our merger, acquisition or partnership activity may require third-party consents in order for us to fully realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction.
reputational risk and social factors may impact our results and damage our brand.
our ability to originate and maintain accounts is highly dependent upon the perceptions of consumer and commercial borrowers and deposit holders and other external perceptions of our business and compliance practices or our financial health. in addition, our brand has historically been, and we expect it to continue to be, very important to us. maintaining and enhancing our brand will depend largely on our ability to continue to provide high-quality products and services. adverse perceptions regarding our reputation in the consumer, commercial and funding markets could lead to difficulties in generating and maintaining accounts as well as in financing them. in particular, negative public perceptions regarding our reputation could lead to decreases in the levels of deposits that consumer and commercial customers and potential customers choose to maintain with us. in addition, negative perceptions regarding certain industries or clients could also prompt us to cease business activities associated with those industries or clients.
negative public opinion or damage to our brand could also result from actual or alleged conduct in any number of activities or circumstances, including lending practices, regulatory compliance, security breaches (including the use and protection of customer information), corporate governance, and sales and marketing, and from actions taken by regulators or other persons in response to such conduct. such conduct could fall short of our customers' and the public's heightened expectations of companies of our size with rigorous data, privacy and compliance practices, and could further harm our reputation. in addition, third parties with whom we have important relationships may take actions over which we have limited control that could negatively impact perceptions about us. the proliferation of social media may increase the likelihood that negative public opinion from any of the events discussed above will impact our reputation and business.
in addition, a variety of social factors may cause changes in borrowing activity, including credit card use, payment patterns and the rate of defaults by accountholders and borrowers domestically and internationally. these social factors include changes in consumer confidence levels, the public's perception regarding consumer debt, including credit card use, and changing attitudes about the stigma of bankruptcy. if consumers develop or maintain negative attitudes about incurring debt, or if consumption trends decline or if we fail to maintain and enhance our brand, or we incur significant expenses in this effort, our business and financial results could be materially and negatively affected.
if we are not able to protect our intellectual property, our revenue and profitability could be negatively affected.
we rely on a variety of measures to protect and enhance our intellectual property, including copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, patents and certain restrictions on disclosure, solicitation and competition. we also undertake other measures to control access to and distribution of our other proprietary information. these measures may not prevent misappropriation of our proprietary information or infringement of our intellectual property rights and a resulting loss of competitive advantage. in addition, our competitors or other third parties may file patent applications for innovations that are used in our industry or allege that our systems, processes or technologies infringe on their intellectual property rights. if our competitors or other third parties are successful in obtaining such patents or prevail in intellectual property-related litigation against us, we could lose significant revenues, incur significant license, royalty or technology development expenses, or pay significant damages.
25      capital one financial corporation (cof)
there are risks resulting from the extensive use of models in our business.
we rely on quantitative models to aggregate and assess our various risk exposures and to estimate certain financial values. models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy, and calculating economic and regulatory capital levels, as well as to estimate the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating models will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. also, information we provide to the public or to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could be inaccurate or misleading. some of the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distribution to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to the perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is insufficient. any issues with the quality or effectiveness of our data aggregation and validation procedures, as well as the quality and integrity of data inputs, could result in ineffective risk management practices or inaccurate risk reporting. if our risk management framework proves ineffective, we could suffer unexpected losses which could materially adversely affect our results of operation or financial condition.
our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposures in all market environments or against all types of risk.
management of risk, including market, credit, liquidity, compliance and strategic risks, requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events. see "md&a-risk management" for further details. we have devoted significant resources to developing our risk management policies and procedures and expect to continue to do so in the future. nonetheless, our risk management strategies may not be fully effective in identifying and mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk, including risks that are unidentified or unanticipated, even if our models for assessing risk are properly designed and implemented.
some of our methods of managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market behavior and management's judgment. these methods may not accurately predict future exposures, which could be significantly greater than the historical measures indicate. for example, market conditions during the financial crisis involved unprecedented dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical information to manage risk. in addition, credit risk is inherent in the financial services business and results from, among other things, extending credit to customers. our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our customers may be impaired if the models and approaches we use to select, manage and underwrite our consumer and commercial customers become less predictive of future charge-offs (due, for example, to rapid changes in the economy, including the unemployment rate).
while we employ a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome or the timing of such outcomes. for example, our ability to implement our risk management strategies may be hindered by adverse changes in the volatility or liquidity conditions in certain markets and as a result, may limit our ability to distribute such risks (for instance, when we seek to syndicate exposure in bridge financing transactions we have underwritten). we may, therefore, incur losses in the course of our risk management or investing activities.
changes in consumer behavior and their adoption of digital technology may change retail distribution strategies and may adversely impact our investments in our bank premises and equipment and other retail distribution assets, lead to increased expenditures and expose us to additional risk.
we have significant investments in bank premises and equipment for our branch network and other branch banking assets including our full service banking centers, parcels of land held for the development of future banking centers and our retail work force. advances in technology such as digital and mobile banking, in-branch self-service technologies, proximity or remote payment technologies, as well as progressively changing customer preferences for these other methods of banking, could decrease the value of our branch network or other retail distribution assets. as a result, we may need to change our retail distribution strategy and close, sell and/or renovate certain branches or parcels of land held for development and restructure or reduce our remaining branches and work force. these actions could lead to losses on these assets or could adversely impact the carrying value of other long-lived assets, increase our expenditures, dilute our brand and/or reduce customer demand for our products and services.
further, to the extent that we change our retail distribution strategy and as a result expand into new business areas, we may face more competitors with more experience in the new business areas and more established relationships with relevant customers,
26      capital one financial corporation (cof)
regulators and industry participants, which could adversely affect our ability to compete. our competitors may also be subject to less burdensome regulations. see "we face intense competition in all our markets."
fluctuations in market interest rates or volatility in the capital markets could adversely affect our income and expense, the value of assets and obligations, our regulatory capital, cost of capital or our liquidity.
like other financial institutions, our business may be sensitive to market interest rate movement and the performance of the capital markets. disruptions, uncertainty or volatility across the capital markets could negatively impact market liquidity and limit our access to liquidity required to operate and grow our business. in addition, changes in interest rates or in valuations in the debt or equity markets could directly impact us. for example, we borrow money from other institutions and depositors, which we use to make loans to customers and invest in debt securities and other earning assets. we earn interest on these loans and assets and pay interest on the money we borrow from institutions and depositors. fluctuations in interest rates, including changes in the relationship between short-term rates and long-term rates and in the relationship between our funding basis rate and our lending basis rate, may have negative impacts on our net interest income and therefore our earnings. in addition, interest rate fluctuations and competitor responses to those changes may affect the rate of customer prepayments for mortgage, auto and other term loans and may affect the balances customers carry on their credit cards. these changes can reduce the overall yield on our earning asset portfolio. changes in interest rates and competitor responses to these changes may also impact customer decisions to maintain balances in the deposit accounts they have with us. in addition, changes in valuations in the debt and equity markets could have a negative impact on the assets we hold in our investment portfolio. such market changes could also have a negative impact on the valuation of assets for which we provide servicing. finally, the final basel iii capital rule requires that most amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income ("aoci"), including unrealized gains and losses on securities designated as available for sale, be included in our regulatory capital calculations. changes in interest rates or market valuations that result in unrealized losses on components of aoci could therefore impact our regulatory capital ratios negatively.
we assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on assumptions about the direction and the magnitude of interest rate changes. we take risk mitigation actions based on those assessments. we face the risk that changes in interest rates could materially reduce our net interest income and our earnings, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different than those we assumed. see "md&a-market risk management" for additional information.
our business could be negatively affected if we are unable to attract, retain and motivate skilled senior leaders.
our success depends, in large part, on our ability to retain key senior leaders, and competition for such senior leaders is intense. the executive compensation provisions of the dodd-frank act and the regulations issued thereunder, and any further legislation, regulation or regulatory guidance restricting executive compensation, may limit the types of compensation arrangements that we may enter into with our most senior leaders and could have a negative impact on our ability to attract, retain and motivate such leaders in support of our long-term strategy. these laws and regulations may not apply in the same manner to all financial institutions, and we therefore may face more restrictions than other institutions and companies with whom we compete for talent. if we are unable to retain talented senior leadership, our business could be negatively affected.
we face risks from unpredictable catastrophic events.
despite our substantial business contingency plans, the impact from natural disasters and other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks, may have a negative effect on our business and infrastructure, including our information technology systems. in addition, if a natural disaster or other catastrophic event occurs in certain regions where our business and customers are concentrated, such as the mid-atlantic and new york metropolitan area, we could be disproportionately impacted as compared to our competitors. the impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we face risks from the use of or changes to assumptions or estimates in our financial statements.
pursuant to generally accepted accounting principles in the u.s. ("u.s. gaap"), we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including determining our allowance for loan and lease losses, the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, and asset impairment, among other items. in addition, the fasb, the sec and other regulatory bodies may change the financial accounting and reporting standards, including those related to assumptions and estimates we use to prepare our financial statements, in ways that we cannot predict and that could impact our financial statements. if actual results differ from the assumptions or estimates underlying our financial statements or if financial accounting and reporting standards are changed, we may experience unexpected material losses. for a discussion of our use of estimates in the preparation of our
27      capital one financial corporation (cof)
consolidated financial statements, see "md&a-critical accounting policies and estimates" and "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies."
limitations on our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries could affect our liquidity and ability to pay dividends and repurchase common stock.
we are a separate and distinct legal entity from our subsidiaries, including the banks. dividends to us from our direct and indirect subsidiaries, including the banks, have represented a major source of funds for us to pay dividends on our common and preferred stock, repurchase common stock, make payments on corporate debt securities and meet other obligations. there are various federal law limitations on the extent to which the banks can finance or otherwise supply funds to us through dividends and loans. these limitations include minimum regulatory capital requirements, federal banking law requirements concerning the payment of dividends out of net profits or surplus, sections 23a and 23b of the federal reserve act and regulation w governing transactions between an insured depository institution and its affiliates, as well as general federal regulatory oversight to prevent unsafe or unsound practices. if our subsidiaries' earnings are not sufficient to make dividend payments to us while maintaining adequate capital levels, our liquidity may be affected and we may not be able to make dividend payments to our common or preferred stockholders, repurchase our common stock, make payments on outstanding corporate debt securities or meet other obligations, each and any of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial position or perception of financial health.
the soundness of other financial institutions and other third parties could adversely affect us.
our ability to engage in routine funding and other transactions could be adversely affected by the stability and actions of other financial services institutions. financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, servicing, counterparty and other relationships. we have exposure to an increasing number of financial institutions and counterparties. these counterparties include institutions that may be exposed to various risks over which we have little or no control, including european or u.s. sovereign debt that is currently or may become in the future subject to significant price pressure, rating agency downgrade or default risk.
in addition, we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds and other institutional clients, resulting in a significant credit concentration with respect to the financial services industry overall. as a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other institutions.
likewise, adverse developments affecting the overall strength and soundness of our competitors, the financial services industry as a whole and the general economic climate or sovereign debt could have a negative impact on perceptions about the strength and soundness of our business even if we are not subject to the same adverse developments. in addition, adverse developments with respect to third parties with whom we have important relationships also could negatively impact perceptions about us. these perceptions about us could cause our business to be negatively affected and exacerbate the other risks that we face.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a")
this discussion contains forward-looking statements that are based upon management's current expectations and are subject to significant uncertainties and changes in circumstances. please review "forward-looking statements" for more information on the forward-looking statements in this 2015 annual report on form 10-k ("this report"). our actual results may differ materially from those included in these forward-looking statements due to a variety of factors including, but not limited to, those described in "part i-item 1a. risk factors" in this report. unless otherwise specified, references to notes to our consolidated financial statements refer to the notes to our consolidated financial statements as of december 31, 2015 included in this report.
management monitors a variety of key indicators to evaluate our business results and financial condition. the following md&a is intended to provide the reader with an understanding of our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity by focusing on changes from year to year in certain key measures used by management to evaluate performance, such as profitability, growth and credit quality metrics. md&a is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended december 31, 2015 and accompanying notes. md&a is organized in the following sections:
• executive summary and business outlook                          • capital management
• critical accounting policies and estimates                      • risk management
• accounting changes and developments                             • credit risk profile
• consolidated results of operations                              • liquidity risk profile
• business segment financial performance                          • market risk profile
• consolidated balance sheets analysis                            • supplemental tables
• off-balance sheet arrangements and variable interest entities   • glossary and acronyms executive summary and business outlook in 2015 all three of our business segments delivered strong underlying performance. we continue to deliver attractive risk-adjusted returns while investing to improve profitability.
financial highlights we reported net income of $4.1 billion ($7.07 per diluted common share) on total net revenue of $23.4 billion for 2015. in comparison, we reported net income of $4.4 billion ($7.59 per diluted common share) on total net revenue of $22.3 billion for 2014 and $4.1 billion ($6.89 per diluted common share) on total net revenue of $22.4 billion for 2013.
our common equity tier 1 capital ratio, as calculated under the basel iii standardized approach, including transition provisions, was 11.1% and 12.5% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we formally entered parallel run for basel iii advanced approaches on january 1, 2015. see "md&a-capital management" below for additional information.
on march 11, 2015, we announced that our board of directors authorized the repurchase of up to $3.125 billion of shares of our common stock ("2015 stock repurchase program"). through the end of 2015, we repurchased approximately $1.875 billion of shares of common stock as part of this program and expect to complete the 2015 stock repurchase program by the end of the second quarter of 2016. on february 17, 2016, we announced that our board of directors had authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $300 million of shares of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2016 under the 2015 stock repurchase program. see "md&a-capital management" below for additional information.
below are additional highlights of our performance in 2015. these highlights are generally based on a comparison between the results of 2015 and 2014, except as otherwise noted. the changes in our financial condition and credit performance are generally based on our financial condition and credit performance as of december 31, 2015, compared to our financial condition and credit performance as of december 31, 2014. we provide a more detailed discussion of our financial performance in the sections following this "executive summary and business outlook."
36      capital one financial corporation (cof)
total company performance
•   earnings: our net income decreased by $378 million to $4.1 billion in 2015, compared to 2014. the decrease in net income from continuing operations in 2015 was driven by (i) an increase in the provision for credit losses in our domestic credit card loan portfolio due to a larger allowance build in 2015 due to continued loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rates, and higher charge-offs as new loan balances season; (ii) an increase in the provision for credit losses in our commercial loan portfolio due to a larger build in both the allowance and reserve for unfunded lending commitments resulting from adverse market conditions impacting our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio; and (iii) an increase in non-interest expense driven by higher operating and marketing expenses associated with loan growth and continued technology and infrastructure investments. in 2015, we recorded charges totaling $150 million for severance and related benefits pursuant to our ongoing benefit programs and certain site closures, as a result of the realignment of our workforce. we also recorded a build in the u.k. payment protection insurance customer refund reserve ("u.k. ppi reserve") of $147 million in 2015, reflecting recent u.k. regulatory developments and updated estimates of future complaint levels. these expenses were partially offset by (i) higher interest income due to growth in our credit card, commercial and auto loan portfolios, partially offset by the planned run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio; and (ii) an increase in non-interest income primarily attributable to higher net interchange fees, partially offset by lower service charges and other customer-related fees primarily driven by the continued run-off of our payment protection products in our domestic card business. the increase in net income from discontinued operations in 2015 was primarily driven by a reduction in our mortgage representation and warranty reserve in 2015 resulting from favorable industry legal developments.
•   loans held for investment: period-end loans held for investment increased by $21.5 billion to $229.9 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014 and average loans held for investment increased by $12.8 billion to $210.7 billion in 2015 compared to 2014. the increases were primarily driven by continued growth in our credit card, auto and commercial loan portfolios, including loans acquired from the ge healthcare acquisition, partially offset by the planned run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio.
•   net charge-off and delinquency statistics: our net charge-off rate increased by 3 basis points to 1.75% in 2015 compared to 2014. net charge-off rates remained low compared to our long-term trends, while we experienced rising losses in our taxi medallion lending portfolio and oil and gas portfolio within our commercial banking business. our 30+ day delinquency rate increased by 9 basis points to 3.00% as of december 31, 2015, from december 31, 2014, primarily due to the seasoning of recent credit card loan originations and adverse market conditions impacting our taxi medallion lending portfolio. we provide additional information on our credit quality metrics below under "business segment financial performance" and "credit risk profile."
•   allowance for loan and lease losses: our allowance for loan and lease losses increased by $747 million to $5.1 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. the increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses was primarily driven by continued loan growth, coupled with our expectations of rising charge-off rates in our domestic credit card portfolio driven by growth, as well as adverse market conditions impacting our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio in our commercial banking business. these factors also contributed to a higher allowance coverage ratio, which increased by 13 basis points to 2.23% as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014.
business segment financial performance table 1 summarizes our business segment results, which we report based on revenue and income from continuing operations, net of tax, for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. we provide information on the allocation methodologies used to derive our business segment results in "note 20-business segments."
table 1: business segment results year ended december 31,
2015                                                                  2014   2013
total net                       net income(2)                         total net                       net income(2)                         total net                     net income(loss)(2)
revenue(1)                                                            revenue(1)                                                            revenue(1)
(dollars in millions)                         amount          % of               amount           % of              amount          % of               amount           % of              amount          % of                amount              % of total                               total                             total                               total                             total                                   total credit card                             $14,582            62    %          $2,354             59    %        $13,621            61    %          $2,479             56    %        $14,287            64    %          $2,615                60     %
consumer banking                          6,465            28                1,034             26               6,432            29                1,195             27               6,654            30                1,451                33
commercial banking(3)                     2,352            10                  570             14               2,201            10                  659             15               2,069             9                  731                17
other(4)                                     14             -                   54              1                  36             -                   90              2                (626    )       (3    )            (443     )         (10     )
total from continuing operations        $23,413           100    %          $4,012            100    %        $22,290           100    %          $4,423            100    %        $22,384           100    %          $4,354               100     %
__________
37      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(1)   total net revenue consists of net interest income and non-interest income.
(2)   net income (loss) for our business segments and the other category is based on income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax.
(3)   some of our tax-related commercial investments generate tax-exempt income or tax credits. accordingly, we make certain reclassifications within our commercial banking business results to present revenues and yields on a taxable-equivalent basis, calculated assuming an effective tax rate approximately equal to our federal statutory tax rate of 35% with offsetting reclassifications within the other category.
(4)   includes the residual impact of the allocation of our centralized corporate treasury group activities, unallocated corporate expenses that do not directly support the operations of the business segments and other items as described in "note 20-business segments."
credit card: our credit card business generated net income from continuing operations of $2.4 billion in 2015, compared to net income from continuing operations of $2.5 billion in 2014. the decrease in net income in 2015 was primarily attributable to (i) higher provision for credit losses driven by a larger allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio in 2015 due to continued loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rates, as well as higher charge-offs as new loan balances season; and (ii) higher non-interest expense due to higher operating and marketing expenses associated with loan growth. these drivers were partially offset by (i) higher net interest income primarily driven by loan growth; and (ii) higher non-interest income attributable to an increase in net interchange fees, partially offset by a decline in service charges and other customer-related fees primarily due to the continued run-off of our payment protection products in our domestic card business. period-end loans held for investment increased by $10.2 billion to $96.1 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014, primarily due to loan growth in our domestic card business.
consumer banking: our consumer banking business generated net income from continuing operations of $1.0 billion in 2015, compared to net income from continuing operations of $1.2 billion in 2014. the decrease in net income in 2015 was primarily attributable to higher non-interest expense largely driven by increased operating expenses due to growth in our auto loan portfolio and continued technology and infrastructure investments in our retail banking business, as well as higher provision for credit losses due to a higher build in the allowance build for loan and lease losses in our consumer banking business, coupled with higher net charge-offs driven by growth in our auto loan portfolio. period-end loans held for investment decreased by $1.1 billion to $70.4
billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014, primarily due to the planned run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio outpacing the growth in our auto loan portfolio.
commercial banking: our commercial banking business generated net income from continuing operations of $570 million in 2015, compared to net income from continuing operations of $659 million in 2014. the decrease in net income in 2015 was primarily attributable to (i) higher provision for credit losses due to a larger build in both the allowance for loan and lease losses and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments resulting from adverse market conditions impacting our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio, and (ii) higher non-interest expense largely driven by higher operating expenses due to costs associated with the ge healthcare acquisition and continued growth in our commercial banking business. these expenses were partially offset by higher net interest income driven by growth in commercial and multifamily real estate and commercial and industrial average loans and higher non-interest income driven by increased revenue from products and services provided to our commercial customers. period-end loans held for investment increased by $12.4 billion to $63.3 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014, driven by the ge healthcare acquisition, as well as loan growth in our commercial and multifamily real estate and commercial and industrial loan portfolios.
business outlook we discuss below our current expectations regarding our total company performance and the performance of each of our business segments over the near-term based on market conditions, the regulatory environment and our business strategies as of the time we filed this annual report on form 10-k. the statements contained in this section are based on our current expectations regarding our outlook for our financial results and business strategies. our expectations take into account, and should be read in conjunction with, our expectations regarding economic trends and analysis of our business as discussed in "part i-item 1. business" and "part ii-item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" of this report. certain statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. actual results could differ materially from those in our forward-looking statements. except as otherwise disclosed, forward-looking statements do not reflect: (i) any change in current dividend or repurchase strategies; (ii) the effect of any acquisitions, divestitures or similar transactions that have not been previously disclosed; or (iii) any changes in laws, regulations or regulatory interpretations, in each case after the date as of which such statements are made. see "part i-item 1. business-forward-looking statements" in this report for more information on the forward-looking statements included in this report and "part i-item 1a. risk factors" in this report for factors that could materially influence our results.
total company expectations our strategies and actions are designed to deliver and sustain strong returns and capital generation through the acquisition and retention of franchise-enhancing customer relationships across our businesses. we believe that franchise-enhancing customer relationships create and sustain significant long-term value through long and loyal customer relationships and a gradual build in loan balances and revenues over time. examples of franchise-enhancing customer relationships include rewards customers in our credit card business, retail deposit customers in our consumer banking business and primary banking relationships with commercial customers in our commercial banking business. we intend to grow these customer relationships by continuing to invest in scalable infrastructure and operating platforms, so that we can meet the heightened risk management expectations facing all banks and deliver a "brand-defining" customer experience that builds and sustains a valuable, long-term customer franchise.
we delivered revenue growth and attractive risk-adjusted returns in 2015, highlighted by strong growth in our domestic card business. in 2016, we expect full year growth in revenues, driven by loan growth. we expect some improvement in the full year 2016 efficiency ratio compared to 2015, with continuing improvement in 2017, excluding adjusting items.
we believe our actions have created a balance sheet with strong capital and liquidity. pursuant to our approved 2015 capital plan, we increased our quarterly common stock dividend from $0.30 per share to $0.40 per share starting in the second quarter of 2015. we also expect to complete the repurchase of up to $3.125 billion of shares of our common stock pursuant to the 2015 stock repurchase program through the second quarter of 2016. the timing and exact amount of any common stock repurchases will depend on various factors, including market conditions, opportunities for growth, and our capital position and amount of retained earnings. the 2015 stock repurchase program does not include specific price targets, may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including utilizing rule 10b5-1 programs, and may be suspended at any time. see "md&a-capital management-dividend policy and stock purchases" for more information.
38      capital one financial corporation (cof)
business segment expectations credit card: in our domestic card business, we expect the upward pressure on delinquencies and charge-offs as new loan balances season and become a larger proportion of our overall portfolio will continue through 2016 and begin to moderate in 2017. we continue to expect the full-year 2016 charge-off rate to be around four percent, with quarterly seasonal variability. based on current information and assuming relative stability in consumer behavior, the domestic economy, and competitive conditions, we expect the full-year 2017 charge-off rate in the low four percent range, with quarterly seasonal variability. loan growth coupled with our expectations for a rising charge-off rate drove an allowance build in the fourth quarter, and we expect loan growth to drive allowance additions going forward.
consumer banking: in our consumer banking business, we expect persistently low interest rates will continue to pressure returns in our deposit businesses in 2016. we expect planned run-off from our acquired home loan portfolio to continue in 2016. we also expect continued pressure on margins in our auto business due to the mix shift toward prime and continuing competitive pressure. we expect these trends will negatively affect revenues in 2016.
commercial banking: organic growth in our commercial banking business is slowing compared to prior years because of actions we are taking in response to market conditions. while competition in the commercial banking business remains intense, pressuring margin and returns, we continue to see good growth opportunities in select specialty industry verticals. credit performance remains strong for the majority of our commercial businesses, but credit pressures continue in our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio. unless oil prices rebound it is likely that energy loans will drive increases in our criticized and non-performing loans, further allowance additions, and possibly increasing charge-offs in 2016.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with u.s. gaap requires management to make a number of judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the amount of assets, liabilities, income and expenses on the consolidated financial statements. understanding our accounting policies and the extent to which we use management judgment and estimates in applying these policies is integral to understanding our financial statements. we provide a summary of our significant accounting policies under "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies."
we have identified the following accounting policies as critical because they require significant judgments and assumptions about highly complex and inherently uncertain matters and the use of reasonably different estimates and assumptions could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition. these critical accounting policies govern:
•   loan loss reserves
•   asset impairment
•   fair value of financial instruments
•   representation and warranty reserves
•   customer rewards reserves we evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and update them, as necessary, based on changing conditions. management has discussed our critical accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of the board of directors.
loan loss reserves we maintain an allowance for loan and lease losses that represents management's estimate of incurred loan and lease losses inherent in our held-for-investment credit card, consumer banking and commercial banking loan portfolios as of each balance sheet date. we also separately reserve for binding unfunded lending commitments, letters of credit and financial guarantees.
we build our allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments through the provision for credit losses. our provision for credit losses in each period is driven by charge-offs, changes to allowance for loan and lease losses, and
39      capital one financial corporation (cof)
changes to unfunded lending commitments. we recorded a provision for credit losses of $4.5 billion in 2015 and $3.5 billion in both 2014 and 2013.
we have an established process, using analytical tools and management judgment, to determine our allowance for loan and lease losses. losses are inherent in our loan portfolio and we calculate the allowance for loan and lease losses by estimating incurred losses for segments of our loan portfolio with similar risk characteristics and record a provision for credit losses. the allowance totaled $5.1 billion as of december 31, 2015, compared to $4.4 billion as of december 31, 2014.
we review and assess our allowance methodologies and adequacy of the allowance for loan and lease losses on a quarterly basis. our assessment involves evaluating many factors including, but not limited to, historical loss and recovery experience, recent trends in delinquencies and charge-offs, risk ratings, the impact of bankruptcy filings, the value of collateral underlying secured loans, account seasoning, changes in our credit evaluation, underwriting and collection management policies, seasonality, general economic conditions, changes in the legal and regulatory environment and uncertainties in forecasting and modeling techniques used in estimating our allowance for loan and lease losses. key factors that have a significant impact on our allowance for loan and lease losses include assumptions about unemployment rates, home prices, and the valuation of commercial properties and other collateral, consumer real estate, and automobiles.
in addition to the allowance for loan and lease losses, we review and assess our estimate of probable losses related to binding unfunded lending commitments, such as letters of credit and financial guarantees, and unfunded loan commitments on a quarterly basis. the factors impacting our assessment generally align with those considered in our evaluation of the allowance for loan and lease losses for the commercial banking business. changes to the reserve for losses on unfunded lending commitments are recorded through the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of income and to other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.
although we examine a variety of externally available data, as well as our internal loan performance data, to determine our allowance for loan and lease losses and reserve for unfunded lending commitments, our estimation process is subject to risks and uncertainties, including a reliance on historical loss and trend information that may not be representative of current conditions and indicative of future performance. accordingly, our actual credit loss experience may not be in line with our expectations. we provide additional information on the methodologies and key assumptions used in determining our allowance for loan and lease losses for each of our loan portfolio segments in "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies." we provide information on the components of our allowance, disaggregated by impairment methodology, and changes in our allowance in "note 6-allowance for loan and lease losses."
finance charge and fee reserves finance charges and fees on credit card loans, net of amounts that we consider uncollectible, are included in loan receivables and revenue when the finance charges and fees are earned. we continue to accrue finance charges and fees on credit card loans until the account is charged-off; however, when we do not expect full payment of billed finance charges and fees, we reduce the balance of our credit card loan receivables by the amount of finance charges and fees billed but not expected to be collected and exclude this amount from revenue. total net revenue was reduced by $732 million, $645 million and $796 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, for the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees. the finance charge and fee reserve totaled $262 million as of december 31, 2015, compared to $216 million as of december 31, 2014.
we review and assess the adequacy of the uncollectible finance charge and fee reserve on a quarterly basis. our methodology for estimating the uncollectible portion of billed finance charges and fees is consistent with the methodology we use to estimate the allowance for incurred losses on the principal portion of our credit card loan receivables.
asset impairment in addition to our loan portfolio, we review other assets for impairment on a regular basis in accordance with applicable impairment accounting guidance. this process requires significant management judgment and involves various estimates and assumptions. our investment securities, goodwill and intangible assets represent a significant portion of our total assets excluding loans. accordingly, below we describe our process for assessing impairment of these assets and the key estimates and assumptions involved in this process.
40      capital one financial corporation (cof)
investment securities we regularly review our investment securities for other-than-temporary impairment ("otti") using both quantitative and qualitative criteria. if we intend to sell a security in an unrealized loss position or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, the entire difference between the amortized cost basis of the security and its fair value is recognized in income. if we do not intend to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security before recovery of our amortized cost, we evaluate other quantitative and qualitative criteria to determine whether a credit loss exists. our evaluation requires significant management judgment and a consideration of many factors, including, but not limited to, the extent and duration of the impairment; the health of and specific prospects for the issuer, including whether the issuer has failed to make scheduled interest or principal payments; recent events specific to the issuer and/or industry to which the issuer belongs; the payment structure of the security; external credit ratings; the value of underlying collateral and current market conditions. quantitative criteria include assessing whether there has been an adverse change in expected future cash flows. see "note 4-investment securities" for additional information.
goodwill and intangible assets goodwill resulting from business combinations prior to january 1, 2009 represents the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the net assets of businesses acquired. goodwill resulting from business combinations after january 1, 2009, is generally determined as the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred, plus the fair value of any non-controlling interests in the acquiree, over the fair value of the net assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the acquisition date.
goodwill totaled $14.5 billion and $14.0 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase was primarily attributable to $500 million of goodwill recognized as part of the ge healthcare acquisition. see "note 2-business developments" for additional information. intangible assets, which we report on our consolidated balance sheets as a component of other assets, consist primarily of purchased credit card relationships ("pccr") and core deposit intangibles. the net carrying amount of intangible assets decreased to $1.0 billion as of december 31, 2015, from $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2014. goodwill and intangible assets together represented 5% of our total assets as of both december 31, 2015 and 2014. we did not recognize material impairment on goodwill or intangible assets in 2015, 2014 or 2013.
goodwill goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level, on an annual basis or in interim periods if events or circumstances indicate potential impairment. a reporting unit is an operating segment or one level below. the goodwill impairment test, performed as of october 1 of each year, is a two-step test. the first step identifies whether there is potential impairment by comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying amount, including goodwill. if the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, the second step of the impairment test is required to measure the amount of any potential impairment loss.
estimating the fair value of reporting units and the assets, liabilities and intangible assets of a reporting unit is a subjective process that involves the use of estimates and judgments. the fair value of reporting units is calculated using a discounted cash flow calculation, a form of the income approach. the calculation uses projected cash flows based on each reporting unit's internal forecast and the perpetuity growth method to calculate terminal values. these cash flows and terminal values are then discounted using discount rates based on our external cost of equity with adjustments for risk inherent in each reporting unit. cash flows are adjusted, as necessary, in order to maintain each reporting unit's equity capital requirements. our discounted cash flow analysis requires management to make judgments about future loan and deposit growth, revenue growth, credit losses, and capital rates. discount rates used in 2015 for the reporting units ranged from 8% to 13%. the key inputs into the discounted cash flow analysis were consistent with market data, where available, indicating that assumptions used were within a reasonable range of observable market data.
we calculate the carrying amounts of our reporting units using an allocated capital approach based on each reporting unit's specific regulatory capital, economic capital requirements, and underlying risks. the total of the reporting unit carrying amount for the october 1, 2015 annual goodwill impairment test was $35.1 billion, compared to consolidated equity of $47.7 billion as of september 30, 2015. of the $12.6 billion remaining equity, $8.2 billion was primarily attributable to the following items: capital allocated to our other category, preferred stock, and capital that was reserved for dividends and share buy-backs that occurred during the fourth quarter of 2015. the remaining unallocated equity of approximately $4.4 billion, which represented approximately 9% of our total equity, has been reserved for potential future capital needs.
41      capital one financial corporation (cof)
we compare the total reporting unit carrying amounts to our total consolidated stockholders' equity to assess the appropriateness of our methodology. if the second step of goodwill impairment testing is required for a reporting unit, we would undertake an extensive effort to build the specific reporting unit's balance sheet for the test based on applicable accounting guidance. based on our analysis, the current fair value exceeded the carrying amount of all reporting units as of our annual testing date; therefore, the second step of impairment testing was unnecessary.
intangible assets intangible assets with definitive useful lives are amortized over their estimated lives and evaluated for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that an asset's or asset group's carrying amount may not be fully recoverable. an impairment loss, generally calculated as the difference between the estimated fair value and the carrying amount of an asset or asset group, is recognized if the sum of the estimated undiscounted cash flows relating to the asset or asset group is less than the corresponding carrying amount. see "note 8-goodwill and intangible assets" for additional information.
fair value fair value is defined as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date (also referred to as an exit price). the fair value accounting guidance provides a three-level fair value hierarchy for classifying financial instruments. this hierarchy is based on the markets in which the assets or liabilities trade and whether the inputs to the valuation techniques used to measure fair value are observable or unobservable. fair value measurement of a financial asset or liability is assigned a level based on the lowest level of any input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. the three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below:
level 1: quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities level 2: observable market-based inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities level 3: unobservable inputs the degree of management judgment involved in determining the fair value of a financial instrument is dependent upon the availability of quoted prices in active markets or observable market parameters. when quoted prices and observable data in active markets are not fully available, management judgment is necessary to estimate fair value. changes in market conditions, such as reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary market activities, may reduce the availability and reliability of quoted prices or observable data used to determine fair value.
we have developed policies and procedures to determine when markets for our financial assets and liabilities are inactive if the level and volume of activity has declined significantly relative to normal conditions. if markets are determined to be inactive, it may be appropriate to adjust price quotes received. when significant adjustments are required to price quotes or inputs, it may be appropriate to utilize an estimate based primarily on unobservable inputs.
significant judgment may be required to determine whether certain financial instruments measured at fair value are classified as level 2 or level 3. in making this determination, we consider all available information that market participants use to measure the fair value of the financial instrument, including observable market data, indications of market liquidity and orderliness, and our understanding of the valuation techniques and significant inputs used. based upon the specific facts and circumstances of each instrument or instrument category, judgments are made regarding the significance of the level 3 inputs to the instruments' fair value measurement in its entirety. if level 3 inputs are considered significant, the instrument is classified as level 3. the process for determining fair value using unobservable inputs is generally more subjective and involves a high degree of management judgment and assumptions.
our financial instruments recorded at fair value on a recurring basis represented approximately 12% and 13% of our total assets as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. financial assets for which the fair value was determined using significant level 3 inputs represented approximately 2% and 4% of these financial instruments as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
we discuss changes in the valuation inputs and assumptions used in determining the fair value of our financial instruments, including the extent to which we have relied on significant unobservable inputs to estimate fair value and our process for corroborating these inputs, in "note 19-fair value measurement."
fair value measurement
42      capital one financial corporation (cof)
we have a governance framework and a number of key controls that are intended to ensure that our fair value measurements are appropriate and reliable. our governance framework provides for independent oversight and segregation of duties. our control processes include review and approval of new transaction types, price verification and review of valuation judgments, methods, models, process controls and results. groups independent from our trading and investing functions, including our corporate valuations group ("cvg"), fair value committee ("fvc") and model validation group, participate in the review and validation process. the fair valuation governance process is set up in a manner that allows the chairperson of the fvc to escalate valuation disputes that cannot be resolved at the fvc to a more senior committee called the valuations advisory committee ("vac") for resolution. the vac is chaired by the chief financial officer and includes other senior management. the vac is only required to convene to review escalated valuation disputes; however, it met once during 2015 for a general update on the valuation process.
the cvg performs periodic verification of fair value measurements to determine if assigned fair values are reasonable. for example, in cases where we rely on third party pricing services to obtain fair value measures, we analyze pricing variances among different pricing sources and validate the final price used by comparing the information to additional sources, including dealer pricing indications in transaction results and other internal sources, where necessary. additional validation procedures performed by the cvg include reviewing (either directly or indirectly through the reasonableness of assigned fair values) valuation inputs and assumptions, and monitoring acceptable variances between recommended prices and validation prices. the cvg and the trade analytics and valuation team ("tav") perform due diligence reviews of the third party pricing services by comparing their prices with prices from other sources and reviewing other control documentation. additionally, when necessary, the cvg and tav challenge prices from third-party vendors to ensure reasonableness of prices through a pricing challenge process. this may include a request for a transparency of the assumptions used by the third party.
the fvc, which includes representation from business areas, our risk management division and our finance division, is a forum for discussing fair market valuations, inputs, assumptions, methodologies, variance thresholds, valuation control environment and material risks or concerns related to fair market valuations. additionally, the fvc is empowered to resolve valuation disputes between the primary valuation providers and the cvg. it provides guidance and oversight to ensure an appropriate valuation control environment. the fvc regularly reviews and approves our valuation methodologies to ensure that our methodologies and practices are consistent with industry standards and adhere to regulatory and accounting guidance. the chief financial officer determines when material issues or concerns regarding valuations shall be raised to the audit committee or other delegated committee of the board of directors.
we have a model policy, established by an independent model risk office, which governs the validation of models and related supporting documentation to ensure the appropriate use of models for pricing. the model validation group is part of the model risk office and validates all models and provides ongoing monitoring of their performance, including the validation and monitoring of the performance of all valuation models.
representation and warranty reserve in connection with the sales of mortgage loans, certain subsidiaries entered into agreements containing varying representations and warranties about, among other things, the ownership of the loan, the validity of the lien securing the loan, the loan's compliance with any applicable loan criteria established by the purchaser, including underwriting guidelines and the ongoing existence of mortgage insurance, and the loan's compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws. we may be required to repurchase the mortgage loan, indemnify the investor or insurer, or reimburse the investor for losses incurred on the loan in the event of a material breach of contractual representations or warranties.
we have established representation and warranty reserves for losses that we consider to be both probable and reasonably estimable associated with the mortgage loans sold by each subsidiary, including both litigation and non-litigation liabilities. the reserve-setting process relies heavily on estimates, which are inherently uncertain, and requires the application of judgment. in establishing the representation and warranty reserves, we rely on historical data and consider a variety of factors, depending on the category of purchaser. these factors include, but are not limited to, the historical relationship between loan losses and repurchase outcomes; the percentage of current and future loan defaults that we anticipate will result in repurchase requests over the lifetime of the loans; the percentage of those repurchase requests that we anticipate will result in actual repurchases; and estimated collateral valuations. we evaluate these factors and update our loss forecast models on a quarterly basis to estimate our lifetime liability.
our aggregate representation and warranty mortgage reserve, which we report as a component of other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, totaled $610 million and $731 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the adequacy of the reserve and the ultimate amount of losses incurred by us or one of our subsidiaries will depend on, among other things, actual future mortgage loan performance, the actual level of future repurchase and indemnification requests, the actual success rates of claimants,
43      capital one financial corporation (cof)
developments in litigation, actual recoveries on the collateral and macroeconomic conditions (including unemployment levels and housing prices).
as part of our business planning processes, we have considered various outcomes relating to the potential future representation and warranty liabilities of our subsidiaries that are possible but do not rise to the level of being both probable and reasonably estimable outcomes justifying an incremental accrual under applicable accounting standards. our current best estimate of reasonably possible future losses from representation and warranty claims beyond what was in our reserve as of december 31, 2015 is approximately $1.6 billion, a decline from our estimate of $2.1 billion as of december 31, 2014. notwithstanding our ongoing attempts to estimate a reasonably possible amount of future losses beyond our current accrual levels based on current information, it is possible that actual future losses will exceed both the current accrual level and our current estimate of the amount of reasonably possible losses. this estimate involves considerable judgment, and reflects that there is still significant uncertainty regarding the numerous factors that may impact the ultimate loss levels, including, but not limited to, anticipated litigation outcomes, future repurchase and indemnification claim levels, ultimate repurchase and indemnification rates, future mortgage loan performance levels, actual recoveries on the collateral and macroeconomic conditions (including unemployment levels and housing prices). in light of the significant uncertainty as to the ultimate liability our subsidiaries may incur from these matters, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters could be material to our consolidated results of operations or cash flows for any particular reporting period. see "note 21-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others" for additional information.
customer rewards reserve we offer products, primarily credit cards, which include programs that allow members to earn rewards, in the form of points, that can be redeemed for cash (primarily in the form of statement credits), gift cards, airline tickets or merchandise, based on account activity. the amount of rewards that a customer earns varies based on the terms and conditions of the rewards program and product. the majority of our rewards do not expire and there is no limit on the number of rewards points an eligible card member can earn. customer rewards costs, which we generally record as an offset to interchange income, are driven by various factors, such as card member purchase volume, the terms and conditions of the rewards program and rewards redemption cost. we establish a customer rewards reserve that reflects management's judgment regarding rewards earned that are expected to be redeemed and the estimated redemption cost.
we use financial models to estimate ultimate redemption rates of rewards earned to date by current card members based on historical redemption trends, current enrollee redemption behavior, card product type, year of program enrollment, enrollment tenure and card spend levels. our current assumption is that the vast majority of all rewards earned will eventually be redeemed. we use a weighted-average cost per reward redeemed during the previous twelve months, adjusted as appropriate for recent changes in redemption costs, including mix of rewards redeemed, to estimate future redemption costs. we continually evaluate our reserve and assumptions based on developments in redemption patterns, cost per point redeemed, changes to the terms and conditions of the rewards program and other factors. changes in the ultimate redemption rate and weighted-average cost per point have the effect of either increasing or decreasing the reserve through the current period provision by an amount estimated to cover the cost of all points previously earned but not yet redeemed by card members as of the end of the reporting period. we recognized customer rewards expense of $2.7 billion, $2.0 billion and $1.6 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our customer rewards liability, which is included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, totaled $3.2 billion and $2.7 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
accounting changes and developments accounting for derivative assets and liabilities as of january 1, 2015, we changed our accounting principle to move from a gross basis of presentation to a net basis, for presenting qualifying derivative assets and liabilities, as well as the related fair value amounts recognized for the right to reclaim cash collateral (a receivable) or the obligation to return cash collateral (a payable), for instruments executed with the same counterparty where a right of setoff exists. this newly adopted policy is preferable as it more accurately reflects the company's counterparty credit risk as well as our contractual rights and obligations under these arrangements. further, this change will align our presentation with that of the majority of our peer institutions. we retrospectively adopted this change in accounting principle and our consolidated balance sheet has been recast for all prior periods presented.
see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements in item 8 of this
44      capital one financial corporation (cof)
report regarding the impact of recently issued or adopted new accounting pronouncements.
consolidated results of operations the section below provides a comparative discussion of our consolidated financial performance for 2015, 2014 and 2013. following this section, we provide a discussion of our business segment results. you should read this section together with our "executive summary and business outlook," where we discuss trends and other factors that we expect will affect our future results of operations.
net interest income net interest income represents the difference between the interest income, including certain fees, earned on our interest-earning assets and the interest expense on our interest-bearing liabilities. interest-earning assets include loans, investment securities and other interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities include interest-bearing deposits, securitized debt obligations, senior and subordinated notes, and other borrowings. generally, we include in interest income any past due fees on loans that we deem collectible. our net interest margin, based on our consolidated results, represents the difference between the yield on our interest-earning assets and the cost of our interest-bearing liabilities, including the notional impact of non-interest bearing funding. we expect net interest income and our net interest margin to fluctuate based on changes in interest rates and changes in the amount and composition of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities.
45      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 2 below presents, for each major category of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the average outstanding balances, interest income earned, interest expense incurred, average yield and rate for 2015, 2014 and 2013.
table 2: average balances, net interest income and net interest margin(1)
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                           2014                                                                         2013
(dollars in millions)                                        averagebalance            interestincome/expense(2)(3)         average yield/rate           averagebalance            interestincome/expense(2)(3)            average yield/rate                average                 interest           average yield/rate balance                  income/
expense(2)(3)
assets:
interest-earning assets:
loans:
credit card:
domestic credit card                                         $78,931                            $11,187                                 14.17%           $71,272                            $10,161                        14.26%                       $74,950                $10,876                   14.51           %
international credit card                                      7,992                              1,200                                  15.02             7,684                              1,269                         16.51                         7,973                  1,295                   16.24
total credit card                                             86,923                             12,387                                  14.25            78,956                             11,430                         14.48                        82,923                 12,171                   14.68
consumer banking                                              71,365                              4,460                                   6.25            71,127                              4,447                          6.25                        72,652                  4,428                    6.09
commercial banking                                            53,161                              1,710                                   3.22            48,210                              1,649                          3.42                        40,866                  1,587                    3.88
other                                                            100                                228                                 228.00               126                                136                        107.94                           168                     36                   21.43
total loans, including loans held for sale                   211,549                             18,785                                   8.88           198,419                             17,662                          8.90                       196,609                 18,222                    9.27
investment securities                                         63,738                              1,575                                   2.47            62,547                              1,628                          2.60                        63,522                  1,575                    2.48
cash equivalents and other interest-earning assets             7,294                                 99                                   1.36             6,208                                107                          1.72                         6,292                    101                    1.61
total interest-earning assets                               $282,581                            $20,459                                   7.24          $267,174                            $19,397                          7.26                      $266,423                $19,898                    7.47
cash and due from banks                                        2,970                                                                                       2,994                                                                                          2,461
allowance for loan and lease losses                           (4,582      )                                                                               (4,151      )                                                                                  (4,572    )
premises and equipment, net                                    3,701                                                                                       3,790                                                                                          3,770
other assets                                                  28,804                                                                                      27,852                                                                                         28,118
total assets                                                $313,474                                                                                    $297,659                                                                                       $296,200
liabilities and stockholders' equity:
interest-bearing liabilities:
deposits                                                    $185,677                             $1,091                                   0.59          $181,036                             $1,088                          0.60                      $187,700                 $1,241                    0.66
securitized debt obligations                                  13,929                                151                                   1.08            10,686                                145                          1.36                        10,697                    183                    1.71
senior and subordinated notes                                 20,935                                330                                   1.58            16,543                                299                          1.81                        12,440                    315                    2.53
other borrowings and liabilities                              11,297                                 53                                   0.47            12,325                                 47                          0.38                        14,670                     53                    0.36
total interest-bearing liabilities                          $231,838                             $1,625                                   0.70          $220,590                             $1,579                          0.72                      $225,507                 $1,792                    0.79
non-interest-bearing deposits                                 25,312                                                                                      24,639                                                                                         21,345
other liabilities                                              8,611                                                                                       8,162                                                                                          7,866
total liabilities                                            265,761                                                                                     253,391                                                                                        254,718
stockholders' equity                                          47,713                                                                                      44,268                                                                                         41,482
total liabilities and stockholders' equity                  $313,474                                                                                    $297,659                                                                                       $296,200
net interest income/spread                                                                      $18,834                                   6.54                                              $17,818                          6.54                                              $18,106                    6.68
impact of non-interest-bearing funding                                                                                                    0.12                                                                               0.13                                                                         0.12
net interest margin                                                                                                                      6.66%                                                                               6.67           %                                                             6.80           %
__________
(1)   as of january 1, 2015, we changed our accounting principle to move from a gross basis of presentation to a net basis, for presenting qualifying derivative assets and liabilities, as well as the related right to reclaim cash collateral or obligation to return cash collateral. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for additional information. prior period results have been recast to conform to this presentation.
(2)   past due fees included in interest income totaled approximately $1.4 billion in both 2015 and 2014, and $1.7 billion in 2013.
(3)   interest income and interest expense and the calculation of average yields on interest-earning assets and average rates on interest-bearing liabilities include the impact of hedge accounting.
net interest income increased by $1.0 billion to $18.8 billion in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase was primarily driven by growth in our credit card and commercial loan portfolios, as well as our auto loan portfolio in our consumer banking business.
46      capital one financial corporation (cof)
net interest margin decreased by 1 basis point to 6.66% in 2015 compared to 2014. the relatively consistent net interest margin reflected continued growth in our domestic card loan portfolio and the planned run-off of the acquired home loan portfolio in our consumer banking business, as well as lower wholesale funding costs; offset by the impact of declining yields in our auto, commercial, credit card and investment securities portfolios. the lower yield in the international credit card loan portfolio also reflected the impact from the build in the u.k. ppi reserve in the second and third quarters of 2015.
net interest income decreased by $288 million to $17.8 billion in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily driven by the portfolio sale in 2013, partially offset by growth in commercial, auto and credit card loan portfolios, lower funding costs and higher yielding investment securities in 2014. net interest margin decreased by 13 basis points to 6.67% in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to lower average loan yields driven by the portfolio sale in 2013 and a shift in the mix of the loan portfolio to lower yielding commercial and auto loans, partially offset by a reduction in our cost of funds and higher yielding investment securities.
table 3 displays the change in our net interest income between periods and the extent to which the variance is attributable to (i) changes in the volume of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities; or (ii) changes in the interest rates related to these assets and liabilities.
table 3: rate/volume analysis of net interest income(1)
2015 vs. 2014                                                 2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions)                                       total variance               volume              rate           total variance             volume              rate interest income:
loans:
credit card                                                    $957                 $1,135              $(178   )             $(741      )         $(576    )         $(165   )
consumer banking                                                 13                     15                 (2   )                19                  (93    )           112
commercial banking                                               61                    159                (98   )                62                  251               (189   )
other                                                            92                    (28    )           120                   100                   (9    )           109
total loans, including loans held for sale                    1,123                  1,281               (158   )              (560      )          (427    )          (133   )
investment securities                                           (53      )              30                (83   )                53                  (24    )            77
cash equivalents and other interest-earning assets               (8      )              15                (23   )                 6                   (1    )             7
total interest income                                         1,062                  1,326               (264   )              (501      )          (452    )           (49   )
interest expense:
deposits                                                          3                     27                (24   )              (153      )           (43    )          (110   )
securitized debt obligations                                      6                     35                (29   )               (38      )             -                (38   )
senior and subordinated notes                                    31                     70                (39   )               (16      )            74                (90   )
other borrowings and liabilities                                  6                     (4    )            10                    (6      )            (8    )             2
total interest expense                                           46                    128                (82   )              (213      )            23               (236   )
net interest income                                          $1,016                 $1,198              $(182   )             $(288      )         $(475    )          $187
__________
(1)   we calculate the change in interest income and interest expense separately for each item. the portion of interest income or interest expense attributable to both volume and rate is allocated proportionately when the calculation results in a positive value. when the portion of interest income or interest expense attributable to both volume and rate results in a negative value, the total amount is allocated to volume or rate, depending on which amount is positive.
non-interest income non-interest income primarily consists of interchange income net of rewards expense, service charges and other customer-related fees, and other non-interest income. other non-interest income includes the pre-tax net benefit for mortgage representation and warranty losses related to continuing operations, gains and losses from the sale of investment securities, gains and losses on derivatives not accounted for in hedge accounting relationships, and hedge ineffectiveness.
47      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 4 displays the components of non-interest income for 2015, 2014 and 2013.
table 4: non-interest income year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                      2015                  2014                  2013
service charges and other customer-related fees                     $1,715                $1,867                $2,118
interchange fees, net                                                2,235                 2,021                 1,896
net other-than-temporary impairment recognized in earnings             (30    )              (24    )              (41    )
other non-interest income:
benefit for mortgage representation and warranty losses(1)              16                    26                    24
net (losses) gains from the sale of investment securities               (2    )               21                     7
net fair value gains on free-standing derivatives                       66                    52                     3
other                                                                  579                   509                   271
total other non-interest income                                        659                   608                   305
total non-interest income                                           $4,579                $4,472                $4,278
__________
(1)   represents the benefit for mortgage representation and warranty losses recorded in continuing operations. for the total impact to the net benefit for mortgage representation and warranty losses, including the portion recognized in our consolidated statements of income as a component of discontinued operations, see "md&amp;a-consolidated balance sheets analysis-table 13: changes in representation and warranty reserve."
non-interest income increased by $107 million to $4.6 billion in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily driven by an increase in interchange fees due to higher purchase volume in our credit card business, partially offset by (i) increased rewards expense due to a greater proportion of customers with rewards coupled with increased spend on products with higher rewards; and (ii) lower service charges and other customer-related fees primarily due to the continued run-off of our payment protection products in our domestic card business.
non-interest income increased by $194 million to $4.5 billion in 2014 compared to 2013. the main drivers included an increase in net interchange fees due to strong purchase volume in our credit card loan portfolio, partially offset by a decline in our service charges and other customer-related fees due to strategic choices we made related to our domestic card business.
provision for credit losses our provision for credit losses in each period is driven by net charge-offs, changes to the allowance for loan and lease losses and changes to the reserve for unfunded lending commitments. we recorded a provision for credit losses of $4.5 billion in 2015 and $3.5 billion in both 2014 and 2013. the provision for credit losses as a percentage of net interest income was 24.1%, 19.9% and 19.1% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
our provision for credit losses increased by $995 million in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase was primarily driven by (i) a larger allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio in 2015 due to continued loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rates, as well as higher charge-offs as new loan balances season; and (ii) a larger build in both the allowance and reserve for unfunded lending commitments resulting from adverse market conditions impacting our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio in our commercial banking business.
the increase in the provision for credit losses of $88 million in 2014 compared to 2013, was primarily driven by a small allowance build of $68 million in 2014 due to loan growth in our domestic card, auto and commercial portfolios, as compared to a release of $552 million in 2013 due to an improved credit outlook coupled with improvements in delinquency inventories in our domestic card portfolio, which were observed in 2014; partially offset by lower net charge-offs of $520 million in 2014 compared to 2013, mainly due to continued economic improvement and portfolio seasoning in our credit card loan portfolio.
we provide additional information on the provision for credit losses and changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses within "credit risk profile-summary of allowance for loan and lease losses," "note 5-loans" and "note 6-allowance for loan and lease losses." for information on the allowance methodology for each of our loan categories, see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies."
48      capital one financial corporation (cof)
non-interest expense non-interest expense consists of ongoing operating expenses, such as salaries and associate benefits, occupancy and equipment costs, professional services, communications and data processing expenses and other non-interest expenses, as well as marketing costs and amortization of intangibles.
table 5 displays the components of non-interest expense for 2015, 2014 and 2013.
table 5: non-interest expense year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                          2015                  2014                  2013
salaries and associate benefits                         $4,975                $4,593                $4,480
occupancy and equipment                                  1,829                 1,745                 1,541
marketing                                                1,744                 1,561                 1,373
professional services                                    1,292                 1,216                 1,347
communications and data processing                         883                   798                   897
amortization of intangibles                                430                   532                   671
other non-interest expense:
collections                                                322                   372                   470
fraud losses                                               316                   275                   218
bankcard, regulatory and other fee assessments             444                   465                   562
other                                                      761                   623                   794
other non-interest expense                               1,843                 1,735                 2,044
total non-interest expense                             $12,996               $12,180               $12,353
non-interest expense increased by $816 million to $13.0 billion in 2015 compared to 2014. the increase was primarily due to (i) higher personnel expenses and charges for severance and related benefits pursuant to our ongoing benefit programs and certain site closures, as a result of the realignment of our workforce; (ii) higher operating and marketing expenses associated with loan growth, as well as acquisition and operating expenses related to the ge healthcare acquisition; and (iii) continued technology and infrastructure investments. these increases were partially offset by a decline in the amortization of intangibles.
non-interest expense decreased by $173 million, to $12.2 billion in 2014 compared to 2013. the decrease reflects a decline in the amortization of intangibles and a reduction in acquisition-related costs and provision for litigation matters. these were partially offset by (i) higher marketing expenses associated with loan growth; (ii) higher operating expenses attributable to growth in our commercial and auto loan portfolios; and (iii) the change to include auto repossession-related expenses as a component of operating expenses (prior to january 1, 2014 these costs were reported as a component of net charge-offs), partially offset by lower bankcard, regulatory and other fee assessments and communications and data processing expenses.
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax income (loss) from discontinued operations reflects ongoing costs, which primarily consist of mortgage loan repurchase representation and warranty charges, related to the mortgage origination operations of our former wholesale mortgage banking unit, greenpoint mortgage funding, inc. ("greenpoint"), which was closed in 2007. income from discontinued operations, net of tax, was $38 million in 2015, compared to income from discontinued operations of $5 million in 2014 and a loss from discontinued operations of $233 million in 2013. we recorded a benefit net of tax for mortgage representation and warranty reserve of $41 million ($64 million before tax) in 2015, compared to a $4 million benefit net of tax ($7 million before tax) and a provision net of tax of $210 million ($333 million before tax) in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
we provide additional information on the net provision for mortgage representation and warranty losses and the related reserve for representation and warranty claims in "consolidated balance sheets analysis-mortgage representation and warranty reserve" and "note 21-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others."
49      capital one financial corporation (cof)
income taxes we recorded income tax provisions of $1.9 billion (31.8% effective income tax rate), $2.1 billion (32.7% effective income tax rate), $2.2 billion (33.8% effective income tax rate) in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. our effective tax rate on income from continuing operations varies between periods due, in part, to fluctuations in our pre-tax earnings, which affects the relative tax benefit of tax-exempt income, tax credits and other permanent tax items.
the decrease in our effective income tax rate in 2015, from 2014, was primarily due to lower income before taxes, higher discrete tax benefits and increased net tax credits. this decrease was partially offset by a reduced benefit of lower taxed foreign earnings.
the decrease in our effective income tax rate in 2014, from 2013, was primarily attributable to increased net tax credits and tax exempt income, and reductions in state rates, partially offset by increased discrete tax expenses.
we recorded net discrete tax benefits of $15 million in 2015, and net discrete tax expenses of $33 million and $16 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. our effective income tax rate, excluding the impact of discrete tax items discussed above, was 32.0%, 32.2% and 33.6% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
we provide additional information on items affecting our income taxes and effective tax rate under "note 18-income taxes."
business segment financial performance our principal operations are currently organized into three major business segments, which are defined based on the products and services provided or the type of customer served: credit card, consumer banking and commercial banking. the operations of acquired businesses have been integrated into our existing business segments. certain activities that are not part of a segment, such as management of our corporate investment portfolio and asset/liability management by our centralized corporate treasury group, are included in the other category.
the results of our individual businesses, which we report on a continuing operations basis, reflect the manner in which management evaluates performance and makes decisions about funding our operations and allocating resources. we may periodically change our business segments or reclassify business segment results based on modifications to our management reporting methodologies and changes in organizational alignment. our business segment results are intended to reflect each segment as if it were a stand-alone business. we use an internal management and reporting process to derive our business segment results. our internal management and reporting process employs various allocation methodologies, including funds transfer pricing, to assign certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses directly or indirectly attributable to each business segment. total interest income and net fees are directly attributable to the segment in which they are reported. the net interest income of each segment reflects the results of our funds transfer pricing process, which is primarily based on a matched maturity method that takes into consideration market rates. our funds transfer pricing process provides a funds credit for sources of funds, such as deposits generated by our consumer banking and commercial banking businesses, and a funds charge for the use of funds by each segment. the allocation process is unique to each business segment and acquired businesses. we regularly assess the assumptions, methodologies and reporting classifications used for segment reporting, which may result in the implementation of refinements or changes in future periods.
we refer to the business segment results derived from our internal management accounting and reporting process as our "managed" presentation, which differs in some cases from our reported results prepared based on u.s. gaap. there is no comprehensive authoritative body of guidance for management accounting equivalent to u.s. gaap; therefore, the managed presentation of our business segment results may not be comparable to similar information provided by other financial services companies. in addition, our individual business segment results should not be used as a substitute for comparable results determined in accordance with u.s. gaap.
below we summarize our business segment results for 2015, 2014 and 2013 and provide a comparative discussion of these results. we also discuss changes in our financial condition and credit performance statistics as of december 31, 2015, compared to december 31, 2014. we provide a reconciliation of our total business segment results to our reported consolidated results in "note 20-business segments." additionally, we provide information on the outlook for each of our business segments as described above under "executive summary and business outlook."
50      capital one financial corporation (cof)
credit card business the primary sources of revenue for our credit card business are interest income, net interchange income and fees collected from customers. expenses primarily consist of the provision for credit losses, operating costs such as salaries and associate benefits, occupancy and equipment, professional services, communications and data processing expenses and marketing expenses.
our credit card business generated net income from continuing operations of $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
table 6 summarizes the financial results of our credit card business, which is comprised of domestic card and international card, and displays selected key metrics for the periods indicated.
table 6: credit card business results year ended december 31,                                      change
(dollars in millions)                                                                      2015                         2014                   2013         2015 vs. 2014         2014 vs. 2013
selected income statement data:
net interest income                                                             $11,161                      $10,310                  $10,967                 8%                  (6)%
non-interest income                                                               3,421                        3,311                    3,320                  3                     -
total net revenue(1)                                                             14,582                       13,621                   14,287                  7                    (5        )
provision for credit losses                                                       3,417                        2,750                    2,824                 24                    (3        )
non-interest expense                                                              7,502                        7,063                    7,439                  6                    (5        )
income from continuing operations before income taxes                             3,663                        3,808                    4,024                 (4        )           (5        )
income tax provision                                                              1,309                        1,329                    1,409                 (2        )           (6        )
income from continuing operations, net of tax                                    $2,354                       $2,479                   $2,615                 (5        )           (5        )
selected performance metrics:
average loans held for investment(2)                                            $86,735                      $78,946                  $79,207                 10                     -
average yield on loans held for investment(3)                                    14.28%                       14.48%                   15.37%                (20     )bps          (89     )bps total net revenue margin(4)                                                       16.81                        17.25                    18.04                (44        )          (79        )
net charge-offs                                                                  $2,918                       $2,728                   $3,285                 7%                 (17)%
net charge-off rate                                                               3.36%                        3.46%                    4.15%                (10     )bps          (69     )bps card loan premium amortization and other intangible accretion(5)                    $28                          $97                     $198              (71)%                 (51)%
purchased credit card relationship ("pccr") intangible amortization                 316                          369                      434                (14        )          (15        )
purchase volume(6)                                                              271,167                      224,750                  201,074                 21            12
(dollars in millions)                                                         december 31, 2015            december 31, 2014                 change selected period-end data:
loans held for investment(2)                                                    $96,125                      $85,876                      12%
30+ day performing delinquency rate                                                3.36       %                 3.24       %               12   bps
30+ day delinquency rate                                                           3.40                         3.30                       10
nonperforming loan rate                                                            0.06                         0.08                       (2     )
allowance for loan and lease losses                                              $3,654                       $3,204                      14%
allowance coverage ratio(7)                                                        3.80       %                 3.73       %                7   bps
__________
(1)   we recognize billed finance charges and fee income on open-ended loans in accordance with the contractual provisions of the credit arrangements and estimate the uncollectible amount on a quarterly basis. the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees is reflected as a reduction in revenue and is not included in our net charge-offs. total net revenue was reduced by $732 million, $645 million and $796 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, for the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees. the finance charge and fee reserve totaled $262 million and $216 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(2)   period-end loans held for investment and average loans held for investment include accrued finance charges and fees, net of the estimated uncollectible amount.
51      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(3)   calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. interest income excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment. the transfer of the best buy stores, l.p. ("best buy") loan portfolio to held for sale resulted in an increase in the average yield for the total credit card business of 90 basis points in 2013.
(4)   calculated by dividing total net revenue for the period by average loans held for investment during the period for the specified loan category. interest income also includes interest income on loans held for sale. the transfer of the best buy loan portfolio from loans held for investment to loans held for sale resulted in an increase in the net revenue margin for the total credit card business of 100 basis points in 2013.
(5)   represents the net reduction in interest income attributable to the amortization of premiums on purchased loans accounted for based on contractual cash flows and the accretion of other intangibles associated with the 2012 u.s. card acquisition.
(6)   consists of credit card purchase transactions, net of returns for the period for both loans classified as held for investment and loans classified as held for sale. excludes cash advance and balance transfer transactions.
(7)   calculated by dividing the allowance for loan and lease losses as of the end of the period by period-end loans held for investment.
key factors affecting the results of our credit card business for 2015, compared to 2014, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014 include the following:
•   net interest income: net interest income increased by $851 million to $11.2 billion in 2015, primarily driven by loan growth in our domestic card business.
•   non-interest income: non-interest income increased by $110 million to $3.4 billion in 2015. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in interchange fees driven by higher purchase volume, partially offset by (i) increased rewards expense due to a greater proportion of customers with rewards coupled with increased spend on products with higher rewards; and (ii) lower service charges and other customer-related fees primarily due to the continued run-off of our payment protection products in our domestic card business.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $667 million to $3.4 billion in 2015, primarily driven by a larger allowance build in our domestic credit card loan portfolio in 2015 due to continued loan growth coupled with our expectations for rising charge-off rates, as well as higher charge-offs as new loan balances season.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $439 million to $7.5 billion in 2015. the increase was due to higher operating and marketing expenses associated with loan growth, partially offset by operating efficiencies and lower intangibles amortization expense.
•   loans held for investment: period-end loans held for investment increased by $10.2 billion to $96.1 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014, and average loans held for investment increased by $7.8 billion to $86.7 billion in 2015 compared to 2014. the increases were primarily due to loan growth in our domestic card loan portfolio, partially offset by the impact of foreign exchange rates in our international card loan portfolio driven by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar in 2015.
•   net charge-off and delinquency statistics: the net charge-off rate decreased by 10 basis points to 3.36% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by our international card loan portfolio which benefited from the ramp up of our international partnership portfolio in canada. the 30+ day delinquency rate increased by 10 basis points to 3.40% as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014 due to the seasoning of our domestic card portfolio growth which has begun to put upward pressure on delinquencies.
key factors affecting the results of our credit card business for 2014, compared to 2013, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 include the following:
•   net interest income: net interest income decreased by $657 million to $10.3 billion in 2014. the decrease in net interest income was primarily driven by the portfolio sale in the third quarter of 2013.
•   non-interest income: non-interest income was consistent at $3.3 billion in 2014 compared to 2013. during 2014 there was an increase in net interchange fees driven by higher purchase volume, offset by a reduction in service charges and other customer-related fees due to strategic choices we made in our domestic card business.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses decreased by $74 million to $2.8 billion in 2014. the decrease was due to lower net charge-offs, partially offset by an absence of a release in the allowance for loan and lease losses that was incurred in 2013 related to the domestic card loan portfolio.
52      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense decreased by $376 million to $7.1 billion in 2014. the decrease was largely due to (i) lower acquisition-related costs; (ii) lower operating expenses driven by the portfolio sale; (iii) operating efficiencies; and (iv) lower provision for litigation matters; partially offset by higher marketing expenses. non-interest expense also included pccr intangible amortization of $369 million in 2014.
•   loans held for investment: period-end loans held for investment increased by $4.6 billion to $85.9 billion as of december 31, 2014 from december 31, 2013. this increase was primarily driven by growth in the domestic card loan portfolio. average loans held for investment decreased by $261 million to $78.9 billion in 2014 compared to 2013, due to the run-off of certain loans acquired in the 2012 u.s. card acquisition, as well as the portfolio sale in 2013, partially offset by growth in the second half of 2014.
•   net charge-off and delinquency statistics: the net charge-off rate decreased by 69 basis points to 3.46% in 2014 compared to 2013, largely due to continued economic improvement and portfolio seasoning. the 30+ day delinquency rate decreased by 24 basis points to 3.30% as of december 31, 2014 from december 31, 2013, due to lower delinquency inventories.
domestic card business domestic card generated net income from continuing operations of $2.2 billion in both 2015 and 2014, and $2.4 billion in 2013. domestic card accounted for 91% of total net revenues of our credit card business in 2015, compared to 90% in both 2014 and 2013. income attributable to domestic card represented 95% of net income of our credit card business in 2015, compared to 90% and 91% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the higher portion of total net revenue attributable to domestic card was primarily due to strong loan growth in our domestic business, the impact of foreign exchange rates driven by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar, as well as the build in our u.k. ppi reserve in our international card business.table 6.1 summarizes the financial results for domestic card and displays selected key metrics for the periods indicated.
table 6.1: domestic card business results year ended december 31,                                      change
(dollars in millions)                                                            2015                  2014                  2013         2015 vs. 2014         2014 vs. 2013
selected income statement data:
net interest income                                                      $10,147                $9,241                $9,887               10%                  (7)%
non-interest income                                                        3,183                 3,001                 2,957                 6                     1
total net revenue(1)                                                      13,330                12,242                12,844                 9                    (5        )
provision for credit losses                                                3,204                 2,493                 2,502                29                     -
non-interest expense                                                       6,627                 6,264                 6,645                 6                    (6        )
income from continuing operations before income taxes                      3,499                 3,485                 3,697                 -                    (6        )
income tax provision                                                       1,267                 1,246                 1,316                 2                    (5        )
income from continuing operations, net of tax                             $2,232                $2,239                $2,381                 -                    (6        )
selected performance metrics:
average loans held for investment(2)                                     $78,743               $71,262               $71,234                10                     -
average yield on loans held for investment(3)                             14.21%                14.26%                15.27%                (5     )bps         (101     )bps total net revenue margin(4)                                                16.93                 17.18                 18.03               (25        )          (85        )
net charge-offs                                                           $2,718                $2,445                $2,904               11%                 (16)%
net charge-off rate                                                        3.45%                 3.43%                 4.08%                 2      bps          (65     )bps card loan premium amortization and other intangible accretion(5)             $28                   $97                  $198             (71)%                 (51)%
pccr intangible amortization                                                 316                   369                   434               (14        )          (15        )
purchase volume(6)                                                       246,740               208,716               186,901                18                    12
53      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(dollars in millions)                     december 31, 2015       december 31, 2014             change selected period-end data:
loans held for investment(2)                $87,939                 $77,704                  13%
30+ day delinquency rate                      3.39%                   3.27%                   12   bps allowance for loan and lease losses          $3,355                  $2,878                  17%
allowance coverage ratio(7)                   3.82%                   3.70%                   12   bps
__________
(1)   we recognize billed finance charges and fee income on open-ended loans in accordance with the contractual provisions of the credit arrangements and estimate the uncollectible amount on a quarterly basis. the estimated uncollectible amount of billed finance charges and fees is reflected as a reduction in revenue and is not included in our net charge-offs.
(2)   period-end loans held for investment and average loans held for investment include accrued finance charges and fees, net of the estimated uncollectible amount.
(3)   calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period for the specified loan category. interest income includes interest income on loans held for sale and excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment. the transfer of the best buy loan portfolio from loans held for investment to loans held for sale resulted in an increase in the average yield for the domestic card business of 99 basis points in 2013.
(4)   calculated by dividing total net revenue for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. the transfer of the best buy loan portfolio from loans held for investment to loans held for sale resulted in an increase in the net revenue margin for the domestic card business of 111 basis points in 2013.
(5)   represents the net reduction in interest income attributable to the amortization of premiums on purchased loans accounted for based on contractual cash flows and the accretion of other intangibles associated with the 2012 u.s. card acquisition.
(6)   consists of domestic card purchase transactions, net of returns, for the period for both loans classified as held for investment and loans classified as held for sale. excludes cash advance and balance transfer transactions.
(7)   calculated by dividing the allowance for loan and lease losses as of the end of the period by period-end loans held for investment.
because our domestic card business accounts for the substantial majority of our credit card business, the key factors driving the results discussed above are similar to the key factors affecting our total credit card business. net income for our domestic card business remained flat in 2015, compared to 2014 as continued loan growth drove increases in both revenue and expenses, including provision for credit losses, and operating and marketing expenses.
the primary driver of the decline in net income for our domestic card business in 2014, compared to 2013, was a decrease in revenue primarily driven by the portfolio sale and higher marketing expenses, partially offset by lower acquisition-related costs and provision for litigation matters, as well as lower operating expenses attributable to the portfolio sale in 2013 and operating efficiencies.
international card business international card generated net income from continuing operations of $122 million, $240 million and $234 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease of net income in 2015, compared to 2014 was primarily due to a build of $147 million in our u.k. ppi reserve in 2015, which resulted in a reduction to net revenue and an increase in non-interest expense, and the impact of foreign exchange rates driven by the strengthening of the u.s. dollar in 2015.
the increase of net income in 2014, compared to 2013, was primarily due to a lower provision for credit losses, attributable to lower net charge-offs resulting from credit improvement, partially offset by lower non-interest income due to a decrease in service charges and other customer-related fees.
54      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 6.2 summarizes the financial results for international card and displays selected key metrics for the periods indicated.
table 6.2: international card business results year ended december 31,                                      change
(dollars in millions)                                                        2015                         2014                  2013         2015 vs. 2014         2014 vs. 2013
selected income statement data:
net interest income                                                $1,014                       $1,069                   $1,080              (5)%                  (1)%
non-interest income                                                   238                          310                      363               (23        )          (15        )
total net revenue                                                   1,252                        1,379                    1,443                (9        )           (4        )
provision for credit losses                                           213                          257                      322               (17        )          (20        )
non-interest expense                                                  875                          799                      794                10                     1
income from continuing operations before income taxes                 164                          323                      327               (49        )           (1        )
income tax provision                                                   42                           83                       93               (49        )          (11        )
income from continuing operations, net of tax                        $122                         $240                     $234               (49        )            3
selected performance metrics:
average loans held for investment(1)                               $7,992                       $7,684                   $7,973                 4                    (4        )
average yield on loans held for investment(2)                      15.02%                       16.53%                   16.24%              (151     )bps           29      bps total net revenue margin(3)                                         15.66                        17.95                    18.10              (229        )          (15        )
net charge-offs                                                      $200                         $283                     $381             (29)%                 (26)%
net charge-off rate                                                 2.50%                        3.69%                    4.78%              (119     )bps         (109     )bps purchase volume(4)                                                $24,427                      $16,034                  $14,173               52%                    13        %
(dollars in millions)                                           december 31, 2015            december 31, 2014                change selected period-end data:
loans held for investment(1)                                       $8,186                       $8,172                             -
30+ day performing delinquency rate                                 2.98%                        2.94%                          4bps
30+ day delinquency rate                                             3.46                         3.60                          (14)
nonperforming loan rate                                              0.65                         0.86                          (21)
allowance for loan and lease losses                                  $299                         $326                          (8)%
allowance coverage ratio(5)                                         3.66%                        3.99%                       (33)bps
__________
(1)   period-end loans held for investment and average loans held for investment include accrued finance charges and fees, net of the estimated uncollectible amount.
(2)   calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. interest income excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment.
(3)   calculated by dividing total net revenue for the period by average loans held for investment during the period.
(4)   consists of international card purchase transactions, net of returns for the period. excludes cash advance and balance transfer transactions.
(5)   calculated by dividing the allowance for loan and lease losses as of the end of the period by period-end loans held for investment.
55      capital one financial corporation (cof)
consumer banking business the primary sources of revenue for our consumer banking business are net interest income from loans and deposits and non-interest income from service charges and customer-related fees. expenses primarily consist of the provision for credit losses, operating costs, such as salaries and associate benefits, occupancy and equipment costs, professional services, communications and data processing expenses, as well as marketing expenses.
our consumer banking business generated net income from continuing operations of $1.0 billion, $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
table 7 summarizes the financial results of our consumer banking business and displays selected key metrics for the periods indicated.
table 7: consumer banking business results year ended december 31,                                      change
(dollars in millions)                                                   2015                    2014                    2013         2015 vs. 2014         2014 vs. 2013
selected income statement data:
net interest income                                              $5,755                  $5,748                  $5,905                 -                  (3)%
non-interest income                                                 710                     684                     749                4%                    (9        )
total net revenue                                                 6,465                   6,432                   6,654                 1                    (3        )
provision for credit losses                                         819                     703                     656                17                     7
non-interest expense                                              4,026                   3,869                   3,745                 4                     3
income from continuing operations before income taxes             1,620                   1,860                   2,253               (13        )          (17        )
income tax provision                                                586                     665                     802               (12        )          (17        )
income from continuing operations, net of tax                    $1,034                  $1,195                  $1,451               (13        )          (18        )
selected performance metrics:
average loans held for investment:(1)
auto                                                            $39,967                 $34,769                 $29,446                15                    18
home loan                                                        27,601                  32,589                  39,322               (15        )          (17        )
retail banking                                                    3,582                   3,606                   3,699                (1        )           (3        )
total consumer banking                                          $71,150                 $70,964                 $72,467                 -                    (2        )
average yield on loans held for investment(2)                     6.26%                   6.26%                   6.10%                 -                    16      bps average deposits                                               $170,757                $168,623                $169,683                1%                  (1)%
average deposit interest rate                                     0.56%                   0.57%                   0.63%                (1     )bps           (6     )bps core deposit intangible amortization                                $79                    $108                    $138             (27)%                 (22)%
net charge-offs                                                     731                     675                     616                 8                    10
net charge-off rate                                               1.03%                   0.95%                   0.85%                 8      bps           10      bps net charge-off rate (excluding acquired loans)(3)                  1.45                    1.49                    1.51                (4        )           (2        )
auto loan originations                                          $21,185                 $20,903                 $17,388                1%                    20        %
56      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(dollars in millions)                                                       december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014             change selected period-end data:
loans held for investment:(1)
auto                                                                          $41,549                     $37,824                  10%
home loan                                                                      25,227                      30,035                  (16     )
retail banking                                                                  3,596                       3,580                    -
total consumer banking                                                        $70,372                     $71,439                   (1     )
30+ day performing delinquency rate                                             4.05%                       3.60%                   45   bps
30+ day performing delinquency rate (excluding acquired loans)(3)                5.50                        5.34                   16
30+ day delinquency rate                                                         4.67                        4.23                   44
30+ day delinquency rate (excluding acquired loans)(3)                           6.34                        6.28                    6
nonperforming loans rate                                                         0.79                        0.77                    2
nonperforming loans rate (excluding acquired loans)(3)                           1.08                        1.14                   (6     )
nonperforming asset rate(4)                                                      1.10                        1.06                    4
nonperforming asset rate (excluding acquired loans)(3)(4)                        1.50                        1.57                   (7     )
allowance for loan and lease losses                                              $868                        $779                  11%
allowance coverage ratio(5)(6)                                                  1.23%                       1.09%                   14   bps deposits                                                                     $172,702                    $168,078                   3%
loans serviced for others                                                       7,530                       6,701                   12
__________
(1)   the period-end consumer banking loans held for investment includes acquired loans with carrying values of $18.6 billion and $23.3 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the average balance of consumer banking loans held for investment includes acquired loans of $20.7 billion, $25.6 billion and $31.7 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see "md&amp;a-glossary and acronyms" for the definition of "acquired loans."
(2)   calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. interest income excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment.
(3)   see "md&amp;a-credit risk profile" and "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for additional information on the impact of acquired loans on our credit quality metrics.
(4)   nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans, real estate owned ("reo") and other foreclosed assets. the nonperforming asset rate is calculated based on nonperforming assets as of the end of the period divided by the sum of period-end loans held for investment, foreclosed properties and other foreclosed assets, and is adjusted to exclude the impact of acquired reos.
(5)   calculated by dividing the allowance for loan and lease losses as of the end of the period by period-end loans held for investment.
(6)   excluding the impact of acquired home loans, the coverage ratios for our home loan portfolio and total consumer banking were 0.50% and 1.60%, respectively, as of december 31, 2015, compared to 0.52% and 1.56%, respectively, as of december 31, 2014.
key factors affecting the results of our consumer banking business for 2015, compared to 2014, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014 include the following:
•   net interest income: net interest income remained flat at $5.8 billion in 2015, as the higher net interest income generated by the growth in our auto loan portfolio was partially offset by lower net interest income from our home loan portfolio attributable to the planned run-off of the acquired portfolio and margin compression in auto loans.
consumer banking loan yield remained flat at 6.3% in 2015, as the decrease in average loan yield in our auto loan portfolio was offset by changes in the product mix in consumer banking as a result of growth in our auto loan portfolio and the planned run-off of the acquired home loan portfolio. the increase in our auto loan portfolio in relation to our total consumer banking loan portfolio drove an increase in the total consumer banking yield, even as the average yield on auto loans decreased by 65 basis points to 8.0% in 2015. this decrease was primarily attributable to two factors: (i) a shift to a higher proportion of prime auto loans; and (ii) continued competition across the auto business. the average yield on the home loan portfolio increased by 6 basis points to 3.9% in 2015, as a result of higher yield on our acquired home loan portfolio.
•   non-interest income: non-interest income increased by $26 million to $710 million in 2015, primarily due to the gain recognized on loans originated and sold within our home loan portfolio.
57      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $116 million to $819 million in 2015, driven by an allowance build across our consumer banking loan portfolios, coupled with higher net charge-offs due to continued growth in our auto loan portfolio.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $157 million to $4.0 billion in 2015, largely due to increased operating expenses due to continued technology and infrastructure investments in our retail banking business and growth in our auto loan portfolio.
•   loans held for investment: period-end loans held for investment decreased by $1.1 billion to $70.4 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014, primarily due to the planned run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio, partially offset by growth in our auto loan portfolio. average loans held for investment were substantially flat, increasing by $186 million, or 0.3%, to $71.2 billion in 2015 compared to 2014.
•   deposits: period-end deposits increased by $4.6 billion to $172.7 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014, primarily driven by our continued focus on deposit relationships with existing customers and attracting new customers.
•   net charge-off and delinquency statistics: the net charge-off rate increased by 8 basis points to 1.03% in 2015 compared to 2014. the 30+ day delinquency rate increased by 44 basis points to 4.67% as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. the increase in the net charge-off rate and 30+ day delinquency rate reflected the planned run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio, which generally does not have charge-offs or delinquencies since these loans were recorded at fair value at acquisition, and a greater portion of auto loans in our portfolio, which have a higher charge-off and delinquency rate than other products within the total consumer banking loan portfolio.
key factors affecting the results of our consumer banking business for 2014, compared to 2013, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 include the following:
•   net interest income: net interest income decreased by $157 million to $5.7 billion in 2014. the decrease in net interest income was primarily attributable to compression in deposit spreads in retail banking due to the lower interest rate environment, declining home loan portfolio balances, and margin compression in our auto loan portfolio. the decreases were partially offset by higher net interest income generated by growth in our auto loan portfolio.
consumer banking loan yields increased by 16 basis points to 6.3% in 2014. the increase in 2014 was driven by changes in the product mix in consumer banking as a result of growth in our auto loan portfolio and the run-off of the acquired home loan portfolio. the increase in our auto loans in relation to our total consumer banking loan portfolio drove an increase in the total consumer banking yield, even as the average yield on auto loans decreased by 109 basis points to 8.7% in 2014. this decrease was primarily attributable to a shift to a higher portion of prime auto loans and increased competition in the auto business. the average yield on home loans portfolio increased by 38 basis points to 3.8% in 2014. the higher yield in the home loan portfolio was driven by an increase in expected cash flows as a result of credit improvement on the acquired home loan portfolio.
•   non-interest income: non-interest income decreased by $65 million to $684 million in 2014. the decrease in non-interest income in 2014 was primarily attributable to the sale of certain msrs in 2013.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $47 million to $703 million in 2014. the increase in 2014, as compared to 2013, was driven by higher net charge-offs due to the growth in our auto loan portfolio and a smaller release of the allowance for loan and lease losses in the retail banking and home loan portfolios, offset by a smaller allowance build in the auto loan portfolio.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $124 million to $3.9 billion in 2014. the increase was largely due to the growth in our auto loan portfolio and to a smaller degree, the change to include the auto repossession-related expenses as a component of operating expenses. prior to january 1, 2014, these costs were reported as a component of net charge-offs.
•   loans held for investment: period-end loans held for investment increased by $677 million to $71.4 billion as of december 31, 2014 from december 31, 2013, primarily due to the growth in the auto loan portfolio, mostly offset by the run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio. average loans held for investment decreased by $1.5 billion to $71.0 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 due to the run-off in our acquired home loan portfolio outpacing growth in our auto loan portfolio.
58      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   deposits: period-end deposits increased by $426 million to $168.1 billion as of december 31, 2014, from december 31, 2013.
•   net charge-off and delinquency statistics: the net charge-off rate increased by 10 basis points to 0.95% in 2014 compared to 2013. the increase in the net charge-off rate reflected a shift in the mix of the portfolio toward auto loans (which typically carry higher net charge-off rates than our home loan portfolio), as the home loan portfolio runs off. the 30+ day delinquency rate increased by 34 basis points to 4.23% as of december 31, 2014 from december 31, 2013.
commercial banking business the primary sources of revenue for our commercial banking business are net interest income from loans and deposits and non-interest income from customer fees and other transactions. because we have some investments that generate tax-exempt income or tax credits, we make certain reclassifications to our commercial banking business results to present revenues on a taxable-equivalent basis. expenses primarily consist of the provision for credit losses, operating costs, such as salaries and associate benefits, occupancy, equipment, professional services, communications and data processing expenses, as well as marketing expenses.
our commercial banking business generated net income from continuing operations of $570 million, $659 million and $731 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. table 8 summarizes the financial results of our commercial banking business and displays selected key metrics for the periods indicated.
table 8: commercial banking business results year ended december 31,                                      change
(dollars in millions)                                                 2015                  2014                  2013         2015 vs. 2014         2014 vs. 2013
selected income statement data:
net interest income                                            $1,865                $1,751                $1,674                7%                    5%
non-interest income                                               487                   450                   395                 8                    14
total net revenue(1)                                            2,352                 2,201                 2,069                 7                     6
provision (benefit) for credit losses(2)                          302                    93                   (24    )          225                    **
non-interest expense                                            1,156                 1,083                   958                 7                    13
income from continuing operations before income taxes             894                 1,025                 1,135               (13        )          (10        )
income tax provision                                              324                   366                   404               (11        )           (9        )
income from continuing operations, net of tax                    $570                  $659                  $731               (14        )          (10        )
selected performance metrics:
average loans held for investment:(3)
commercial and multifamily real estate                        $23,728               $22,003               $18,636                 8                    18
commercial and industrial                                      28,349                25,028                21,062                13                    19
total commercial lending                                       52,077                47,031                39,698                11                    18
small-ticket commercial real estate                               692                   868                 1,073               (20        )          (19        )
total commercial banking                                      $52,769               $47,899               $40,771                10                    17
average yield on loans held for investment(1)                   3.21%                 3.42%                 3.88%               (21     )bps          (46     )bps average deposits                                              $33,058               $31,752               $30,702                4%                    3%
average deposit interest rate                                   0.25%                 0.24%                 0.27%                 1      bps           (3     )bps core deposit intangible amortization                              $15                   $21                   $27             (29)%                 (22)%
net charge-offs                                                    47                    10                    14               370                   (29        )
net charge-off rate                                             0.09%                 0.02%                 0.03%                 7      bps           (1     )bps
59      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(dollars in millions)                            december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014             change selected period-end data:
loans held for investment:(3)
commercial and multifamily real estate             $25,518                     $23,137                  10%
commercial and industrial                           37,135                      26,972                   38
total commercial lending                            62,653                      50,109                   25
small-ticket commercial real estate                    613                         781                  (22     )
total commercial banking                           $63,266                     $50,890                   24
nonperforming loans rate                             0.87%                       0.34%                   53   bps nonperforming asset rate(4)                           0.87                        0.36                   51
allowance for loan and lease losses(2)                $604                        $395                  53%
allowance coverage ratio(5)                          0.95%                       0.78%                   17   bps deposits                                           $34,257                     $31,954                   7%
loans serviced for others(6)                        17,643                      14,131                   25
__________
**   change is not meaningful.
(1)   the average yield on loans held for investment is calculated by dividing interest income for the period by average loans held for investment during the period. interest income excludes various allocations including funds transfer pricing that assigns certain balance sheet assets, deposits and other liabilities and their related revenue and expenses attributable to each business segment. some of our tax-related commercial investments generate tax-exempt income or tax credits. accordingly, we make certain reclassifications within our commercial banking business results to present revenues and yields on a taxable-equivalent basis, calculated assuming an effective tax rate approximately equal to our federal statutory tax rate of 35%.
(2)   the provision for unfunded lending commitments is included in the provision for credit losses in our consolidated statements of income and the related reserve for unfunded lending commitments is included in other liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets. we recorded a reserve for unfunded lending commitments of $161 million, $106 million and $80 million as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(3)   the period-end commercial banking loans held for investment include acquired loans with carrying value of $958 million and $191 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the average balance of commercial banking loans held for investment includes acquired loans of $215 million, $217 million and $303 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. see "md&amp;a-glossary and acronyms" for the definition of "acquired loans."
(4)   nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans, real estate owned ("reo") and other foreclosed assets. the nonperforming asset rate is calculated based on nonperforming assets as of the end of the period divided by the sum of period-end loans held for investment, foreclosed properties and other foreclosed assets, and is adjusted to exclude the impact of acquired reos.
(5)   calculated by dividing the allowance for loan and lease losses as of the end of the period by period-end loans held for investment.
(6)   represents our portfolio of loans serviced for third parties related to our multifamily finance business.
key factors affecting the results of our commercial banking business for 2015, compared to 2014, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014 include the following:
•   net interest income: net interest income increased by $114 million to $1.9 billion in 2015. the increase was due to growth in commercial and industrial and commercial and multifamily real estate average loans, partially offset by lower loan yields driven by market and competitive pressures.
•   non-interest income: non-interest income increased by $37 million to $487 million in 2015 primarily driven by increased revenue from products and services provided to our commercial customers.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $209 million to $302 million in 2015. the increase was primarily driven by a larger build in both the allowance and the reserve for unfunded lending commitments resulting from adverse market conditions impacting our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio. see "md&amp;a-table 17-commercial loans by industry" for additional information about the composition of our commercial banking loan portfolio, and "note 5-loans" for additional information about credit metrics for our commercial banking loan portfolio.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $73 million to $1.2 billion in 2015, driven by higher operating expenses due to costs associated with the ge healthcare acquisition and continued growth in our commercial banking business.
•   loans held for investment: period-end loans held for investment increased by $12.4 billion to $63.3 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014 driven by the ge healthcare acquisition as well as growth in our commercial
60      capital one financial corporation (cof)
and multifamily real estate loan portfolios. average loans held for investment increased by $4.9 billion to $52.8 billion in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily driven by growth in our commercial and multifamily real estate loan portfolios.
•   deposits: period-end deposits increased by $2.3 billion to $34.3 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014, driven by our strategy to strengthen existing relationships with and increase liquidity from our commercial customers.
•   net charge-off and nonperforming statistics: the net charge-off rate increased by 7 basis points to 0.09% in 2015 compared to 2014. the nonperforming loans rate increased by 53 basis points to 0.87% as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. the increases in these rates reflect losses and credit risk rating downgrades in our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio.
key factors affecting the results of our commercial banking business for 2014, compared to 2013, and changes in financial condition and credit performance between december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 include the following:
•   net interest income: net interest income increased by $77 million to $1.8 billion in 2014. the increase was driven by growth in commercial and multifamily real estate and commercial and industrial loans, partially offset by lower loan yields driven by market and competitive pressures.
•   non-interest income: non-interest income increased by $55 million to $450 million in 2014, primarily driven by increased revenue related to fee-based services and products attributable to multifamily finance business.
•   provision for credit losses: the provision for credit losses increased by $117 million to $93 million in 2014, primarily due to the change from an allowance release in 2013 driven by credit improvements, to an allowance build in 2014 attributable to loan growth and portfolio specific risks. the above impact was partially offset by a smaller reserve build due to lower growth in unfunded lending commitments.
•   non-interest expense: non-interest expense increased by $125 million to $1.1 billion in 2014, driven by operating expenses associated with continued investments in business growth.
•   loans held for investment: period-end loans held for investment increased by $5.9 billion to $50.9 billion as of december 31, 2014 from december 31, 2013, and average loans held for investment increased by $7.1 billion to $47.9 billion in 2014 compared to 2013. the increases were driven by loan growth in the commercial and industrial and commercial and multifamily real estate businesses.
•   deposits: period-end deposits increased by $1.4 billion to $32.0 billion as of december 31, 2014 from december 31, 2013, driven by our strategy to deepen and expand relationships with commercial customers.
•   net charge-off statistics: the net charge-off rate decreased by 1 basis point to 0.02% in 2014. the nonperforming loans rate increased by 1 basis point to 0.34% as of december 31, 2014 from december 31, 2013. the continued strength in the credit metrics in our commercial banking business reflects stable credit trends.
other category other includes unallocated amounts related to our centralized corporate treasury group activities, such as management of our corporate investment portfolio and asset/liability management, and certain capital management activities. other also includes foreign exchange-rate fluctuations on foreign currency-denominated balances; unallocated corporate expenses that do not directly support the operations of the business segments or for which the business segments are not considered financially accountable in evaluating their performance, such as certain acquisition and restructuring charges; a portion of the net provision (benefit) for representation and warranty losses related to continuing operations; and offsets related to certain line-item reclassifications.
61      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 9 summarizes the financial results of our other category for the periods indicated.
table 9: other category results year ended december 31,                                      change
(dollars in millions)                                              2015                2014                2013         2015 vs. 2014       2014 vs. 2013
selected income statement data:
net interest income (expense)                                  $53                  $9               $(440    )           **                **
non-interest income                                            (39    )             27                (186    )           **                **
total net revenue (loss)(1)                                     14                  36                (626    )          (61   )%           **
benefit for credit losses                                       (2    )             (5    )             (3    )          (60   )        67           %
non-interest expense                                           312                 165                 211                89                (22      )
loss from continuing operations before income taxes           (296    )           (124    )           (834    )          139                (85      )
income tax benefit                                            (350    )           (214    )           (391    )           64                (45      )
income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax           $54                 $90               $(443    )          (40   )            **
__________
**   change is not meaningful.
(1)   some of our tax-related commercial investments generate tax-exempt income or tax credits, accordingly we make certain reclassifications within our commercial banking business results to present revenues and yields on a taxable-equivalent basis, calculated assuming an effective tax rate approximately equal to our federal statutory tax rate of 35%, with offsetting reclassifications within the other category.
net income from continuing operations recorded in the other category was $54 million in 2015, compared to $90 million in 2014. the reduction in net income in 2015 was primarily due to charges associated with (i) severance and related benefits pursuant to our ongoing benefit program as a result of the realignment of our workforce; and (ii) certain planned site closures, partially offset by higher discrete tax benefits and net tax credits.
net income from continuing operations recorded in the other category was $90 million in 2014, compared to a net loss from continuing operations of $443 million in 2013. the shift to a net profit from a net loss was primarily due to lower funding costs, as well as the absence of the one-time charge associated with our redemption of trust preferred securities in january 2013.
62      capital one financial corporation (cof)
consolidated balance sheets analysis total assets increased by $25.9 billion to $334.0 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014 primarily attributable to (i) an increase of $21.5 billion in loans held for investment due to growth in our credit card, auto and commercial portfolios, including loans acquired from the ge healthcare acquisition, partially offset by the planned run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio; and (ii) an increase of $1.7 billion in investment securities due to purchases outpacing sales, maturities and paydowns. total liabilities increased by $23.7 billion to $286.8 billion as of december 31, 2015, primarily driven by higher deposit and outstanding debt due to new issuances outpacing maturities. stockholders' equity increased by $2.2 billion to $47.3 billion as of december 31, 2015, primarily due to our net income of $4.1 billion in 2015 and $1.5 billion of proceeds from the issuance of preferred stock, partially offset by $2.4 billion of share repurchases under our 2014 and 2015 stock repurchase programs and dividend payments.
the following is a discussion of material changes in the major components of our assets and liabilities during 2015. period-end balance sheet amounts may vary from average balance sheet amounts due to liquidity and balance sheet management activities that are intended to ensure the adequacy of capital while managing our liquidity requirements for the company and our customers and our market risk exposure in accordance with our risk appetite.
investment securities our investment portfolio consists primarily of the following: u.s. treasury securities; corporate debt securities guaranteed by u.s. government agencies; u.s. government-sponsored enterprise or agency ("agency") and non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities ("rmbs") and commercial mortgage-backed securities ("cmbs"); other asset-backed securities ("abs"); and other securities. the carrying value of our investments in u.s. treasury, agency securities and other securities guaranteed by the u.s. government or agencies of the u.s. government represented 90% and 86% of our total investment securities portfolio as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the fair value of our securities available for sale portfolio was $39.1 billion as of december 31, 2015, a decrease of $447 million from $39.5 billion as of december 31, 2014. the decrease was primarily due to higher interest rates. the fair value of our securities held to maturity portfolio was $25.3 billion as of december 31, 2015, an increase of $1.7 billion from $23.6 billion as of december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily due to growth in this portfolio as purchases outpaced maturities and paydowns, slightly offset by decreases in fair value due to higher interest rates.
gross unrealized gains on available for sale investment securities decreased to $578 million as of december 31, 2015 compared to $886 million as of december 31, 2014 primarily driven by an increase in interest rates. gross unrealized losses on available for sale investment securities increased to $321 million as of december 31, 2015 compared to $237 million as of december 31, 2014. of the $321 million as of december 31, 2015, $165 million was related to securities that had been in a loss position for 12 months or longer. we provide information on otti recognized in earnings on our investment securities above in "consolidated results of operations-non-interest income."
63      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 10 presents the amortized cost, carrying value and fair value for the major categories of our portfolio of investment securities as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
table 10: investment securities december 31,
2015                                           2014   2013
(dollars in millions)                                                       amortizedcost             fairvalue            amortizedcost             fairvalue           amortizedcost            fairvalue investment securities available for sale u.s. treasury securities                                                    $4,664                 $4,660                  $4,114                 $4,118                   $832                  $834
corporate debt securities guaranteed by u.s. government agencies                 0                      0                     819                    800                  1,282                 1,234
rmbs:
agency(1)                                                                   24,332                 24,285                  21,804                 21,995                 21,572                21,479
non-agency                                                                   2,680                  3,026                   2,938                  3,386                  3,165                 3,600
total rmbs                                                                  27,012                 27,311                  24,742                 25,381                 24,737                25,079
cmbs:
agency(1)                                                                    3,690                  3,664                   3,751                  3,723                  4,262                 4,198
non-agency                                                                   1,723                  1,715                   1,780                  1,796                  1,854                 1,808
total cmbs                                                                   5,413                  5,379                   5,531                  5,519                  6,116                 6,006
other abs(2)                                                                 1,345                  1,340                   2,618                  2,662                  7,123                 7,136
other securities(3)                                                            370                    371                   1,035                  1,028                  1,542                 1,511
total investment securities available for sale                             $38,804                $39,061                 $38,859                $39,508                $41,632               $41,800
(dollars in millions)                                                      carrying value             fairvalue           carrying value             fairvalue          carrying value            fairvalue investment securities held to maturity u.s. treasury securities                                                      $199                   $198                      $0                     $0                     $0                    $0
agency rmbs                                                                 21,513                 22,133                  20,163                 21,210                 17,443                17,485
agency cmbs                                                                  2,907                  2,986                   2,337                  2,424                  1,689                 1,700
total investment securities held to maturity                               $24,619                $25,317                 $22,500                $23,634                $19,132               $19,185
__________
(1)   includes fannie mae, freddie mac, and government national mortgage association ("ginnie mae").
(2)   abs collateralized by credit card loans constituted approximately 71% and 56% of the other abs portfolio as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and abs collateralized by auto dealer floor plan inventory loans and leases constituted approximately 11% and 16% of the other abs portfolio as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(3)   includes foreign government bonds, corporate securities, municipal securities and equity investments.
credit ratings our portfolio of investment securities continues to be concentrated in securities that generally have high credit ratings and low credit risk, such as securities issued and guaranteed by the u.s. treasury and agencies. approximately 95% and 93% of our total investment securities portfolio was rated aa+ or its equivalent, or better, as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, while approximately 5% and 6% was below investment grade as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we categorize the credit ratings of our investment securities based on the lowest credit rating as issued by the following rating agencies: standard & poor's ratings services, moody's investors service ("moody's") and fitch ratings ("fitch").
table 11 provides information on the credit ratings of our non-agency rmbs, non-agency cmbs, other abs and other securities in our portfolio as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
64      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 11: non-agency investment securities credit ratings december 31, 2015                                                        december 31, 2014
(dollars in millions)            fair value        aaa       otherinvestmentgrade       belowinvestmentgrade(1)        fair value        aaa       otherinvestmentgrade            below investment grade(1)
non-agency rmbs                $3,026                -                         3%       97%                          $3,386                -                         3%              97%
non-agency cmbs                 1,715             100%                          -       -                             1,796             100%                          -                -
other abs                       1,340               99                          1       -                             2,662               90                          5                5
other securities        371                          8                         64   28                                1,028                2                         88               10
__________
(1)   includes a small portion of investment securities that were not rated.
for additional information on our investment securities, see "note 4-investment securities."
loans held for investment total loans held for investment ("hfi") consists of both unrestricted loans and loans restricted in our consolidated securitization trusts. table 12 summarizes our portfolio of loans held for investment by portfolio segment, net of the allowance for loan and lease losses, as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
table 12: loans held for investment december 31, 2015                                                   december 31, 2014
(dollars in millions)                loans             allowance               net loans                 loans             allowance               net loans credit card                    $96,125              $3,654                 $92,471                 $85,876              $3,204                 $82,672
consumer banking                70,372                 868                  69,504                  71,439                 779                  70,660
commercial banking              63,266                 604                  62,662                  50,890                 395                  50,495
other                   88                               4         84                      111                               5         106
total                         $229,851              $5,130                $224,721                $208,316              $4,383                $203,933
period-end loans held for investment increased by $21.5 billion to $229.9 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014, primarily driven by continued growth in our credit card, auto and commercial loan portfolios, including loans acquired from the ge healthcare acquisition, partially offset by the planned run-off of our acquired home loan portfolio.
we provide additional information on the composition of our loan portfolio and credit quality below in "credit risk profile," "md&a-consolidated results of operations" and "note 5-loans."
loans held for sale loans held for sale, which are carried at lower of cost or fair value, increased by $278 million to $904 million as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily due to certain loan portfolios acquired as part of the ge healthcare acquisition that we intend to sell, as well as the transfer of certain domestic credit card loans from loans held for investment to loans held for sale.
deposits our deposits represent our largest source of funding for our operations, providing a consistent source of low-cost funds. total deposits increased by $12.2 billion to $217.7 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. the increase in deposits was primarily driven by the issuance of brokered deposits and growth in our consumer banking and commercial banking businesses as a result of our continued focus on deposit relationships with existing customers and our ongoing marketing strategy to attract new business from our commercial customers. we provide information on the composition of our deposits, average outstanding balances, interest expense and yield below in "liquidity risk profile."
65      capital one financial corporation (cof)
securitized debt obligations securitized debt obligations increased by $4.5 billion to $16.2 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014 primarily driven by debt issuances of approximately $5.1 billion, offset by debt maturities of $500 million during 2015. we provide additional information on our borrowings below in "liquidity risk profile."
other debt other debt, which consists primarily of federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, senior and subordinated notes, and federal home loan banks ("fhlb") advances, totaled $42.9 billion as of december 31, 2015, of which $42.0 billion represented long-term debt and the remainder represented short-term borrowings. other debt totaled $36.8 billion as of december 31, 2014, of which $17.1 billion represented short-term borrowings and $19.7 billion represented long-term debt. during 2015, we extended the maturity of our fhlb advances which resulted in a decrease in our short-term borrowings and a corresponding increase in our long-term debt.
the increase in other debt of $6.1 billion in 2015 was primarily attributable to a net increase of $2.8 billion in fhlb advances, $3.2 billion in unsecured senior notes and $101 million in federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. we provide additional information on our borrowings below in "liquidity risk profile" and in "note 10-deposits and borrowings."
mortgage representation and warranty reserve we acquired three subsidiaries that originated residential mortgage loans and sold these loans to various purchasers, including purchasers who created securitization trusts. these subsidiaries are capital one home loans, llc, which was acquired in february 2005; greenpoint, which was acquired in december 2006 as part of the north fork bancorporation, inc. ("north fork") acquisition; and ccb, which was acquired in february 2009 and subsequently merged into cona.
we have established representation and warranty reserves for losses associated with the mortgage loans sold by each subsidiary that we consider to be both probable and reasonably estimable, including both litigation and non-litigation liabilities. these reserves are reported on our consolidated balance sheets as a component of other liabilities. the reserve setting process relies heavily on estimates, which are inherently uncertain, and requires judgment. we evaluate these estimates on a quarterly basis. we build our representation and warranty reserves through the provision for mortgage representation and warranty losses, which we report in our consolidated statements of income as a component of non-interest income for loans originated and sold by ccb and capital one home loans, llc and as a component of discontinued operations for loans originated and sold by greenpoint. the aggregate reserve for all three entities totaled $610 million as of december 31, 2015, compared to $731 million as of december 31, 2014.
the table below summarizes changes in our representation and warranty reserve in 2015 and 2014.
table 13: changes in representation and warranty reserve year ended december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                           2015                  2014
representation and warranty reserve, beginning of period                 $731                  $1,172
benefit for mortgage representation and warranty losses:
recorded in continuing operations                                         (16     )               (26     )
recorded in discontinued operations                                       (64     )                (7     )
total benefit for mortgage representation and warranty losses             (80     )               (33     )
net realized losses                                                       (41     )              (408     )
representation and warranty reserve, end of period                       $610                    $731
as part of our business planning processes, we have considered various outcomes relating to the future representation and warranty liabilities of our subsidiaries that are possible but do not rise to the level of being both probable and reasonably estimable outcomes justifying an incremental reserve under applicable accounting standards. our current best estimate of reasonably possible future losses from representation and warranty claims beyond what was in our reserve as of december 31, 2015, is approximately $1.6 billion, a decline from our estimate of $2.1 billion as of december 31, 2014. the decrease in the reasonably possible estimate for representation and warranty claims was primarily driven by favorable industry legal developments.
66      capital one financial corporation (cof)
we provide additional information related to the representation and warranty reserve, including factors that may impact the adequacy of the reserve and the ultimate amount of losses incurred by our subsidiaries, in "note 21-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others."
deferred tax assets and liabilities deferred tax assets and liabilities represent decreases or increases in taxes expected to be paid in the future because of future reversals of temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, as well as from net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. deferred tax assets are recognized subject to management's judgment that realization is more likely than not. we evaluate the recoverability of these future tax deductions by assessing the adequacy of expected taxable income from all sources, including taxable income in carryback years, reversal of taxable temporary differences, forecasted operating earnings and available tax planning strategies. these sources of income rely heavily on estimates. we use our historical experience and our short and long-range business forecasts to provide insight.
as of december 31, 2015, we have recorded deferred tax assets, net of deferred tax liabilities and valuation allowances, of approximately $3.7 billion, which is an increase of $330 million from december 31, 2014. we have recorded a valuation allowance of $166 million and $148 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we expect to fully realize the 2015 net deferred tax asset amounts in future periods. if changes in circumstances lead us to change our judgment about our ability to realize deferred tax assets in future years, we will adjust our valuation allowances in the period that our change in judgment occurs and record a corresponding increase or charge to income.
we provide additional information on income taxes in "consolidated results of operations" and in "note 18-income taxes."
off-balance sheet arrangements and variable interest entities in the ordinary course of business, we are involved in various types of arrangements with limited liability companies, partnerships or trusts that often involve special purpose entities and variable interest entities ("vies"). some of these arrangements are not recorded on our consolidated balance sheets or may be recorded in amounts different from the full contract or notional amount of the arrangements, depending on the nature or structure of, and the accounting standards required to be applied to, the arrangement. these arrangements may expose us to potential losses in excess of the amounts recorded on our consolidated balance sheets. our involvement in these arrangements can take many forms, including securitization and servicing activities, the purchase or sale of mortgage-backed or other asset-backed securities in connection with our home loan portfolio and loans to vies that hold debt, equity, real estate or other assets.
our continuing involvement in unconsolidated vies primarily consists of certain mortgage loan trusts and community reinvestment and development entities. we provide a discussion of our activities related to these vies in "note 7-variable interest entities and securitizations."
capital management the level and composition of our capital are determined by multiple factors, including our consolidated regulatory capital requirements and internal risk-based capital assessments such as internal stress testing and economic capital. the level and composition of our capital may also be influenced by rating agency guidelines, subsidiary capital requirements, the business environment, conditions in the financial markets and assessments of potential future losses due to adverse changes in our business and market environments.
capital standards and prompt corrective action we are subject to capital adequacy standards adopted by the federal banking agencies, including the final basel iii capital rule. moreover, the banks, as insured depository institutions, are subject to pca capital regulations.
in july 2013, the federal banking agencies finalized new capital rules that implemented the basel iii capital framework ("final basel iii capital rule") developed by the basel committee on banking supervision and certain dodd-frank act and other capital provisions, and that updated the pca capital framework to reflect the new regulatory capital minimums. the final basel iii capital rule amended both the basel i and basel ii advanced approaches frameworks, establishing a new common equity tier 1 capital
67      capital one financial corporation (cof)
requirement and setting higher minimum capital ratio requirements. we refer to the amended basel i framework as the "basel iii standardized approach," and the amended advanced approaches framework as the "basel iii advanced approaches."
at the end of 2012, we met one of the two independent eligibility criteria set by banking regulators for becoming subject to the advanced approaches capital rules. as a result, we have undertaken a multi-year process of implementing the advanced approaches regime for calculating risk-weighted assets and regulatory capital levels. we entered parallel run under advanced approaches on january 1, 2015, during which we will calculate capital ratios under both the basel iii standardized approach and the basel iii advanced approaches, though we will continue to use the standardized approach for purposes of meeting regulatory capital requirements.
in addition, beginning in the first quarter of 2015, as an advanced approaches banking organization, we are required to calculate and publicly disclose our supplementary leverage ratio.
for additional information about the capital adequacy guidelines we are subject to, see "part 1-item 1. business-supervision and regulation."
separately, we also disclose a non-gaap tce ratio in "part ii-item 6. summary of selected financial data." while the tce ratio is a capital measure widely used by investors, analysts, rating agencies, and bank regulatory agencies to assess the capital position of financial services companies, it may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. we provide information on the calculation of this ratio in "md&a-table f-reconciliation of non-gaap measures and calculation of regulatory capital measures."
table 14 provides a comparison of our regulatory capital ratios under the basel iii standardized approach subject to transition provisions, the regulatory minimum capital adequacy ratios and the pca well-capitalized targets as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
table 14: capital ratios under basel iii(1)
december 31, 2015                                   december 31, 2014
capital            minimum              well-        capital          minimum         well-
ratio            capital        capitalized          ratio          capital         capitalized adequacy                                           adequacy capital one financial corp:
common equity tier 1 capital(2)         11.1     %        4.5%                       n/a          12.5%             4.0%         n/a tier 1 capital(3)                       12.4               6.0                      6.0%           13.2              5.5         6.0%
total capital(4)                        14.6               8.0                      10.0           15.1              8.0                10.0
tier 1 leverage(5)                      10.6               4.0                       n/a           10.8              4.0         n/a supplementary leverage ratio(6)          9.2               n/a                       n/a            n/a              n/a         n/a capital one bank (usa), n.a.:
common equity tier 1 capital(2)        12.2%              4.5%                      6.5%          11.3%             4.0%         n/a tier 1 capital(3)                       12.2               6.0                       8.0           11.3              5.5         6.0%
total capital(4)                        15.2               8.0                      10.0           14.6              8.0                10.0
tier 1 leverage(5)                      10.8               4.0                       5.0            9.6              4.0                 5.0
supplementary leverage ratio(6)          9.0               n/a                       n/a            n/a              n/a         n/a capital one, n.a.:
common equity tier 1 capital(2)        11.8%               4.5   %                  6.5%          12.5%             4.0%         n/a tier 1 capital(3)                       11.8               6.0                       8.0           12.5              5.5         6.0%
total capital(4)                        12.9               8.0                      10.0           13.6              8.0                10.0
tier 1 leverage(5)                       8.8               4.0                       5.0            8.9              4.0                 5.0
supplementary leverage ratio(6)          7.9               n/a                       n/a            n/a              n/a         n/a
__________
(1)   capital ratios are calculated based on the basel iii standardized approach framework, subject to applicable transition provisions. as we continue to refine our classification of exposures under the basel iii standardized approach framework, risk-weighted asset classifications are subject to change.
68      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(2)   common equity tier 1 capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on common equity tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(3)   tier 1 capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(4)   total capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on total capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(5)   tier 1 leverage ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by average assets, after certain adjustments.
(6)   supplementary leverage ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital under the basel iii standardized approach divided by total leverage exposure.
capital one financial corporation exceeded federal banking agencies' minimum capital requirements and each of the banks exceeded minimum regulatory requirements and were "well-capitalized" under pca requirements as of both december 31, 2015 and 2014. our common equity tier 1 capital ratio, as calculated under the basel iii standardized approach, subject to transition provisions, was 11.1% and 12.5% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the calculation of our basel iii standardized approach common equity tier 1 capital under the final basel iii capital rule includes adjustments and deductions which are subject to transition provisions, such as the inclusion of the unrealized gains and losses on available for sale investment securities included in aoci and adjustments related to intangible assets other than goodwill. the inclusion of aoci and the adjustments related to intangible assets are phased-in at 20% for 2014, 40% for 2015, 60% for 2016, 80% for 2017 and 100% for 2018.
the following table compares our common equity tier 1 capital and risk-weighted assets as of december 31, 2015, calculated based on the final basel iii capital rule, subject to applicable transition provisions, to our estimated common equity tier 1 capital and risk-weighted assets as of december 31, 2015, calculated under the basel iii standardized approach, as it applies when fully phased-in for advanced approaches banks like us that have not yet exited parallel run. our estimated common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the fully phased-in basel iii standardized approach is based on our interpretations, expectations and assumptions of relevant regulations, as well as interpretations provided by our regulators, and is subject to change based on changes to future regulations and interpretations. as we continue to engage with our regulators during our parallel run, there could be further changes to the calculation.
table 15: estimated common equity tier 1 capital ratio under fully phased-in basel iii standardized approach(1)
(dollars in millions)                                                                              december 31, 2015
common equity tier 1 capital under basel iii standardized                                            $29,544
adjustments related to aoci(2)                                                                          (363       )
adjustments related to intangibles(2)                                                                   (590       )
other adjustments(2)                                                                                       -
estimated common equity tier 1 capital under fully phased-in basel iii standardized                  $28,591
risk-weighted assets under basel iii standardized                                                   $265,739
adjustments for fully phased-in basel iii standardized(3)                                                (48       )
estimated risk-weighted assets under fully phased-in basel iii standardized                         $265,691
estimated common equity tier 1 capital ratio under fully phased-in basel iii standardized(4)           10.8%
__________
(1)   estimated common equity tier 1 capital ratio under the fully phased-in basel iii standardized approach is a non-gaap financial measure.
(2)   assumes adjustments are fully phased-in.
(3)   adjustments include higher risk weights for items that are included in capital based on the threshold deduction approach, such as mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets. the adjustments also include removal of risk weights for items that are deducted from common equity tier 1 capital.
(4)   calculated by dividing estimated common equity tier 1 capital by estimated risk-weighted assets, which are both calculated under the basel iii standardized approach, as it applies when fully phased-in for advanced approaches banks that have not yet exited parallel run.
under the final basel iii capital rule, when we complete our parallel run for the advanced approaches, our minimum risk-based capital requirement will be the greater of the basel iii standardized approach and the basel iii advanced approaches. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for additional information. once we exit parallel run, based on clarification of the final basel iii capital rule from our regulators, any difference between the final basel iii capital rule definitions of expected credit losses and our eligible credit reserves will be deducted from our basel iii standardized approach numerator, subject to transition provisions. inclusive of this impact, based on current rules and our business mix, we estimate that our basel iii advanced approaches ratios will be lower than our standardized approach ratios.
69      capital one financial corporation (cof)
capital planning and regulatory stress testing in compliance with the applicable regulatory capital planning rules, on january 5, 2015 we submitted our capital plan to the federal reserve as part of the 2015 ccar cycle. on march 11, 2015, the federal reserve publicly disclosed its non-objection to our proposed capital distribution plans submitted pursuant to ccar. as a result of this non-objection to our capital plan, the board of directors authorized an increase in the quarterly dividend on our common stock from the previous level of $0.30 per share to $0.40 per share. in addition, our board of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $3.125 billion of shares of our common stock beginning in the second quarter of 2015 through the end of the second quarter of 2016, in addition to share repurchases related to employee compensation. on february 17, 2016, we announced that our board of directors had authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $300 million of shares of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2016 under the 2015 stock repurchase program. for the description of the regulatory capital planning rules we are subject to, see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation."
equity offerings and transactions on may 14, 2015, we issued and sold one million shares of fixed-to-floating rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series e, $0.01 par value, with a liquidation preference of $1,000 per share (the "series e preferred stock"). the net proceeds of the offering of series e preferred stock were approximately $988 million, after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses. dividends are payable semi-annually in arrears in the second quarter and fourth quarter, at a rate of 5.55% per annum through may 31, 2020. subsequent to may 31, 2020, dividends will be calculated as three month libor plus a spread of 3.80%, payable quarterly in arrears.
on august 24, 2015, we issued and sold 20,000,000 depositary shares, each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of 6.20% fixed rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series f, $0.01 par value, with a liquidation preference of $25 per depositary share (the "series f preferred stock"). the net proceeds of the offering of series f preferred stock were approximately $484 million, after deducting underwriting commissions and offering expenses. dividends on the series f preferred stock are payable quarterly in arrears.
dividend policy and stock purchases on february 3, 2016, our board of directors declared a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.40 per share, payable on february 26, 2016 to stockholders of record at the close of the business on february 16, 2016. our board of directors also approved quarterly dividends on our 6.00% fixed-rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series b (the "series b preferred stock"), our 6.25% fixed-rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series c (the "series c preferred stock"), our 6.70% fixed-rate non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, series d (the "series d preferred stock") and our series f preferred stock, payable on march 1, 2016 to stockholders of record at the close of business on february 16, 2016. based on these declarations, we will pay approximately $211 million in common equity dividends and approximately $37 million in total preferred dividends in the first quarter of 2016. under the terms of our outstanding preferred stock, our ability to pay dividends on, make distributions with respect to, or to repurchase, redeem or acquire its common stock or any preferred stock ranking on parity with or junior to the preferred stock, is subject to restrictions in the event that we do not declare and either pay or set aside a sum sufficient for payment of dividends on the preferred stock for the immediately preceding dividend period.
we paid common stock dividends of $0.30 per share in the first quarter and $0.40 per share in each subsequent quarter of 2015. we paid preferred stock dividends of $15.00 per share on the outstanding shares of our series b preferred stock and $15.625 per share on the outstanding shares of our series c preferred stock in each quarter of 2015. we paid preferred stock dividends of $22.5194 per share on the outstanding shares of our series d preferred stock in the first quarter and $16.75 per share in each subsequent quarter of 2015. we also paid preferred stock dividends of $30.370833 per share on the outstanding shares of our series e preferred stock and $16.705556 per share on the outstanding shares of our series f preferred stock during the fourth quarter of 2015.
the declaration and payment of dividends to our stockholders, as well as the amount thereof, are subject to the discretion of our board of directors and depend upon our results of operations, financial condition, capital levels, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by the board of directors. as a bhc, our ability to pay dividends is largely dependent upon the receipt of dividends or other payments from our subsidiaries. regulatory restrictions exist that limit the ability of the banks to transfer funds to our bhc. as of december 31, 2015, funds available for dividend payments from cobna and cona were $2.9 billion and $359 million, respectively. there can be no assurance that we will declare and pay any dividends to stockholders.
70      capital one financial corporation (cof)
in addition, consistent with our 2015 capital plan, our board of directors has authorized the repurchase of up to $3.125 billion of shares of common stock beginning in the second quarter of 2015 through the end of the second quarter of 2016. on february 17, 2016, we announced that our board of directors had authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $300 million of shares of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2016 under the 2015 stock repurchase program. we notified the federal reserve of our intention to engage in additional share repurchases and the federal reserve did not object. through the end of 2015, we repurchased approximately $1.875 billion of common stock as part of the 2015 stock repurchase program.
the timing and exact amount of any future common stock repurchases will depend on various factors, including market conditions, opportunities for growth, our capital position and amount of retained earnings. our stock repurchase program does not include specific price targets, may be executed through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including utilizing rule 10b5-1 programs, and may be suspended at any time. for additional information on dividends and stock repurchases, see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation-dividends, stock repurchases and transfer of funds."
risk management risk framework we use a risk framework to provide an overall enterprise-wide approach for effectively managing risk. we execute against our risk framework with the "three lines of defense" risk management model to demonstrate and structure the roles, responsibilities and accountabilities in the organization for taking and managing risk.
the "first line of defense" is comprised of the business areas that through their day-to-day business activities take risk on our behalf. as the business owner, the first line is responsible for identifying, assessing, managing and controlling that risk, and for mitigating our overall risk exposure. the first line formulates strategy and operates within the risk appetite and framework. the "second line of defense," which includes the risk management organization, provides oversight of first line risk taking and management. the second line assists in determining risk capacity, risk appetite, and the strategies, policies and structure for managing risks. the second line owns the risk framework. the second line is both an 'expert advisor' to the first line and an 'effective challenger' of first line risk activities. the "third line of defense" is comprised of our internal audit and credit review functions. the third line provides independent and objective assurance to senior management and to the board of directors that first and second line risk management and internal control systems and its governance processes are well-designed and working as intended.
our risk framework, which is built around governance, processes and people, consists of the following eight key elements:
establish governance processes, accountabilities, and risk appetites the starting point of our risk framework is the establishment of governance processes, accountabilities, and risk appetites. our board of directors and senior management establish the tone at the top regarding the importance of internal control, including standards of conduct and the integrity and ethical values of the company. management reinforces expectations at the various levels of the organization. this portion of the framework sets the foundation for the methods for governing risk taking, the interactions within and among the lines of defense, and the risk appetites and tolerances.
identify and assess risks and ownership identifying and assessing risks and ownership is the beginning of the more detailed day-to-day process of managing risk. this portion of the framework clarifies the importance of strong first-line management and accountability for identifying and assessing risk while specifying the role of the second line to identify and assess risk, particularly when taking on new initiatives.
develop and operate controls, monitoring and mitigation plans we develop, operate, and monitor controls to manage risk within tolerance levels. the first line develops controls to oversee and manage identified risks. controls may prevent risks from occurring (e.g., ensuring compliance with a law or regulation) or measure the amount of risk being taken so that the amount may be proactively managed. whenever possible, plans are implemented to mitigate risks or reduce them in order to reduce exposure. the first line leads mitigation, control, and monitoring actions. the second line is a consultant on control design when needed.
71      capital one financial corporation (cof)
test and detect control gaps and perform corrective action while the first line is principally accountable for taking, controlling, and monitoring risk, the second line oversees and monitors first line risk taking, including the effectiveness of first line controls, and the third line independently tests and oversees first and second line risk taking. these activities provide the second and third lines of defense with the ability to reduce the likelihood of unauthorized or unplanned risk taking within the organization. control gaps are closed by first line corrective action.
escalate key risks and gaps to executive management and when appropriate, the board of directors escalation is an important component of our risk framework. use of escalation is encouraged and does not necessarily indicate a failure on the part of first, second, or third line risk management. through escalation in the first line, decisions requiring judgment can be raised to executives who have the broadest possible context and experience to make challenging decisions. escalation in the second and third lines of defense can also demonstrate part of their core responsibilities of effective challenge. if appropriate, risks are escalated to the board of directors to ensure their alignment with material risk decisions and/or transparency to the largest risks facing the organization.
calculate and allocate capital in alignment with risk management and measurement processes (including stress testing)
capital is held to protect the company from unforeseen risks or unexpected risk severity. as such, it is important that capital planning processes be well linked with risk management practices to ensure the appropriate capital protections are in place for the safety and soundness of the company. stress testing and economic capital measurement, both of which incorporate inputs from across the risk spectrum, are key tools for evaluating our capital position and risk adjusted returns.
support with the right culture, talent, and skills the right culture, talent, and skills are critical to effective risk management. our risk framework is supported with the right culture that promotes the foundation and values of the risk management organization. skills necessary to effectively manage risk are reinforced through performance management systems. when needed, risk talent is augmented through recruitment of industry experts as well as training and development of internal associates.
enabled by the right data, infrastructure, and programs data, infrastructure, and programs are key enablers of our risk management processes and practices. these core requirements enable effective risk modeling, efficient first, second, and third line risk activity performance, and cross-line interaction. in addition, effective program design of each risk category is regularly assessed to ensure risk practices continue to evolve with leading industry practices, and continue to interact across categories as desired for a strong overall risk management program.
risk appetite risk appetite refers to the level of risk our business is willing to take in pursuit of our corporate business objectives. the board of directors approves our risk appetite including specific risk limits where applicable. while first line executives manage risk on a day-to-day basis, the chief risk officer provides effective challenge and independent oversight to ensure that risks are within the appetite and specific limits established by the board of directors. the chief risk officer reports to the board of directors regularly on the nature and level of risk across all eight risk categories. in addition to his broader management responsibilities, our chief executive officer is responsible for developing the strategy and mission of our organization, determining and leading our culture, and reviewing and providing input into our risk appetite.
we have a defined risk appetite for each of our eight risk categories that is approved by our board of directors. stated risk appetites define the parameters for taking and accepting risks and are used by management and our board of directors to make business decisions. we communicate risk appetite statements, limits and thresholds to the appropriate levels in the organization and monitor adherence.
risk categories we apply our risk framework to protect our company from the eight major categories of risk that we are exposed to through our business activities. our eight major categories of risk are:
72      capital one financial corporation (cof)
•   compliance risk: compliance risk is the risk to current or anticipated earnings or capital arising from violations of laws, rules, or regulations. compliance risk can also arise from nonconformance with prescribed practices, internal policies and procedures, contractual obligations, or ethical standards that reinforce those laws, rules, or regulations;
•   credit risk: credit risk is the risk of loss from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract or otherwise fail to perform as agreed;
•   legal risk: legal risk is the risk of material adverse impact due to: new and changed laws and regulations; interpretations of law; drafting, interpretation and enforceability of contracts; adverse decisions/consequences arising from litigation or regulatory scrutiny; the establishment, management and governance of our legal entity structure; and the failure to seek/follow appropriate legal counsel when needed;
•   liquidity risk: liquidity risk is the risk that the company will not be able to meet its future financial obligations as they come due, or invest in future asset growth because of an inability to obtain funds at a reasonable price within a reasonable time period;
•   market risk: market risk is the risk that an institution's earnings or the economic value of equity could be adversely impacted by changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, or other market factors;
•   operational risk: operational risk is the risk of loss, capital impairment, adverse customer experience, or reputational impact resulting from failure to comply with policies and procedures, failed internal processes or systems, or from external events;
•   reputation risk: reputation risk is the risk to market value, recruitment and retention of talented associates and maintenance of a loyal customer base due to the negative perceptions of our internal and external constituents regarding our business strategies and activities; and
•   strategic risk: strategic risk is the risk of a material impact on current or anticipated earnings, capital, franchise or enterprise value arising from: (i) the company's competitive and market position and evolving forces in the industry that can affect that position; (ii) lack of responsiveness to these conditions; (iii) strategic decisions to change the company's scale, market position or operating model; or (iv) failure to appropriately consider implementation risks inherent in the company's strategy.
below we provide an overview of how we manage our eight primary risk categories.
compliance risk management we recognize that compliance requirements for financial institutions are increasingly complex and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. in response, we continuously evaluate the regulatory environment and proactively adjust our compliance risk program to fully address these expectations.
our compliance management program establishes expectations for determining compliance requirements, assessing the risk of new product offerings, creating appropriate controls and training to address requirements, monitoring for control performance, and independently testing for adherence to compliance requirements. the program also establishes regular compliance reporting to senior business leaders, the executive committee and the board of directors.
the chief compliance officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing our compliance risk management program. business areas incorporate compliance requirements and controls into their business policies, standards, processes and procedures. they regularly monitor and report on the efficacy of their compliance controls and corporate compliance periodically independently tests to validate the effectiveness of business controls.
credit risk management we recognize that we are exposed to cyclical changes in credit quality. consequently, we try to ensure our credit portfolio is resilient to economic downturns. our most important tool in this endeavor is sound underwriting. in unsecured consumer loan underwriting, we generally assume that loans will be subject to an environment in which losses are higher than those prevailing at the time of underwriting. in commercial underwriting, we generally require strong cash flow, collateral and covenants and guarantees. in addition to sound underwriting, we continually monitor our portfolio and take steps to collect or work out distressed loans.
73      capital one financial corporation (cof)
the chief risk officer, in conjunction with the consumer and commercial chief credit officers, is responsible for establishing credit risk policies and procedures, including underwriting and hold guidelines and credit approval authority, and monitoring credit exposure and performance of our lending-related transactions. these responsibilities are fulfilled by the chief consumer credit officer and the chief commercial credit officer who are responsible for evaluating the risk implications of credit strategy and for oversight of credit for both the existing portfolio and any new credit investments. the chief consumer credit officer and the chief commercial credit officer have formal approval authority for various types and levels of credit decisions, including individual commercial loan transactions. division presidents within each segment are responsible for managing the credit risk within their divisions and maintaining processes to control credit risk and comply with credit policies and guidelines. in addition, the chief risk officer establishes policies, delegates approval authority and monitors performance for non-loan credit exposure entered into with financial counterparties or through the purchase of credit sensitive securities in our investment portfolio.
our credit policies establish standards in five areas: customer selection, underwriting, monitoring, remediation, and portfolio management. the standards in each area provide a framework comprising specific objectives and control processes. these standards are supported by detailed policies and procedures for each component of the credit process. starting with customer selection, our goal is to generally provide credit on terms that generate above hurdle returns. we use a number of quantitative and qualitative factors to manage credit risk, including setting credit risk limits and guidelines for each of our lines of business. we monitor performance relative to these guidelines and report results and any required mitigating actions to appropriate senior management committees and our board of directors.
legal risk management the general counsel provides legal evaluation and guidance to the enterprise and business areas and partners with other risk management functions such as compliance and internal audit. this evaluation and guidance is based on an assessment of the type and degree of legal risk associated with the internal business area practices and activities and of the controls the business has in place to mitigate legal risks.
liquidity risk management we seek to mitigate liquidity risk strategically and tactically. from a strategic perspective, we have acquired and built deposit gathering businesses and significantly reduced our loan to deposit ratio. from a tactical perspective, we have accumulated a sizable liquidity reserve comprised of cash, high-quality, unencumbered securities, and committed collateralized credit lines. we also continue to maintain access to the secured and unsecured markets through ongoing issuance. this combination of stable and diversified funding sources and our stockpile of liquidity reserves enables us to maintain confidence in our liquidity position.
the chief risk officer, in conjunction with the chief market and liquidity risk officer, is responsible for the establishment of liquidity risk management policies and standards for governance and monitoring of liquidity risk at a corporate level. the chief financial officer is accountable for the management of liquidity risk. we assess liquidity strength by evaluating several different balance sheet metrics under severe stress scenarios to ensure we can withstand significant funding degradation in both idiosyncratic, and market wide and combined liquidity stress scenarios. management reports liquidity metrics to appropriate senior management committees and our board of directors no less than quarterly. we continuously monitor market and economic conditions to evaluate emerging stress conditions with assessment and appropriate action plans in accordance with our contingency funding plan.
market risk management we recognize that interest rate and foreign exchange risk is inherent in the business of banking due to the nature of the assets and liabilities of banks. banks typically manage the trade-off between near-term earnings volatility and market value volatility by targeting moderate levels of each. in addition to using industry accepted techniques to analyze and measure interest rate and foreign exchange risk, we perform sensitivity analysis to identify our risk exposures under a broad range of scenarios. investment securities and derivatives are the main levers for the management of interest rate and foreign exchange risk.
the chief risk officer, in conjunction with the chief market and liquidity risk officer, is responsible for the establishment of market risk management policies and standards and for governance and monitoring of market risk at a corporate level. the chief financial officer is accountable for the management of market risk. we manage market risk exposure, which is principally driven by balance sheet interest rate risk, centrally and establish quantitative limits to control our exposure. market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our business operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt and derivatives.
74      capital one financial corporation (cof)
the market risk positions of our banking entities and our total company are calculated separately and in total and are reported in comparison to pre-established limits to the asset liability committee monthly and to the risk committee of the board of directors no less than quarterly. management is authorized to utilize financial instruments as outlined in our policy to actively manage market risk exposure.
operational risk management we recognize the criticality of managing operational risk on a day-to-day basis and that there are heightened expectations from our regulators and our customers. we have implemented appropriate operational risk management policies, standards, processes and tools to enable the delivery of high quality and consistent customer experiences.
the chief operational risk officer is responsible for establishing and overseeing our operational risk management program. the program establishes and enforces requirements and practices for assessing the operational risk profile, executing key control processes for select operational risks, and reporting of operational risk results. these activities are executed in accordance with basel ii advanced approaches requirements.
reputation risk management we recognize that reputation risk is of particular concern for financial institutions as a result of the aftermath of the financial crisis and economic downturn, which has resulted in increased scrutiny and widespread regulatory changes. we manage both strategic and tactical reputation issues and build our relationships with the government, media, consumer advocates, and other constituencies to help strengthen the reputations of both our company and industry. our actions include implementing pro-consumer practices in our business and taking public positions in support of better consumer practices in our industry. the general counsel is responsible for managing our overall reputation risk program. day-to-day activities are controlled by the frameworks set forth in our reputation risk management policy and other risk management policies.
strategic risk management we monitor external market and industry developments to identify potential areas of strategic opportunity or risk. these items provide input for development of the company's strategy led by the chief executive officer and other senior executives. through the ongoing development and vetting of the corporate strategy, the chief risk officer identifies and assesses risks associated with the strategy across all risk categories and monitors them throughout the year.
credit risk profile our loan portfolio accounts for the substantial majority of our credit risk exposure. our lending activities are governed under our credit policy and are subject to independent review and approval. below we provide information about the composition of our loan portfolio, key concentrations and credit performance metrics.
we also engage in certain non-lending activities that may give rise to credit and counterparty settlement risk, including the purchase of securities for our investment securities portfolio, entering into derivative transactions to manage our market risk exposure and to accommodate customers, short-term advances on syndication activity, certain operational cash balances in other financial institutions, foreign exchange transactions, and customer overdrafts. we provide additional information on credit risk related to our investment securities portfolio under "consolidated balance sheets analysis-investment securities" and credit risk related to derivative transactions in "note 11-derivative instruments and hedging activities."
primary loan products we provide a variety of lending products. our primary loan products include credit cards, auto, home loans and commercial.
•   credit cards: we originate both prime and subprime credit cards through a variety of channels. our credit cards generally have variable interest rates. the majority of our credit card accounts are underwritten using an automated underwriting system based on predictive models that we have developed. the underwriting criteria, which are customized for individual products and marketing programs, are established based on an analysis of the net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, subject to a further analysis using a variety of stress conditions. underwriting decisions are generally based on credit bureau information, including payment history, debt burden and credit scores, such as fair isaac corporation
75      capital one financial corporation (cof)
(credit rating) ("fico"), and on other factors, such as applicant income. we also maintain a credit card securitization program and selectively sell charged-off credit card loans.
•   auto: we originate both prime and subprime auto loans. customers are acquired through a network of auto dealers and direct marketing. our auto loans generally have fixed interest rates. loan terms are generally 75 months or less and can go up to 84 months. loan sizes are customized by program and are generally less than $75,000. the underwriting criteria are customized for individual products and marketing programs and based on analysis of net present value of expected revenues, expenses and losses, subject to maintaining resilience under a variety of stress conditions. underwriting decisions are generally based on application information and credit bureau information, along with collateral characteristics such as loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio. we generally retain all of our auto loans, though we have securitized and sold auto loans in the past and may do so in the future.
•   home loans: most of the existing home loans in our loan portfolio were originated by banks we acquired. currently, we originate residential mortgage and home equity loans through our branches, direct marketing, and dedicated home loan officers. our home loan products include conforming and non-conforming fixed rate and adjustable rate mortgage loans, as well as first and second lien home equity loans and lines of credit. in general, our underwriting policy limits for these loans include: (i) a maximum ltv ratio of 80% for loans without mortgage insurance; (ii) a maximum ltv ratio of 95% for loans with mortgage insurance or for home equity products; (iii) a maximum debt-to-income ratio of 50%; and (iv) a maximum loan amount of $3 million. our underwriting procedures are intended to verify the income of applicants and obtain appraisals to determine home values. we may, in limited instances, use automated valuation models to determine home values. our underwriting standards for conforming loans are designed to meet the underwriting standards required by the agencies at a minimum, and we sell most of our conforming loans to the agencies. we generally retain non-conforming mortgages and home equity loans and lines of credit.
•   commercial: we offer a range of commercial lending products, including loans secured by commercial real estate and loans to middle market commercial and industrial companies. our commercial loans may have a fixed or variable interest rate; however, the majority of our commercial loans have variable rates. our underwriting standards require an analysis of the borrower's financial condition and prospects, as well as an assessment of the industry in which the borrower operates. where relevant, we evaluate and appraise underlying collateral and guarantees. we maintain underwriting guidelines and limits for major types of borrowers and loan products that specify, where applicable, guidelines for debt service coverage, leverage, ltv ratio and standard covenants and conditions. we assign a risk rating and establish a monitoring schedule for loans based on the risk profile of the borrower, industry segment, source of repayment, the underlying collateral and guarantees (if any) and current market conditions. although we generally retain commercial loans, we may syndicate positions for risk mitigation purposes (including bridge financing transactions we have underwritten). in addition, we originate and service multifamily commercial real estate loans which are sold to the gses.
loans held for investment portfolio composition our loan portfolio consists of loans held for investment, including restricted loans underlying our consolidated securitization trusts and loans held for sale. table 16 presents the composition of our portfolio of loans held for investment, including acquired loans, by portfolio segment, as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. table 16 and the credit metrics presented in this section exclude loans held for sale, which are carried at lower of cost or fair value and totaled $904 million and $626 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
76      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 16: loans held for investment portfolio composition december 31, 2015                          december 31, 2014
(dollars in millions)                                    loans         % of total                   loans         % of total credit card:
domestic credit card(1)                          $87,939                    38.2%           $77,704                    37.3%
international credit card                          8,186                      3.6             8,172                      3.9
total credit card                                 96,125                     41.8            85,876                     41.2
consumer banking:
auto                                              41,549                     18.1            37,824                     18.2
home loan                                         25,227                     11.0            30,035                     14.4
retail banking                                     3,596                      1.5             3,580                      1.7
total consumer banking                            70,372                     30.6            71,439                     34.3
commercial banking:
commercial and multifamily real estate            25,518                     11.1            23,137                     11.1
commercial and industrial                         37,135                     16.2            26,972                     12.9
total commercial lending                          62,653                     27.3            50,109                     24.0
small-ticket commercial real estate                  613                      0.3               781                      0.4
total commercial banking                          63,266                     27.6            50,890                     24.4
other loans                                           88                        -               111                      0.1
total loans held for investment                 $229,851                   100.0%          $208,316                   100.0%
__________
(1)   includes installment loans of $16 million and $144 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
we market our credit card products throughout the united states, canada and the united kingdom. our credit card loan portfolio is geographically diversified due to our product and marketing approach, with higher concentrations in california, new york, texas, florida, illinois, pennsylvania and ohio.
our auto loan portfolio is originated in most regions of the united states with a concentration in texas, california, florida, georgia, louisiana, illinois and ohio. our home loan portfolio is concentrated in california, new york, maryland, illinois, virginia, new jersey and florida, which reflects the characteristics of the ing direct portfolio that comprises the majority of our home loans. retail banking includes small business loans and other consumer lending products originated through our branch network with a concentration in louisiana, new york, texas, new jersey, maryland and virginia.
our commercial banking loan portfolio is originated in most regions of the united states with a concentration in the tri-state area of new york, new jersey and connecticut, texas, california and louisiana. our small ticket commercial real estate portfolio, which was originated on a national basis through a broker network, is in a run-off mode.
we provide additional information on the geographic concentration, by loan category, of our loan portfolio in "note 5-loans."
77      capital one financial corporation (cof)
commercial loans for purposes of portfolio risk management, we aggregate our commercial loan portfolio according to market segmentation primarily based on standard industry codes. table 17 summarizes our commercial loans held for investment portfolio by industry classification as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
table 17: commercial loans by industry(1)
(percentage of portfolio)       december 31,       december 31,
2015               2014
real estate                              39%                41%
healthcare                                15                  5
finance and insurance                     12                 12
oil and gas(2)                             5                  7
business services                          4                  5
public administration                      4                  5
construction and land                      4                  4
educational services                       4                  4
retail trade                               3                  4
transportation(3)                          3                  4
other                                      7                  9
total                                   100%               100%
__________
(1)   industry categories are based on our interpretation of the north american industry classification system codes as they pertain to each individual loan.
(2)   in addition to loans outstanding, we also have unfunded lending commitments of approximately $3.4 billion to oil and gas companies as of december 31, 2015, which is included in our total unfunded lending commitments to extend credit disclosed in "note 5-loans."
(3)   includes our taxi medallion lending portfolio among other portfolios.
acquired loans our portfolio of loans includes certain of our consumer and commercial loans acquired in business acquisitions that were recorded at fair value at acquisition and subsequently accounted for using the guidance for accounting for purchased credit-impaired ("pci") loans and debt securities, which is based upon expected cash flows to be collected. these loans are referred to as "acquired loans" or "pci loans," totaling $19.5 billion as of december 31, 2015 compared to $23.5 billion as of december 31, 2014. see "md&a-glossary and acronyms" for the definition of "acquired loans."
the difference between the fair value at acquisition and expected cash flows represents the accretable yield, which is recognized in interest income over the life of the loans. the difference between the contractual payments on the loans and expected cash flows represents the nonaccretable difference or the amount of principal and interest not considered collectible, which incorporates future expected credit losses over the life of the loans. we regularly update our estimate of expected principal and interest to be collected from these loans and evaluate the results for each accounting pool that was established at acquisition based on loans with common risk characteristics. probable decreases in expected cash flows would trigger the recognition of an allowance for loan and lease losses through our provision for credit losses. probable and significant increases in expected cash flows would first reverse any previously recorded allowance for loan and lease losses established subsequent to acquisition, with any remaining increase in expected cash flows recognized prospectively in interest income over the remaining estimated life of the underlying loans. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for additional information on acquired loans that are accounted for based on expected cash flows.
home loans the majority of our home loan portfolio was acquired from the ing direct and ccb acquisitions. these acquired loans represented 73.4% and 77.4% of our total home loan portfolio as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. see "md&a-glossary and acronyms" for the definition of ing direct and ccb acquisitions. the expected cash flows for our acquired loans in our home loan portfolio are significantly impacted by future expectations of home prices and interest rates. decreases in expected cash flows that result from declining conditions, particularly associated with these variables, could result in an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses and reduction in accretable yield. charge-offs on these loans are not recorded until the expected credit losses within the nonaccretable difference are depleted. in addition, acquired loans are not classified as delinquent or nonperforming
78      capital one financial corporation (cof)
as we expect to collect our net investment in these loans and the nonaccretable difference is expected to absorb the majority of the losses associated with these loans.
table 18 presents our total home loan portfolio, and the break out of the acquired home loans and remaining loans within our home loan portfolio, by lien priority.
table 18: home loans - risk profile by lien priority december 31, 2015
home loans                        acquired home loans                 total home loans
(dollars in millions)       amount                % of        amount                  % of        amount                  % of total                               total                               total lien type:
1st lien                    $5,705                22.6%       $18,207                 72.2%       $23,912                 94.8%
2nd lien                995                  4.0          320                   1.2               1,315             5.2
total                       $6,700                26.6%       $18,527                 73.4%       $25,227                 100.0%
december 31, 2014
home loans                        acquired home loans                 total home loans
(dollars in millions)   amount                % of        amount                  % of        amount                  % of total                               total                               total lien type:
1st lien                $5,756                19.2%       $22,883                 76.2%       $28,639                 95.4%
2nd lien                1,038            3.4          358                   1.2               1,396             4.6
total                   $6,794                22.6%       $23,241                 77.4%       $30,035                 100.0%
see "note 5-loans" in this report for additional credit quality information. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our accounting policies for acquired loans, delinquent loans, nonperforming loans, net charge-offs and troubled debt restructurings ("tdrs") for each of our loan categories.
table 19 provides a sensitivity analysis of acquired loans in our home loan portfolio as of december 31, 2015. the analysis reflects a hypothetical decline of 10% in the home price index and its impact on lifetime future cash flow expectations, accretable yield and allowance for loan and lease losses. any significant economic events or variables not considered could impact results that are presented below.
table 19: sensitivity analysis - acquired home loans(1)
(dollars in millions)                        december 31, 2015           estimated impactincrease (decrease)
expected cash flows                            $21,795                                    $(88   )
accretable yield                                 3,304                                      63
allowance for loan and lease losses   36                                                   151
__________
(1)   changes in the accretable yield would be recognized in interest income in our consolidated statements of income over the life of the loans. changes in the allowance for loan and lease losses would be recognized immediately in the provision for credit losses in the consolidated statements of income.
79      capital one financial corporation (cof)
loan maturity profile table 20 presents the maturities of loans in our held-for-investment portfolio as of december 31, 2015.
table 20: loan maturity schedule december 31, 2015
(dollars in millions)                due up to1 year             &gt; 1 yearto 5 years             &gt; 5 years                 total fixed rate:
credit card(1)                        $5,321                         $14,542                          $-                  $19,863
consumer banking                       1,112                          28,710                      18,169                   47,991
commercial banking                     1,259                           6,281                       7,304                   14,844
other                                      -                               -                           4                        4
total fixed-rate loans                 7,692                          49,533                      25,477                   82,702
variable rate:
credit card(1)                        76,254                               8                           -                   76,262
consumer banking(2)                   13,419                           8,213                         749                   22,381
commercial banking                    45,900                           2,452                          70                   48,422
other                       54                                             6                          24                       84
total variable-rate loans            135,627                          10,679                         843                  147,149
total loans                         $143,319                         $60,212                     $26,320                 $229,851
__________
(1)   due to the revolving nature of credit card loans, we report the majority of our variable-rate credit card loans as due in one year or less. we report fixed-rate credit card loans with introductory rates that expire after a certain period of time as due in one year or less. we assume that the rest of our remaining fixed-rate credit card loans will mature within one to three years.
(2)   we report the maturity period for the home loans portfolio included in the consumer banking business based on the earlier of the next re-pricing or contractual maturity date of the loan.
credit risk measurement we closely monitor economic conditions and loan performance trends to assess and manage our exposure to credit risk. key metrics we track in evaluating the credit quality of our loan portfolio include delinquency and nonperforming asset rates, as well as net charge-off rates and our internal risk ratings of larger balance commercial loans. trends in delinquency rates are a primary indicator of credit risk within our consumer loan portfolios, as changes in delinquency rates provide an early warning of changes in credit quality. the primary indicator of credit risk in our commercial loan portfolios is our internal risk ratings. because we generally classify loans that have been delinquent for an extended period of time and other loans with significant risk of loss as nonperforming, the level of nonperforming assets represents another indicator of the potential for future credit losses. in addition to delinquency rates, the geographic distribution of our loans provides insight as to the credit quality of the portfolio based on regional economic conditions.
we underwrite most consumer loans using proprietary models, which are typically based on credit bureau data, including borrower credit scores, along with application information and, where applicable, collateral and deal structure data. we continuously adjust our management of credit lines and collection strategies based on customer behavior and risk profile changes. we also use borrower credit scores for subprime classification, for competitive benchmarking and, in some cases, to drive product segmentation decisions.
the following table provides details on the credit scores of our domestic credit card and auto loan portfolios as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
80      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 21: credit score distribution
(percentage of portfolio)                              december 31,       december 31,
2015               2014
domestic credit card - refreshed fico scores:(1)
greater than 660                                                66%                68%
660 or below                                                     34                 32
total                                                          100%               100%
auto - at origination fico scores:(2)
greater than 660                                                51%                47%
621 - 660                                                        17                 17
620 or below                                                     32                 36
total                                                          100%               100%
__________
(1)   credit scores generally represent fico scores. these scores are obtained from one of the major credit bureaus at origination and are refreshed monthly thereafter. we approximate non-fico credit scores to comparable fico scores for consistency purposes. balances for which no credit score is available or the credit score is invalid are included in the 660 or below category.
(2)   credit scores represent fico scores. these scores are obtained from three credit bureaus at the time of application and are not refreshed thereafter. the fico score distribution is based on the average scores. balances for which no credit score is available or the credit score is invalid are included in the 620 or below category.
we present information in the section below on the credit performance of our loan portfolio, including the key metrics we use in tracking changes in the credit quality of our loan portfolio.
see "note 5-loans" in this report for additional credit quality information. also, see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our accounting policies for delinquent and nonperforming loans, net charge-offs and tdrs for each of our loan categories.
delinquency rates we consider the entire balance of an account to be delinquent if the minimum required payment is not received by the customer's due date, measured at the reporting date. our 30+ day delinquency metrics include all loans held for investment that are 30 or more days past due, whereas our 30+ day performing delinquency metrics include loans that are 30 or more days past due but are currently classified as performing and accruing interest. the 30+ day delinquency and 30+ day performing delinquency metrics are the same for domestic credit card loans, as we continue to classify the substantial majority of domestic credit card loans as performing until the account is charged-off, typically when the account is 180 days past due. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our policies for classifying loans as nonperforming for each of our loan categories. we provide additional information on our credit quality metrics above under "business segment financial performance."
81      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 22 presents our 30+ day performing delinquency rates and 30+ day delinquency rates of our portfolio of loans held for investment, including acquired loans, by portfolio segment, as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
table 22: 30+ day delinquencies december 31, 2015                                                                           december 31, 2014
30+ day performing delinquencies                     30+ day delinquencies                  30+ day performing delinquencies                     30+ day delinquencies
(dollars in millions)                                          amount            rate(1)                   amount          rate(1)                         amount            rate(1)                   amount          rate(1)
credit card:
domestic credit card                                  $2,985                       3.39%            $2,985                   3.39%                $2,538                       3.27%            $2,538                   3.27%
international credit card                                244                        2.98               283                    3.46                   240                        2.94               294                    3.60
total credit card                                      3,229                        3.36             3,268                    3.40                 2,778                        3.24             2,832                    3.30
consumer banking:
auto                                                   2,781                        6.69             3,000                    7.22                 2,486                        6.57             2,682                    7.09
home loan(2)                                              40                        0.16               235                    0.93                    64                        0.21               302                    1.01
retail banking                                            28                        0.76                49                    1.36                    23                        0.64                40                    1.11
total consumer banking(2)                              2,849                        4.05             3,284                    4.67                 2,573                        3.60             3,024                    4.23
commercial banking:
commercial and multifamily real estate                    34                        0.13                38                    0.15                    85                        0.37               117                    0.51
commercial and industrial                                 66                        0.18               288                    0.78                    15                        0.05                73                    0.27
total commercial lending                                 100                        0.16               326                    0.52                   100                        0.20               190                    0.38
small-ticket commercial real estate                        2                        0.37                 6                    1.04                     6                        0.72                10                    1.28
total commercial banking                                 102                        0.16               332                    0.52                   106                        0.21               200                    0.39
other loans                                                3                        3.61                11                   11.98                     3                        2.84                14                   12.23
total                                                 $6,183                        2.69            $6,895                    3.00                $5,460                        2.62            $6,070                    2.91
__________
(1)   calculated by loan category by dividing 30+ day delinquent loans as of the end of the period by period-end loans held for investment for the specified loan category, including acquired loans as applicable.
(2)   excluding the impact of acquired loans, the 30+ day performing delinquency rate for our home loan and total consumer banking portfolios was 0.60% and 5.50%, respectively, as of december 31, 2015, and 0.94% and 5.34%, respectively, as of december 31, 2014. excluding the impact of acquired loans, the 30+ day delinquency rate for our home loan and total consumer banking portfolios was 3.50% and 6.34%, respectively, as of december 31, 2015, and 4.45% and 6.28%, respectively, as of december 31, 2014.
table 23 presents an aging of 30+ day delinquent loans included in the above table.
table 23: aging and geography of 30+ day delinquent loans december 31, 2015                                  december 31, 2014
(dollars in millions)                            amount         % oftotal loans(1)                  amount         % oftotal loans(1)
total loans held for investment          $229,851                          100.00%          $208,316                          100.00%
delinquency status:
30 - 59 days                               $3,069                            1.33%            $2,841                            1.36%
60 - 89 days                                1,668                             0.73             1,424                             0.68
90 + days                                   2,158                             0.94             1,805                             0.87
total                                      $6,895                            3.00%            $6,070                            2.91%
geographic region:
domestic                                   $6,612                            2.88%            $5,776                            2.77%
international                     283                                         0.12   294                                         0.14
total                                      $6,895                            3.00%            $6,070                            2.91%
__________
(1)   calculated by dividing loans in each delinquency status category or geographic region as of the end of the period by the total loans held for investment, including acquired loans accounted for based on expected cash flows.
82      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 24 summarizes loans that were 90+ days delinquent as to interest or principal and still accruing interest as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. these loans consist primarily of credit card accounts between 90 days and 179 days past due. as permitted by regulatory guidance issued by the ffiec, we continue to accrue interest and fees on domestic credit card loans through the date of charge-off, which is typically in the period the account becomes 180 days past due. while domestic credit card loans typically remain on accrual status until the loan is charged-off, we reduce the balance of our credit card receivables by the amount of finance charges and fees billed but not expected to be collected and exclude this amount from revenue.
table 24: 90+ day delinquent loans accruing interest december 31, 2015                           december 31, 2014
(dollars in millions)               amount                   % of               amount                   % of total loans(1)                              total loans(1)
loan category:
credit card                   $1,500                        1.56%         $1,254                        1.46%
consumer banking                   -                         0.00              1                         0.00
commercial banking                 5                         0.01              8                         0.01
total                         $1,505                         0.65         $1,263                         0.61
geographic region:
domestic                      $1,426                        0.64%         $1,190                        0.59%
international                     79                         0.96             73                         0.90
total                         $1,505                         0.65         $1,263                         0.61
__________
(1)   delinquency rates are calculated for each loan category by dividing 90+ day delinquent loans accruing interest by period-end loans held for investment for the specified loan category.
nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans, foreclosed property and repossessed assets and the net realizable value of auto loans that have been charged-off as a result of a bankruptcy. nonperforming loans include loans that have been placed on nonaccrual status. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our policies for classifying loans as nonperforming for each of our loan categories.
table 25 presents comparative information on nonperforming loans, by portfolio segment, and other nonperforming assets as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. we do not classify loans held for sale as nonperforming, as they are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value. we provide additional information on our credit quality metrics above under "business segment financial performance."
83      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 25: nonperforming loans and other nonperforming assets(1)
december 31, 2015                                  december 31, 2014
(dollars in millions)                                           amount         % of total loans hfi                amount         % of total loans hfi nonperforming loans held for investment:
credit card:
international credit card                                    $53                              0.65%             $70                              0.86%
total credit card                                             53                               0.06              70                               0.08
consumer banking:
auto                                                         219                               0.53             197                               0.52
home loan(2)                                                 311                               1.23             330                               1.10
retail banking                                                28                               0.77              22                               0.61
total consumer banking(2)                                    558                               0.79             549                               0.77
commercial banking:
commercial and multifamily real estate                         7                               0.03              62                               0.27
commercial and industrial                                    538                               1.45             106                               0.39
total commercial lending                                     545                               0.87             168                               0.33
small-ticket commercial real estate                            5                               0.83               7                               0.96
total commercial banking(3)                                  550                               0.87             175                               0.34
other loans                                                    9                               9.42              15                              13.37
total nonperforming loans held for investment(4)          $1,170                               0.51            $809                               0.39
other nonperforming assets:(5)
foreclosed property(6)                                      $126                              0.05%            $139                              0.06%
other assets(7)                                              198                               0.09             183                               0.09
total other nonperforming assets                             324                               0.14             322                               0.15
total nonperforming assets                                $1,494                               0.65          $1,131                               0.54
__________
(1)   we recognized interest income for loans classified as nonperforming of $44 million and $38 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. interest income forgone related to nonperforming loans was $53 million and $49 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively. forgone interest income represents the amount of interest income that would have been recorded during the period for nonperforming loans as of the end of the period had the loans performed according to their contractual terms.
(2)   excluding the impact of acquired loans, the nonperforming loan rate for our home loan and total consumer banking portfolios was 4.68% and 1.08%, respectively, as of december 31, 2015, compared to 4.86% and 1.14%, respectively, as of december 31, 2014.
(3)   the acquired loans from the ge healthcare acquisition are classified and presented as performing because we expect to collect all of our recorded investments in these loans. were these loans to be classified based on their risk ratings, our nonperforming loan rate for our total commercial banking portfolio would be 0.93% as of december 31, 2015.
(4)   excluding the impact of domestic credit card loans, nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment was 0.83% and 0.62% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(5)   the denominator used in calculating the nonperforming asset ratios consists of total loans held for investment and total other nonperforming assets.
(6)   includes acquired reos of $101 million as of both december 31, 2015 and 2014.
(7)   includes the net realizable value of auto loans that have been charged-off as a result of a bankruptcy and repossessed assets obtained in satisfaction of auto loans.
84      capital one financial corporation (cof)
net charge-offs net charge-offs consist of the unpaid principal balance of loans held for investment that we determine to be uncollectible, net of recovered amounts. we charge-off loans as a reduction to the allowance for loan and lease losses when we determine the loan is uncollectible and record subsequent recoveries of previously charged off amounts as increases to the allowance for loan and lease losses. we exclude accrued and unpaid finance charges and fees and certain fraud losses from charge-offs. generally costs to recover charged-off loans are recorded as collection expenses and included in our consolidated statements of income as a component of other non-interest expense as incurred. our charge-off policy for loans varies based on the loan type. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for information on our charge-off policy for each of our loan categories.
table 26 presents our net charge-off amounts and rates, by portfolio segment, in 2015, 2014 and 2013.
table 26: net charge-offs year ended december 31,
2015                                      2014                                      2013
(dollars in millions)                                  amount            rate(1)                 amount            rate(1)                 amount            rate(1)
credit card:
domestic credit card                              $2,718             3.45%                  $2,445             3.43%                  $2,904              4.08     %
international credit card                            200              2.50                     283              3.69                     381              4.78
total credit card                                  2,918              3.36                   2,728              3.46                   3,285              4.15
consumer banking:
auto                                                 674              1.69                     619              1.78                     546              1.85
home loan(2)                                           9              0.03                      17              0.05                      16              0.04
retail banking                                        48              1.33                      39              1.07                      54              1.46
total consumer banking(2)                            731              1.03                     675              0.95                     616              0.85
commercial banking:
commercial and multifamily real estate               (15    )        (0.06     )                (5    )        (0.02     )                (8    )        (0.04     )
commercial and industrial                             60              0.21                      10              0.04                      15              0.07
total commercial lending                              45              0.09                       5              0.01                       7              0.02
small-ticket commercial real estate                    2              0.36                       5              0.52                       7              0.62
total commercial banking                              47              0.09                      10              0.02                      14              0.03
other loans                                           (1    )        (1.66     )                 1              0.36                      19             11.34
total net charge-offs                             $3,695              1.75                  $3,414              1.72                  $3,934              2.04
average loans held for investment               $210,745                                  $197,925                                  $192,614
__________
(1)   calculated for each loan category by dividing net charge-offs for the period by average loans held for investment during the period.
(2)   excluding the impact of acquired loans, the net charge-off rate for our home loan and total consumer banking portfolios was 0.13% and 1.45%, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to 0.24% and 1.49%, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2014; and 0.21% and 1.51% , respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2013.
for information regarding management's expectations of net charge-offs, see "md&a-business segment expectations."
85      capital one financial corporation (cof)
troubled debt restructurings as part of our loss mitigation efforts, we may provide short-term (three to twelve months) or long-term (greater than twelve months) modifications to a borrower experiencing financial difficulty to improve long-term collectability of the loan and to avoid the need for foreclosure or repossession of collateral.
table 27 presents our recorded investment of loans modified in tdrs as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. it excludes loan modifications that do not meet the definition of a tdr and acquired loans accounted for based on expected cash flows, which we track and report separately.
table 27: troubled debt restructurings december 31, 2015                                       december 31, 2014
(dollars in millions)                 amount         % of total modifications               amount           % of total modifications credit card                       $666                                  36.7%            $692                    41.9%
consumer banking:
auto                               488                                   26.8             435                     26.3
home loan                          229                                   12.6             218                     13.2
retail banking                      42                                    2.3              35                      2.1
total consumer banking             759                                   41.7             688                     41.6
commercial banking                 392                                   21.6             272                     16.5
total                           $1,817                                 100.0%          $1,652                   100.0%
status of tdrs:
performing                      $1,367                                  75.2%          $1,203                     72.8   %
nonperforming                      450                                   24.8             449                     27.2
total                           $1,817                                 100.0%          $1,652                   100.0%
the majority of our credit card tdrs involve reducing the interest rate on the account and placing the customer on a fixed payment plan not exceeding 60 months. the interest rate in effect immediately prior to the loan modification is used as the effective interest rate for purposes of measuring impairment using the present value of expected cash flows. in some cases, the interest rate on a credit card account is automatically increased due to non-payment, late payment or similar events. in all cases, we cancel the customer's available line of credit on the credit card. if the customer does not comply with the modified payment terms, then the credit card loan agreement may revert to its original payment terms, likely resulting in any loan outstanding reflected in the appropriate delinquency category, and charged off in accordance with our standard charge-off policy.
in the consumer banking business, the majority of our loans modified in tdrs receive an extension, an interest rate reduction or principal reduction, or a combination of both. in addition, tdrs also occur in connection with bankruptcy of the borrower. in certain bankruptcy discharges, the loan is written down to the collateral value and the charged off amount is reported as principal reduction. their impairment is determined using the present value of expected cash flows or a collateral evaluation for certain auto and home loans where the collateral value is lower than the recorded investment. in the commercial banking business, the majority of loans modified in tdrs receive an extension, with a portion of these loans receiving an interest rate reduction. the impairment on modified commercial loans is generally determined based on the underlying collateral value. we provide additional information on modified loans accounted for as tdrs, including the performance of those loans subsequent to modification, in "note 5-loans."
impaired loans a loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan. generally, we report loans as impaired based on the method for measuring impairment in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. loans defined as individually impaired include larger balance commercial nonperforming loans and tdrs. loans held for sale are not reported as impaired, as these loans are recorded at lower of cost or fair value. impaired loans also exclude acquired loans accounted for based on expected cash flows because this accounting methodology takes into consideration future credit losses expected to be incurred.
86      capital one financial corporation (cof)
impaired loans, including tdrs, totaled $2.5 billion and $1.9 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. loans modified in tdrs accounted for $1.8 billion and $1.7 billion of impaired loans as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we provide additional information on our impaired loans, including the allowance for loan and lease losses established for these loans, in "note 5-loans" and "note 6-allowance for loan and lease losses."
allowance for loan and lease losses our allowance for loan and lease losses represents management's best estimate of incurred loan and lease credit losses inherent in our held for investment portfolio as of each balance sheet date. the allowance for loan and lease losses is increased through the provision for credit losses and reduced by net charge-offs. we provide additional information on the methodologies and key assumptions used in determining our allowance for loan and lease losses in "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies."
our allowance for loan and lease losses increased by $747 million to $5.1 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. the allowance coverage ratio increased by 13 basis points to 2.23% as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. the increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses was primarily driven by continued loan growth, coupled with our expectations of rising charge-off rates in our domestic credit card portfolio driven by growth, as well as adverse market conditions impacting our oil and gas portfolio and taxi medallion lending portfolio in our commercial banking business.
table 28 presents changes in our allowance for loan and lease losses and unfunded lending commitments for 2015 and 2014, and details the provision for credit losses recognized in our consolidated statements of income and charge-offs and recoveries by portfolio segment.
87      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 28: allowance for loan and lease losses and unfunded lending commitments activity consumer banking
(dollars in millions)                                                 credit card              auto            home             retail                       total             commercial banking          other loans(1)               total loan            banking             consumerbanking allowance for loan and lease losses:
balance as of december 31, 2013                                      $3,214                $606             $83               $63                     $752                          $338                       $11                 $4,315
provision (benefit) for credit losses                                 2,750                 674              (3   )            32                      703                            67                        (5      )           3,515
charge-offs                                                          (3,963     )          (898   )         (32   )           (59    )                (989       )                   (34        )              (10      )          (4,996   )
recoveries                                                            1,235                 279              15                20                      314                            24                         9                  1,582
net charge-offs                                                      (2,728     )          (619   )         (17   )           (39    )                (675       )                   (10        )               (1      )          (3,414   )
other changes(2)                                                        (32     )             -              (1   )             -                       (1       )                     0                         0                    (33   )
balance as of december 31, 2014                                       3,204                 661              62                56                      779                           395                         5                  4,383
unfunded lending commitments reserve:
balance as of december 31, 2013                                           -                   -               -                 7                        7                            80                         -                     87
provision for unfunded lending commitments                                -                   -               -                 -                        -                            26                         -                     26
balance as of december 31, 2014                                           -                   -               -                 7                        7                           106                         -                    113
combined allowance and unfunded reserve as of december 31, 2014      $3,204                $661             $62               $63                     $786                          $501                        $5                 $4,496
allowance for loan and lease losses:
balance as of december 31, 2014                                      $3,204                $661             $62               $56                     $779                          $395                        $5                 $4,383
provision (benefit) for credit losses(3)                              3,417                 739              16                64                      819                           256                        (2      )           4,490
charge-offs                                                          (4,028     )          (998   )         (20   )           (64    )              (1,082       )                   (76        )               (7      )          (5,193   )
recoveries                                                            1,110                 324              11                16                      351                            29                         8                  1,498
net charge-offs                                                      (2,918     )          (674   )          (9   )           (48    )                (731       )                   (47        )                1                 (3,695   )
other changes(2)                                                        (49     )             -               1                 -                        1                             -                         -                    (48   )
balance as of december 31, 2015                                       3,654                $726              70                72                      868                           604                         4                  5,130
unfunded lending commitments reserve:
balance as of december 31, 2014                                           -                   -               -                 7                        7                           106                         -                    113
provision for unfunded lending commitments(3)                             -                   -               -                 -                        -                            46                         -                     46
other changes(2)                                                          -                   -               -                 -                        -                             9                         -                      9
balance as of december 31, 2015                                           -                   -               -                 7                        7                           161                         -                    168
combined allowance and unfunded reserve as of december 31, 2015      $3,654                $726             $70               $79                     $875                          $765                        $4                 $5,298
__________
(1)   primarily consists of our discontinued greenpoint mortgage operations loan portfolio.
(2)   represents foreign currency translation adjustments and the net impact of loan transfers and sales. at acquisition date we also recognized the fair value of the unfunded lending commitments reserve of the ge healthcare acquisition. see "note 2-business developments" for additional information about the ge healthcare acquisition.
(3)   includes a provision for credit losses of $49 million to establish an initial allowance and reserve related to the loans acquired in the ge healthcare acquisition.
88      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 29 presents the allowance coverage ratios as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
table 29: allowance coverage ratios december 31,
2015           2014
total allowance coverage ratios:
allowance for loan and lease losses as a % of loans held for investment         2.23%          2.10%
allowance for loan and lease losses as a % of nonperforming loans(1)           438.70         541.86
allowance coverage ratios by loan category:(2)
credit card (30+ day delinquent loans)                                         111.81         113.13
consumer banking (30+ day delinquent loans)                                     26.42          25.76
commercial banking (nonperforming loans)                                       109.76         225.86
__________
(1)   the allowance for loan and lease losses for both of nonperforming and performing loans as a percentage of nonperforming loans, excluding the allowance for loan and lease losses related to our domestic credit card loans, was 151.80% and 186.07% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(2)   calculated based on the total allowance for loan and lease losses divided by the outstanding balance of loans within the specified loan category.
liquidity risk profile we have established liquidity practices that are intended to ensure that we have sufficient asset-based liquidity to withstand the potential impact of deposit attrition or diminished liquidity in the funding markets. our practices are intended to maintain adequate liquidity reserves to cover our funding requirements as well as any potential deposit run-off and maintain access to diversified funding sources to avoid over-dependence on volatile, less reliable funding markets. our liquidity reserves consist of readily-marketable or pledgable assets which can be used as a source of liquidity, if needed.
table 30 below presents the composition of our liquidity reserves as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
table 30: liquidity reserves
(dollars in millions)                                                  december 31, 2015       december 31, 2014
cash and cash equivalents                                                 $8,023                  $7,242
investment securities available for sale, at fair value                   39,061                  39,508
investment securities held to maturity, at fair value                     25,317                  23,634
total investment securities portfolio(1)(2)                               64,378                  63,142
fhlb borrowing capacity secured by loans                                  30,661                  29,547
outstanding fhlb advances and letters of credit secured by loans         (20,514       )         (17,720       )
investment securities encumbered for public funds and others             (10,602       )         (10,631       )
total liquidity reserves                                                 $71,946                 $71,580
__________
(1)   the weighted-average life of our securities was approximately 5.8 years and 5.7 years as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
(2)   as part of our liquidity management strategy, we pledge securities to secure borrowings from counterparties and to secure trust and public deposits and other purposes as required or permitted by law. we pledged securities available for sale with a fair value of $1.7 billion and $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. we also pledged securities held to maturity with a carrying value of $8.7 billion and $9.0 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
our liquidity reserves increased by $366 million to $71.9 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. this increase was primarily attributable to an increase in the fair value of our investment securities portfolio, partially offset by an increase in our fhlb advances. see "md&a-risk management" for additional information on our management of liquidity risk.
we are subject to the final lcr rules as discussed in "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation." at december 31, 2015, we exceeded the fully phased-in lcr requirement. the calculation and the underlying components are based on our interpretations, expectations and assumptions of relevant regulations, as well as interpretations provided by our regulators, and are subject to change based on changes to future regulations and interpretations.
89      capital one financial corporation (cof)
borrowing capacity we filed a new shelf registration statement with the sec on march 31, 2015, which expires in march 2018. under this shelf registration, we may periodically offer and sell an indeterminate aggregate amount of senior or subordinated debt securities, preferred stock, depositary shares, common stock, purchase contracts, warrants and units. there is no limit under this shelf registration to the amount or number of such securities that we may offer and sell, subject to market conditions. we also filed a new shelf registration statement with the sec on july 30, 2015, which does not expire and allows us to periodically offer and sell up to $20 billion of securitized debt obligations.
in addition to our issuance capacity under the shelf registration statements, we also have access to fhlb advances with a maximum borrowing capacity of $30.7 billion as of december 31, 2015, of which $10.2 billion was still available to us to borrow as of december 31, 2015. we pledged loan collateral with an outstanding balance of $36.9 billion to secure this borrowing capacity. the ability to draw down funding is based on membership status and the amount is dependent upon the banks' ability to post collateral. our fhlb membership is secured by our investment in fhlb stock of $884 million and $807 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which was determined in part based on our outstanding advances. we also have access to the federal reserve discount window through which we had a borrowing capacity of $13.2 billion as of december 31, 2015. on an annual basis, we process immaterial overnight test trades to ensure continued system functionality and borrowing capabilities. although available, we do not view this borrowing capacity as a primary source of liquidity and did not utilize it during 2015 or 2014.
funding the company's primary source of funding comes from deposits, which provide us with a stable and relatively low cost of funds. in addition to deposits, the company raises funding through the issuance of senior and subordinated notes, fhlb advances secured by certain portions of our loan and securities portfolios, the issuance of securitized debt obligations, the issuance of brokered deposits, the purchase of federal funds and other borrowings. a key objective in our use of these markets is to maintain access to a diversified mix of wholesale funding sources.
deposits table 31 provides a comparison of the composition of our deposits, average balances, interest expense and average deposit rates for 2015, 2014 and 2013.
table 31: deposit composition and average deposit rates december 31, 2015
(dollars in millions)                           period endbalance           averagebalance             interestexpense        % ofaveragedeposits        averagedepositrate non-interest bearing accounts                     $25,847                   $25,312                        n/a                              12.0%                       n/a interest-bearing checking accounts(1)              44,720                    42,785                       $208                               20.3                     0.49%
saving deposits(2)                                134,075                   132,658                        769                               62.9                      0.58
time deposits less than $100,000                   10,347                     7,213                         74                                3.4                      1.03
total core deposits                               214,989                   207,968                      1,051                               98.6                      0.51
time deposits of $100,000 or more                   1,889                     2,043                         36                                1.0                      1.76
foreign time deposits(3)                843                                     978                          4                                0.4                      0.34
total deposits                                   $217,721                  $210,989                     $1,091                             100.0%                      0.52
90      capital one financial corporation (cof)
december 31, 2014
(dollars in millions)                           period endbalance           averagebalance             interestexpense        % ofaveragedeposits        averagedepositrate non-interest bearing accounts                     $25,081                   $24,639                        n/a                              12.0%                       n/a interest-bearing checking accounts(1)              41,022                    41,702                       $204                               20.3                     0.49%
saving deposits(2)                                130,156                   129,868                        752                               63.1                      0.58
time deposits less than $100,000                    6,051                     5,856                         75                                2.8                      1.29
total core deposits                               202,310                   202,065                      1,031                               98.2                      0.51
time deposits of $100,000 or more                   2,261                     2,560                         53                                1.3                      2.07
foreign time deposits(3)                977                                   1,050                          4                                0.5                      0.34
total deposits                                   $205,548                  $205,675                     $1,088                             100.0%                      0.53
december 31, 2013
(dollars in millions)                           period endbalance           averagebalance             interestexpense        % ofaveragedeposits        averagedepositrate non-interest bearing accounts                     $22,643                   $21,345                        n/a                              10.2%                       n/a interest-bearing checking accounts(1)              43,880                    43,823                       $254                               21.0                     0.58%
saving deposits(2)                                127,667                   129,373                        714                               61.8                      0.55
time deposits less than $100,000                    6,299                     8,955                        161                                4.3                      1.80
total core deposits                               200,489                   203,496                      1,129                               97.3                      0.55
time deposits of $100,000 or more                   2,852                     3,938                        108                                1.9                      2.74
foreign time deposits(3)                            1,182                     1,611                          4                                0.8                      0.25
total deposits                                   $204,523                  $209,045                     $1,241                             100.0%                      0.59
__________
(1)   includes negotiable order of withdrawal ("now") accounts.
(2)   includes money market deposit accounts ("mmda").
(3)   substantially all of our foreign time deposits were greater than $100,000 as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
our deposits include brokered deposits, which we obtained through the use of third-party intermediaries. those brokered deposits are reported as interest-bearing checking, saving deposits and time deposits in the above table and totaled $12.0 billion and $5.1 billion as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the fdic limits the acceptance of brokered deposits by "well-capitalized" insured depository institutions and, with a waiver from the fdic, by "adequately capitalized" institutions. cobna and cona were "well-capitalized," as defined under the federal banking regulatory guidelines, as of both december 31, 2015 and 2014. see "part i-item 1. business-supervision and regulation" for additional information.
91      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 32 presents the contractual maturities of large-denomination domestic time deposits of $100,000 or more as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. our funding and liquidity management activities factor into the expected maturities of these deposits. based on past activity, we expect to retain a portion of these deposits as they mature. accordingly, we expect the actual net cash outflows will be less than the contractual maturity amounts.
table 32: maturities of large-denomination domestic time deposits-$100,000 or more december 31,
2015                                   2014
(dollars in millions)                    amount        % of total               amount        % of total up to three months                    $271                  14.3%            $492                  21.8%
&gt; 3 months to 6 months              213                   11.3             403                   17.8
&gt; 6 months to 12 months             315                   16.7             653                   28.9
&gt; 12 months                       1,090                   57.7             713                   31.5
total                               $1,889                 100.0%          $2,261                 100.0%
short-term borrowings and long-term debt we access the capital markets to meet our funding needs through the issuance of senior and subordinated notes, securitized debt obligation transactions, and federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase. in addition, we may utilize short-term and long-term fhlb advances secured by our investment securities, residential home loans, multifamily real estate loans, commercial real estate loans and home equity lines of credit. a portion of our long-term fhlbs are structured with a three-month call option at our discretion.
our short-term borrowings include those borrowings with an original contractual maturity of one year or less and do not include the current portion of long-term debt. the short-term borrowings, which consist of federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, and short-term fhlb advances, decreased by $16.1 billion to $981 million as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014 as we extended the maturity of our fhlb advances during 2015.
our long-term debt, which primarily consists of securitized debt obligations, senior and subordinated notes, and long-term fhlb advances, increased by $26.8 billion to $58.1 billion as of december 31, 2015 from december 31, 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to net increases of $19.0 billion in long-term callable fhlb advances, $4.5 billion in securitized debt obligations and $3.2 billion in unsecured notes.
table 33 displays the maturity profile, based on contractual maturities, of our short-term borrowings and long-term debt including securitized debt obligations, senior and subordinated notes and other borrowings as of december 31, 2015.
table 33: contractual maturity profile of outstanding debt december 31, 2015
(dollars in millions)                                                                          up to1 year            &gt; 1 yearto 2 years           &gt; 2 yearsto 3 years            &gt; 3 yearsto 4 years      &gt; 4 yearsto 5 years                  &gt; 5 years               total short-term borrowings:
federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase            $981                           $-                               $-                                $-                $-                                         $-                   $981
total short-term borrowings                                                                      981                            -                                -                                 -                -                                           -                    981
long-term debt:
securitized debt obligations                                                                   3,519                        7,234                            2,361                             1,136                1,564                                     352                 16,166
senior and subordinated notes:
unsecured senior debt                                                                          1,400                        3,082                            4,674                             3,514                -                                       5,087                 17,757
unsecured subordinated debt                                                                    1,030                            -                                -                               320                -                                       2,730                  4,080
total senior and subordinated notes                                                            2,430                        3,082                            4,674                             3,834                -                                       7,817                 21,837
other long-term borrowings:
fhlb advances                                                                                     18                           18                               10                                 1                1,000                                  19,051                 20,098
capital lease obligations                                                                          1                            1                                1                                 1             1                                             28                     33
total other long-term borrowings                                                                  19                           19                               11                                 2                1,001                                  19,079                 20,131
total long-term debt(1)                                                                        5,968                       10,335                            7,046                             4,972                2,565                                  27,248                 58,134
total short-term borrowings and long-term debt                                                $6,949                      $10,335                           $7,046                            $4,972                $2,565                                $27,248                $59,115
percentage of total                                                                              12%                          18%                              12%                                8%                4%                                        46%                   100%
__________
(1)   includes unamortized discounts, premiums and other cost basis adjustments, which together resulted in a net reduction of $224 million as of december 31, 2015.
we provide additional information on our short-term borrowings and long-term debt under "consolidated balance sheets analysis-securitized debt obligations," "consolidated balance sheets analysis-other debt" and in "note 10-deposits and borrowings."
credit ratings our credit ratings impact our ability to access capital markets and our non-deposit borrowing costs. rating agencies base their ratings on numerous factors, including liquidity, capital adequacy, asset quality, quality of earnings and the probability of systemic support. significant changes in these factors could result in different ratings. such ratings help to support our cost effective unsecured funding as part of our overall financing programs. table 34 provides a summary of the credit ratings for the senior unsecured debt of capital one financial corporation, cobna and cona as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
92      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table 34: senior unsecured debt credit ratings december 31, 2015                                                                             december 31, 2014
capital onefinancialcorporation         capital onebank (usa),n.a.         capital one,n.a.   capital onefinancialcorporation         capital onebank (usa),n.a.         capital one,n.a.
moody's   baa1                                    baa1                               baa1               baa1                                    a3                                 a3
s&amp;p   bbb                                     bbb+                               bbb+               bbb                                     bbb+                               bbb+
fitch     a-                                      a-                                 a-                 a-                                      a-                                 a-
as of february 23, 2016, moody's, s&p and fitch have us on a stable outlook. on march 17, 2015, moody's announced that they would be adopting a new bank rating methodology that could potentially result in changes in the ratings of the securities of many banks, including capital one. as a result of this adoption, on may 14, 2015, capital one financial corporation's subordinated debt and preferred stock ratings received upgrades, while on june 19, 2015, cobna and cona's senior unsecured debt ratings received a downgrade of one level.
contractual obligations in the normal course of business, we enter into various contractual obligations that may require future cash payments that affect our short- and long-term liquidity and capital resource needs. our future cash outflows primarily relate to deposits, borrowings and operating leases. table 35 summarizes, by remaining contractual maturity, our significant contractual cash obligations based on the undiscounted future cash payments as of december 31, 2015. the actual timing and amounts of future cash payments may differ from the amounts presented below due to a number of factors, such as discretionary debt repurchases. table 35 excludes certain obligations where the obligation is short-term or subject to valuation based on market factors, such as trade payables and trading liabilities. the table also excludes the representation and warranty reserve of $610 million as of december 31, 2015 and obligations for pension and post-retirement benefit plans, which are discussed in more detail in "note 17-employee benefit plans."
table 35: contractual obligations december 31, 2015
(dollars in millions)                                                                               up to             &gt; 1 years             &gt; 3 years             &gt; 5 years               total
1 year               to 3 years               to 5 years interest-bearing time deposits(1)                                                             $4,864                 $4,072                   $4,023                     $121                $13,080
securitized debt obligations                                                                   3,519                  9,595                    2,700          352                             16,166
other debt:
federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase             981                      -                        -                        -                    981
senior and subordinated notes                                                                  2,430                  7,756                    3,834                    7,817                 21,837
other borrowings(2)                                                                               19                     30                    1,003                   19,079                 20,131
total other debt                                                                               3,430                  7,786                    4,837                   26,896                 42,949
operating leases                                                                                 292                    547                      435                    1,027                  2,301
purchase obligations(3)                                                                          175                    241                       66                        -                    482
total                                                                                        $12,280                $22,241                  $12,061                  $28,396                $74,978
_________
(1)   includes only those interest-bearing deposits which have a contractual maturity date.
(2)   other borrowings include fhlb advances and capital lease obligations.
(3)   represents substantial agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and specify all significant terms. the purchase obligations are included through the termination date of the agreements even if the contract is renewable. these include capital expenditures, contractual commitments to purchase equipment and services, software acquisition/license commitments, contractual minimum media commitments and any contractually required cash payments for acquisitions, and exclude funding commitments entered into in the ordinary course of business. see "note 21-commitments, contingencies, guarantees and others" for further details.
93      capital one financial corporation (cof)
market risk profile market risk is inherent in the financial instruments associated with our operations and activities, including loans, deposits, securities, short-term borrowings, long-term debt and derivatives. below we provide additional information about our primary sources of market risk, our market risk management strategies and the measures we use to evaluate our market risk exposure.
primary market risk exposures our primary source of market risk is interest rate risk. we also have exposure to foreign exchange risk.
interest rate risk interest rate risk, which represents exposure to instruments whose yield or price varies with the volatility of interest rates, is our most significant source of market risk exposure. banks are inevitably exposed to interest rate risk due to differences in the timing between the maturities or re-pricing of assets and liabilities.
foreign exchange risk foreign exchange risk represents exposure to changes in the values of current holdings and future cash flows denominated in other currencies. our primary exposure is related to the funding of our non-dollar net investments in our international card business in the u.k. and canada. changes in foreign exchange rates affect the value of non-dollar denominated equity invested in our foreign operations and impact our aoci and related capital ratios. our intercompany funding exposes our consolidated statements of income to foreign exchange transaction risk, while our equity investments in our foreign operations results in translation risk in aoci. we manage our transaction risk by entering into forward foreign currency derivative contracts to hedge our exposure to variability in cash flows related to foreign currency denominated intercompany borrowings. in the third quarter of 2014, we began entering into net investment hedges to manage our aoci exposure. we apply hedge accounting to both intercompany funding hedges and net investment hedges.
we measure our total exposure by regularly tracking the equity value of our net equity invested in our u.k. and canadian operations as well as their funding requirements. we apply a 30% u.s. dollar appreciation shock against each of our great british pound ("gbp") and canadian dollar ("cad") net investment exposures, which we believe approximates a significant adverse foreign exchange movement over a one-year time horizon. our gross equity exposures were 1.4 billion gbp and 1.3 billion gbp as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and 686 million cad and 581 million cad as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. as a result of our derivative management activities, we believe our net exposure to foreign exchange risk is minimal.
market risk management we employ several techniques to manage our interest rate and foreign exchange risk, which include, but are not limited to, altering the duration and re-pricing characteristics of our various assets and liabilities through interest rate derivatives or mitigating the foreign exchange exposure of certain non-dollar denominated equity or transactions through derivatives. derivatives are one of the primary tools we use in managing interest rate and foreign exchange risk. our current market risk management policies include the use of derivatives. we execute our derivative contracts in both over-the-counter and exchange-traded derivative markets. although the majority of our derivatives are interest rate swaps, we also use a variety of other derivative instruments, including caps, floors, options, futures and forward contracts, to manage both our interest rate and foreign currency risk. the outstanding notional amount of our derivative contracts totaled $105.9 billion as of december 31, 2015, compared to $88.6 billion as of december 31, 2014, driven by an increase in our hedging activities.
94      capital one financial corporation (cof)
market risk measurement we have risk management policies and limits established by our market risk management policies and approved by the board of directors. our objective is to manage our asset and liability risk position and exposure to market risk in accordance with these policies and prescribed limits based on prevailing market conditions and long-term expectations. because no single measure can reflect all aspects of market risk, we use various industry standard market risk measurement techniques and analysis to measure, assess and manage the impact of changes in interest rates on our net interest income and our economic value of equity and foreign exchange rates on our non-dollar denominated earnings and non-dollar equity investments in foreign operations. we provide additional information below in "economic value of equity."
we consider the impact on both net interest income and economic value of equity in measuring and managing our interest rate risk. because the federal funds rate was lowered to near zero in december 2008, remained in a target range of 0% to 0.25% until december 2015, and then increased to a range of 0.25% to 0.50%, we use a 50 basis points decrease as our declining interest rate scenario, since a scenario where interest rates would decline by 200 basis points is unlikely. in scenarios where a 50 basis points decline would result in a rate less than 0%, we assume a rate of 0%. below we discuss the assumptions used in calculating each of these measures.
net interest income sensitivity this sensitivity measure estimates the impact on our projected 12-month base-line interest rate sensitive revenue resulting from movements in interest rates. interest rate sensitive revenue consists of net interest income and certain components of other non-interest income significantly impacted by movements in interest rates, including changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights and free-standing interest rate swaps. adjusted net interest income consists of net interest income and changes in the fair value of mortgage servicing rights, including related derivative hedging activity, and changes in the fair value of free-standing interest rate swaps. in addition to our existing assets and liabilities, we incorporate expected future business growth assumptions, such as loan and deposit growth and pricing, and plans for projected changes in our funding mix in our baseline forecast. in measuring the sensitivity of interest rate movements on our projected interest rate sensitive revenue, we assume an instantaneous +200 basis points and -50 basis points shock, with the lower rate scenario limited to zero as described above.
economic value of equity our economic value of equity sensitivity measure estimates the impact on the net present value of our assets and liabilities, including derivative hedging activity, resulting from movements in interest rates. our economic value of equity sensitivity measures are calculated based on our existing assets and liabilities, including derivatives, and do not incorporate business growth assumptions or projected plans for funding mix changes. in measuring the sensitivity of interest rate movements on our economic value of equity, we assume a hypothetical instantaneous parallel shift in the level of interest rates of +200 basis points and -50 basis points to spot rates, with the lower rate scenario limited to zero as described above.
table 36 shows the estimated percentage impact on our projected base-line net interest income and economic value of equity, calculated under the methodology described above, as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
table 36: interest rate sensitivity analysis december 31,     december 31, 2014
2015
estimated impact on projected base-line net interest income
+200 basis points                                               2.6%                4.5%
-50 basis points                                                (1.6   )            (2.1   )
estimated impact on economic value of equity
+200 basis points                                               (5.2   )            (3.4   )
-50 basis points                                                (0.6   )            (1.2   )
our projected net interest income and economic value of equity sensitivity measures were within our policy limits as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. in addition to these industry standard measures, we will continue to factor into our internal interest rate risk management decisions the potential impact of alternative interest rate scenarios, such as stressed rate shocks as well as steepening and flattening yield curve scenarios.
95      capital one financial corporation (cof)
limitations of market risk measures the interest rate risk models that we use in deriving these measures incorporate contractual information, internally-developed assumptions and proprietary modeling methodologies, which project borrower and depositor behavior patterns in certain interest rate environments. other market inputs, such as interest rates, market prices and interest rate volatility, are also critical components of our interest rate risk measures. we regularly evaluate, update and enhance these assumptions, models and analytical tools as we believe appropriate to reflect our best assessment of the market environment and the expected behavior patterns of our existing assets and liabilities.
there are inherent limitations in any methodology used to estimate the exposure to changes in market interest rates. the sensitivity analysis described above contemplates only certain movements in interest rates and is performed at a particular point in time based on the existing balance sheet and, in some cases, expected future business growth and funding mix assumptions. the strategic actions that management may take to manage our balance sheet may differ significantly from our projections, which could cause our actual earnings and economic value of equity sensitivities to differ substantially from the above sensitivity analysis.
96      capital one financial corporation (cof)
supplemental tables table a-loans held for investment portfolio composition december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                   2015                  2014                  2013                  2012                  2011
credit card:
domestic credit card(1)                          $87,939               $77,704               $73,255               $83,141               $56,609
international credit card                          8,186                 8,172                 8,050                 8,614                 8,466
total credit card                                 96,125                85,876                81,305                91,755                65,075
consumer banking:
auto                                              41,549                37,824                31,857                27,123                21,779
home loan                                         25,227                30,035                35,282                44,100                10,433
retail banking                                     3,596                 3,580                 3,623                 3,904                 4,103
total consumer banking                            70,372                71,439                70,762                75,127                36,315
commercial banking:
commercial and multifamily real estate            25,518                23,137                20,750                17,732                15,736
commercial and industrial                         37,135                26,972                23,309                19,892                17,088
total commercial lending                          62,653                50,109                44,059                37,624                32,824
small-ticket commercial real estate                  613                   781                   952                 1,196                 1,503
total commercial banking                          63,266                50,890                45,011                38,820                34,327
other loans                                           88                   111                   121                   187                   175
total loans held for investment                 $229,851              $208,316              $197,199              $205,889              $135,892
__________
(1)   includes installment loans of $16 million, $144 million, $323 million, $813 million and $1.9 billion as of december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
97      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table b-performing delinquencies(1)
december 31,
2015                                          2014                                          2013                                          2012                                          2011
(dollars in millions)                 loans(2)(3)                  % of             loans(2)(3)                  % of             loans(2)(3)                  % of             loans(2)(3)                  % of             loans(2)(3)                  % of total                                         total                                         total                                         total                                         total loans(4)                                      loans(4)                                      loans(4)                                      loans(4)                                      loans(4)
loans held for investment          $229,851              100.00%                 $208,316              100.00%                 $197,199              100.00%                 $205,889              100.00%                 $135,892              100.00%
delinquent loans:
30-59 days                            3,042                 1.33   %                2,803                 1.34   %                2,584                 1.31   %                2,629                 1.28   %                2,267                 1.67   %
60-89 days                            1,636                 0.71                    1,394                 0.67                    1,313                 0.67                    1,399                 0.68                    1,043                 0.77
90-119 days                             603                 0.26                      508                 0.24                      512                 0.26                      628                 0.30                      497                 0.36
120-149 days                            493                 0.21                      409                 0.20                      418                 0.21                      485                 0.24                      390                 0.29
150 or more days                        409                 0.18                      346                 0.17                      361                 0.18                      414                 0.20                      355                 0.26
total                                $6,183                2.69%                   $5,460                2.62%                   $5,188                2.63%                   $5,555                2.70%                   $4,552                3.35%
by geographic area:
domestic                             $5,939                2.58%                   $5,220                2.50%                   $4,889                2.48%                   $5,247                2.55%                   $4,114                3.03%
international                           244                 0.11                      240                 0.12                      299                 0.15                      308                 0.15                      438                 0.32
total                                $6,183                2.69%                   $5,460                2.62%                   $5,188                2.63%                   $5,555                2.70%                   $4,552                3.35%
__________
(1)   acquired loans are included in loans held for investment, but excluded from delinquent loans as these loans are considered performing in accordance with our expectations as of the purchase date, as we recorded these loans at estimated fair value when we acquired them. as of december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011 the acquired loan portfolio's contractual 30 to 89 day delinquencies total $99 million, $152 million, $223 million, $369 million and $162 million, respectively. for loans 90+ day past due, see "md&amp;a-table c-nonperforming loans and other nonperforming assets."
(2)   credit card loan balances are reported net of the finance charge and fee reserve, which totaled $262 million, $216 million, $190 million, $307 million and $74 million as of december 31, 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
(3)   the performing loan modifications and restructuring totaled $1.4 billion, $1.2 billion and $1.3 billion as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and $1.4 billion as of both december 31, 2012 and 2011.
(4)   calculated by dividing loans in each delinquency status category and geographic region as of the end of the period by the total loan portfolio.
98      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table c-nonperforming loans and other nonperforming assets december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                                                                  2015                2014                2013                2012                2011
nonperforming loans held for investment:(1)
credit card:
international credit card                                                                                           $53                 $70                 $88                $100                  $-
total credit card                                                                                                    53                  70                  88                 100                   -
consumer banking:
auto                                                                                                                219                 197                 194                 149                 106
home loan                                                                                                           311                 330                 376                 422                 456
retail banking                                                                                                       28                  22                  41                  71                  90
total consumer banking                                                                                              558                 549                 611                 642                 652
commercial banking:
commercial and multifamily real estate                                                                                7                  62                  52                 137                 207
commercial and industrial                                                                                           538                 106                  93                 133                 125
total commercial lending                                                                                            545                 168                 145                 270                 332
small-ticket commercial real estate                                                                                   5                   7                   4                  12                  40
total commercial banking                                                                                            550                 175                 149                 282                 372
other loans                                                                                                           9                  15                  19                  30                  35
total nonperforming loans held for investment                                                                    $1,170                $809                $867              $1,054              $1,059
other nonperforming assets:
foreclosed property(2)                                                                                             $126                $139                $113                $204                $169
other assets(3)                                                                                                     198                 183                 160                 109                  95
total nonperforming assets                                                                                       $1,494              $1,131              $1,140              $1,367              $1,323
nonperforming loans as a percentage of loans held for investment                                                  0.51%               0.39%               0.44%               0.51%               0.78%
nonperforming assets as a percentage of loans held for investment plus total other nonperforming assets            0.65                0.54                0.58                0.66                0.97
__________
(1)   the ratio of nonperforming loans as a percentage of total loans held for investment is calculated based on the nonperforming loans divided by the total outstanding unpaid principal balance of loans held for investment. the denominator used in calculating the nonperforming asset ratios consists of total loans held for investment and other nonperforming assets.
(2)   includes acquired reos of $101 million as of both december 31, 2015 and 2014, $68 million, $167 million and $86 million as of december 31, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
(3)   in 2013, we began including the net realizable value of auto loans that have been charged-off as a result of bankruptcy and repossessed assets obtained in satisfaction of auto loans. both of these amounts are included in other assets. prior period amounts have been adjusted to conform to current period presentation.
99      capital one financial corporation (cof)
table d-net charge-offs(1)
december 31,
(dollars in millions)               2015                  2014                  2013                  2012                  2011
average loans held for investment          $210,745              $197,925              $192,614              $187,915              $128,424
net charge-offs                               3,695                 3,414                 3,934                 3,555                 3,771
net charge-off rate                           1.75%                 1.72%                 2.04%                 1.89%                 2.94%
__________
(1)   calculated for each loan category by dividing net charge-offs for the period divided by average loans held for investment during the period.
100     capital one financial corporation (cof)
table e-summary of allowance for loan and lease losses and unfunded lending commitments december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                                           2015                2014                2013                2012                2011
allowance for loan and lease losses:
balance at beginning of period                                                            $4,383              $4,315              $5,156              $4,250              $5,628
provision for credit losses                                                                4,490               3,515               3,401               4,446               2,401
charge-offs:
credit card                                                                               (4,028   )          (3,963   )          (4,542   )          (4,159   )          (4,310   )
consumer banking                                                                          (1,082   )            (989   )            (888   )            (797   )            (732   )
commercial banking                                                                           (76   )             (34   )             (49   )             (94   )            (214   )
other loans                                                                                   (7   )             (10   )             (26   )             (43   )             (59   )
total charge-offs                                                                         (5,193   )          (4,996   )          (5,505   )          (5,093   )          (5,315   )
recoveries:
credit card                                                                                1,110               1,235               1,257               1,215               1,254
consumer banking                                                                             351                 314                 272                 266                 248
commercial banking                                                                            29                  24                  35                  52                  37
other loans                                                                                    8                   9                   7                   5                   5
total recoveries                                                                           1,498               1,582               1,571               1,538               1,544
net charge-offs                                                                           (3,695   )          (3,414   )          (3,934   )          (3,555   )          (3,771   )
other changes                                                                                (48   )             (33   )            (308   )              15                  (8   )
balance at end of period                                                                  $5,130              $4,383              $4,315              $5,156              $4,250
unfunded lending commitments reserve:
balance at beginning of period                                                              $113                 $87                 $35                 $66                $107
provision (benefit) for unfunded lending commitments                                          46                  26                  52                 (31   )             (41   )
other changes                                                                                  9                   -                   -                   -                   -
balance at end of period                                                                     168                 113                  87                  35                  66
combined allowance and unfunded reserve at end of period                                  $5,298              $4,496              $4,402              $5,191              $4,316
allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans held for investment           2.23%               2.10%               2.19%               2.50%               3.13%
combined allowance and unfunded reserve by geographic distribution:
domestic                                                                                  $4,999              $4,170              $4,024              $4,738              $3,844
international                                                                                299                 326                 378                 453                 472
total                                                                                     $5,298              $4,496              $4,402              $5,191              $4,316
combined allowance and unfunded reserve by loan category:
credit card                                                                               $3,654              $3,204              $3,214              $3,979              $2,847
consumer banking                                                                             875                 786                 759                 719                 661
commercial banking                                                                           765                 501                 418                 460                 772
other loans                                                                                    4                   5                  11                  33                  36
total                                                                                     $5,298              $4,496              $4,402              $5,191              $4,316
101     capital one financial corporation (cof)
table f-reconciliation of non-gaap measures and calculation of regulatory capital measures(1)
december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                               2015                  2014                  2013                  2012                  2011
period end tangible common equity period end stockholders' equity                              $47,284               $45,053               $41,632               $40,425               $29,617
goodwill and intangible assets(2)                            (15,701   )           (15,383   )           (15,784   )           (16,224   )           (13,908   )
noncumulative perpetual preferred stock(3)                    (3,294   )            (1,822   )              (853   )              (853   )                 -
tangible common equity                                       $28,289               $27,848               $24,995               $23,348               $15,709
average tangible common equity average stockholders' equity                                 $47,713               $44,268               $41,482               $37,265               $28,538
average goodwill and intangible assets(2)                    (15,273   )           (15,575   )           (15,938   )           (15,604   )           (13,981   )
average noncumulative perpetual preferred stock(3)            (2,641   )            (1,213   )              (853   )              (331   )                 -
average tangible common equity                               $29,799               $27,480               $24,691               $21,330               $14,557
period end tangible assets period end assets                                           $334,048              $308,167              $296,064              $311,682              $204,336
goodwill and intangible assets(2)                            (15,701   )           (15,383   )           (15,784   )           (16,224   )           (13,908   )
tangible assets                                             $318,347              $292,784              $280,280              $295,458              $190,428
average tangible assets average assets                                              $313,474              $297,659              $296,200              $285,142              $198,323
average goodwill and intangible assets(2)                    (15,273   )           (15,575   )           (15,938   )           (15,604   )           (13,981   )
average tangible assets                                     $298,201              $282,084              $280,262              $269,538              $184,342
non-gaap tce ratio tce ratio(4)                                                    8.9%                  9.5%                   8.9   %               7.9   %               8.2   %
capital ratios(5)
common equity tier 1 capital ratio(6)                          11.1%                 12.5%                   n/a                   n/a                   n/a tier 1 common ratio(7)                                           n/a                   n/a                  12.2   %              10.9   %               9.6   %
tier 1 capital ratio(8)                                         12.4                  13.2                  12.6                  11.3                  12.0
total capital ratio(9)                                          14.6                  15.1                  14.7                  13.5                  14.8
tier 1 leverage ratio(10)                                       10.6                  10.8                  10.1                   8.6                  10.0
supplementary leverage ratio(11)                                 9.2                   n/a                   n/a                   n/a                   n/a risk-weighted assets(12)                                    $265,739              $236,944              $224,556              $223,499              $155,571
average assets for the leverage ratio                        309,037               291,243               280,574               292,790               185,349
102     capital one financial corporation (cof)
december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                                      2015                             2014
regulatory capital under basel iii standardized approach(5)
common equity excluding aoci                                                                     $44,606             $43,661
adjustments:
aoci(13)(14)                                                                                        (254   )             (69   )
goodwill(2)                                                                                      (14,296   )         (13,805   )
intangible assets(2)(14)                                                                            (393   )            (243   )
other                                                                                               (119   )             (10   )
common equity tier 1 capital                                                                      29,544              29,534
tier 1 capital instruments(3)                                                                      3,294               1,822
additional tier 1 capital adjustments                                                                  -                  (1   )
tier 1 capital                                                                                    32,838              31,355
tier 2 capital instruments                                                                         2,654               1,542
qualifying allowance for loan and lease losses                                                     3,346               2,981
additional tier 2 capital adjustments                                                                  -                   1
tier 2 capital                                                                                     6,000               4,524
total capital(15)                                                                                $38,838             $35,879
december 31,
(dollars in millions)                                                                                         2013                2012                2011
regulatory capital under basel i(5)
total stockholders' equity                                                                             $41,632             $40,425             $29,617
adjustments:
net unrealized losses (gains) on investment securities available for sale recorded in aoci(13)             791                (712   )            (289   )
net losses on cash flow hedges recorded in aoci(13)                                                        136                   2                  71
disallowed goodwill and intangible assets(2)                                                           (14,326   )         (14,428   )         (13,855   )
disallowed deferred tax assets                                                                               -                   -                (563   )
noncumulative perpetual preferred stock(3)                                                                (853   )            (853   )               -
other                                                                                                       (5   )             (12   )              (2   )
tier 1 common capital                                                                                   27,375              24,422              14,979
noncumulative perpetual preferred stock(3)                                                                 853                 853                   -
tier 1 restricted core capital items                                                                         2                   2               3,635
tier 1 capital                                                                                          28,230              25,277              18,614
long-term debt qualifying as tier 2 capital                                                              1,914               2,119               2,438
qualifying allowance for loan and lease losses                                                           2,833               2,831               1,978
other tier 2 components                                                                                     10                  13                  23
tier 2 capital                                                                                           4,757               4,963               4,439
total capital(15)                                                                                      $32,987             $30,240             $23,053
_________
(1)   as of january 1, 2015, we changed our accounting principle to move from a gross basis of presentation to a net basis, for presenting qualifying derivative assets and liabilities, as well as the related right to reclaim cash collateral or obligation to return cash collateral. see "note 1-summary of significant accounting policies" for additional information. prior period results, excluding regulatory ratios, have been recast to conform to this presentation.
(2)   includes impact of related deferred taxes.
(3)   includes related surplus.
(4)   tangible common equity ratio is a non-gaap measure calculated based on tce divided by tangible assets.
(5)   beginning on january 1, 2014, we calculate our regulatory capital under the basel iii standardized approach subject to transition provisions. prior to january 1, 2014, we calculated regulatory capital under basel i.
(6)   common equity tier 1 capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on common equity tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(7)   tier 1 common capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure under basel i calculated based on tier 1 common capital divided by basel i risk-weighted assets.
(8)   tier 1 capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
103     capital one financial corporation (cof)
(9)   total capital ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on total capital divided by risk-weighted assets.
(10)   tier 1 leverage ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital divided by average assets, after certain adjustments.
(11)   supplementary leverage ratio is a regulatory capital measure calculated based on tier 1 capital under the basel iii standardized approach divided by total leverage exposure. see "md&amp;a-capital management" for additional information.
(12)   as of january 1, 2015, risk-weighted assets are calculated under the basel iii standardized approach, subject to transition provisions. prior to january 1, 2015 risk-weighted assets were calculated under basel i.
(13)   amounts presented are net of tax.
(14)   amounts based on transition provisions for regulatory capital deductions and adjustments of 20% for 2014 and 40% for 2015.
(15)   total capital equals the sum of tier 1 capital and tier 2 capital.
104     capital one financial corporation (cof)
glossary and acronyms
2012 u.s. card acquisition: on may 1, 2012, pursuant to the agreement with hsbc finance corporation, hsbc usa inc. and hsbc technology and services (usa) inc. (collectively, "hsbc"), we closed the acquisition of substantially all of the assets and assumed liabilities of hsbc's credit card and private label credit card business in the united states (other than the hsbc bank usa, consumer credit card program and certain other retained assets and liabilities).
2015 stock repurchase program: on march 11, 2015, we announced that our board of directors had authorized the repurchase of up to $3.125 billion of shares of our common stock beginning in the second quarter of 2015 through the end of the second quarter of 2016. on february 17, 2016 we announced that our board of directors had authorized the repurchase of up to an additional $300 million of shares of common stock through the end of the second quarter of 2016.
acquired loans or pci loans: refers to these loans acquired in a business combination that were recorded at fair value at acquisition and subsequently accounted for based on expected cash flows to be collected in accordance with accounting standard codification ("asc") 310-30, loans and debt securities acquired with deteriorated credit quality (formerly known as "statement of position 03-3, accounting for certain loans or debt securities acquired in a transfer," commonly referred to as "sop 03-3"). our acquired loans include a limited portion of commercial loans acquired in the fourth quarter of 2015 in the ge healthcare acquisition, a limited portion of the credit card loans acquired in the 2012 u.s. card acquisitions and the substantial majority of consumer and commercial loans acquired in the ing direct and chevy chase acquisitions.
the excess of cash flows expected to be collected over the estimated fair value of purchased loans represents the accretable yield, which is recognized into interest income over the life of the loans. the difference between total contractual payments on the loans and all expected cash flows represents the nonaccretable difference or the amount of principal and interest not considered collectible, which incorporates future expected credit losses over the life of the loans. decreases in expected cash flows from credit deterioration subsequent to acquisition will generally result in an impairment charge recognized in our provision for credit losses and an increase in the allowance for loan and lease losses. charge-offs are not recorded until the expected credit losses within the nonaccretable difference are depleted. in addition, acquired loans are not classified as delinquent or nonperforming as we expect to collect our net investment in these loans and the nonaccretable difference will absorb the majority of the losses associated with these loans.
annual report: references to our "2015 form 10-k" or "2015 annual report" or "this report" are to our annual report on form 10-k for the fiscal year ended december 31, 2015.
banks: refers to cobna and cona.
basel committee: the basel committee on banking supervision.
basel iii advanced approaches: the basel iii advanced approaches is mandatory for those institutions with consolidated total assets of $250 billion or more or consolidated total on-balance sheet foreign exposure of $10 million or more. the final basel iii capital rule modified the advanced approaches version of basel ii to create the basel iii advanced approaches.
basel iii standardized approach: the final basel iii capital rule modified basel i to create the basel iii standardized approach, which requires for basel iii advanced approaches banking organizations that have yet to exit parallel run to use the basel iii standardized approach to calculate regulatory capital, including capital ratios, subject to transition provisions.
benefit obligation and projected benefit obligation: benefit obligation refers to the total of the projected benefit obligation for pension plans and the accumulated postretirement benefit obligations. projected benefit obligation represents the actuarial present value of all benefits accrued on employee service rendered prior to the calculation date, including allowance for future salary increases if the pension benefit is based on future compensation levels.
bhc act: the bank holding company act of 1956, as amended (12 u.s.c. § 1842).
capital one: capital one financial corporation and its subsidiaries.
carrying value (with respect to loans): the amount at which a loan is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets. for loans recorded at amortized cost, carrying value is the unpaid principal balance net of unamortized deferred loan origination fees and costs, and unamortized purchase premium or discount. for loans that are or have been on nonaccrual status, the carrying value is also reduced by any net charge-offs that have been recorded and the amount of interest payments applied as a reduction of principal under the cost recovery method. for credit card loans, the carrying value also includes interest that has been billed to the customer. for loans classified as held for sale, carrying value is the lower of carrying value as described in the sentences above, or fair value.
105     capital one financial corporation (cof)
for acquired loans, the carrying value equals fair value upon acquisition adjusted for subsequent cash collections and yield accreted to date.
ccb: chevy chase bank, f.s.b., which was acquired by the company in 2009.
cobna: capital one bank (usa), national association, one of our fully owned subsidiaries, which offers credit and debit card products, other lending products and deposit products.
collective trusts: an investment fund formed from the pooling of investments by investors.
common equity tier 1 capital: common equity, related surplus and retained earnings less accumulated other comprehensive income net of applicable phase-ins, less goodwill and intangibles net of associated deferred tax liabilities and applicable phase-ins, less other deductions, as defined by regulators.
company: capital one financial corporation and its subsidiaries.
cona: capital one, national association, one of our fully owned subsidiaries, which offers a broad spectrum of banking products and financial services to consumers, small businesses and commercial clients.
credit risk: the risk of loss from an obligor's failure to meet the terms of any contract or otherwise fail to perform as agreed.
derivative: a contract or agreement whose value is derived from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, prices of securities or commodities, credit worthiness for credit default swaps or financial or commodity indices.
discontinued operations: the operating results of a component of an entity, as defined by asc 205, that are removed from continuing operations when that component has been disposed of or it is management's intention to sell the component.
dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act"): regulatory reform legislation signed into law on july 21, 2010. this law broadly affects the financial services industry and contains numerous provisions aimed at strengthening the sound operation of the financial services sector.
exchange act: the securities exchange act of 1934.
extensible business reporting language ("xbrl"): a language for the electronic communication of business and financial data.
federal banking agencies: the federal reserve, office of the comptroller of the currency and federal deposit insurance corporation.
federal reserve: board of governors of the federal reserve system.
fico score: a measure of consumer credit risk provided by credit bureaus, typically produced from statistical modeling software created by fair isaac corporation utilizing data collected by the credit bureaus.
final basel iii capital rule: the federal baking agencies issued a rule in july 2013 implementing the basel iii capital framework developed by the basel committee as well as certain dodd-frank act and other capital provisions.
final lcr rule: the federal banking agencies issued final rules implementing the basel iii liquidity coverage ratio in the united states.
foreign currency derivative contracts: an agreement to exchange contractual amounts of one currency for another currency at one or more future dates.
foreign exchange contracts: contracts that provide for the future receipt or delivery of foreign currency at previously agreed-upon terms.
greenpoint: refers to our wholesale mortgage banking unit, greenpoint mortgage funding, inc. ("greenpoint"), which was closed in 2007.
gse or agency: a government-sponsored enterprise or agency is a financial services corporation created by the united states congress. examples of u.s. government agencies include federal national mortgage association (fannie mae), federal home loan mortgage corporation (freddie mac), government national mortgage association (ginnie mae) and the federal home loan banks.
impairment: the condition when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds or is expected to exceed its fair value.
106     capital one financial corporation (cof)
impaired loans: a loan is considered impaired when, based on current information and events, it is probable that we will not be able to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the original contractual terms of the loan.
inactive insured securitizations: securitizations as to which the monoline bond insurers have not made repurchase-related requests or loan file requests to one of our subsidiaries.
ing direct acquisition: on february 17, 2012, we completed the acquisition of substantially all of the ing direct business in the united states ("ing direct") from ing groep n.v., ing bank n.v., ing direct n.v. and ing direct bancorp.
insured securitizations: securitizations supported by bond insurance.
interest rate sensitivity: the exposure to interest rate movements.
interest rate swaps: contracts in which a series of interest rate flows in a single currency are exchanged over a prescribed period. interest rate swaps are the most common type of derivative contract that we use in our asset/liability management activities.
investment grade: represents moody's long-term rating of baa3 or better; and/or a standard & poor's, fitch or dbrs long-term rating of bbb- or better; or if unrated, an equivalent rating using our internal risk ratings. instruments that fall below these levels are considered to be non-investment grade.
investments in qualified affordable housing projects: capital one invests in private investment funds that make equity investments in multifamily affordable housing properties that provide affordable housing tax credits for these investments. the activities of these entities are financed with a combination of invested equity capital and debt.
investor entities: entities that invest in community development entities ("cde") that provide debt financing to businesses and non-profit entities in low-income and rural communities.
leverage ratio (basel i guideline): tier 1 capital divided by average assets after certain adjustments, as defined by the regulators.
liquidity risk: the risk that the company will not be able to meet its future financial obligations as they come due, or invest in future asset growth because of an inability to obtain funds at a reasonable price within a reasonable time period.
loan-to-value ("ltv") ratio: the relationship expressed as a percentage, between the principal amount of a loan and the appraised value of the collateral (i.e., residential real estate, autos, etc.) securing the loan.
managed presentation: a non-gaap presentation of financial results that includes reclassifications to present revenue on a fully taxable-equivalent basis. management uses this non-gaap financial measure at the segment level, because it believes this provides information to enable investors to understand the underlying operational performance and trends of the particular business segment and facilitates a comparison of the business segment with the performance of competitors.
market risk: the risk that an institution's earnings or the economic value of equity could be adversely impacted by changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates or other market factors.
master netting agreement: an agreement between two counterparties that have multiple contracts with each other that provides for the net settlement of all contracts through a single payment in the event of default or termination of any one contract.
mortgage-backed security ("mbs"): an asset-backed security whose cash flows are backed by the principal and interest payments of a set of mortgage loans.
mortgage servicing rights ("msr"): the right to service a mortgage loan when the underlying loan is sold or securitized. servicing includes collections for principal, interest and escrow payments from borrowers and accounting for and remitting principal and interest payments to investors.
net interest margin: the result of dividing net interest income by average interest-earning assets.
nonperforming loans and leases: loans and leases that have been placed on non-accrual status.
north fork: north fork bancorporation, inc., which was acquired by the company in 2006.
operational risk: the risk of loss, capital impairment, adverse customer experience or reputational impact resulting from failure to comply with policies and procedures, failed internal processes or systems, or from external events.
option-arm loans: the option-arm real estate loan product is an adjustable-rate mortgage loan that initially provides the borrower with the monthly option to make a fully-amortizing, interest-only or minimum fixed payment. after the initial payment option period, usually five years, the recalculated minimum payment represents a fully-amortizing principal and interest payment that would effectively repay the loan by the end of its contractual term.
107     capital one financial corporation (cof)
other-than-temporary impairment ("otti"): an impairment charge taken on a security whose fair value has fallen below the carrying value on the balance sheet and its value is not expected to recover through the holding period of the security.
patriot act: the usa patriot act of 2001 (uniting and strengthening america by providing appropriate tools required to intercept and obstruct terrorism).
portfolio sale: the sale of the best buy private label and co-branded credit card portfolio to citibank, n.a., which was completed on september 6, 2013.
proxy statement: capital one's proxy statement for the 2015 annual stockholders meeting.
public fund deposits: deposits that are derived from a variety of political subdivisions such as school districts and municipalities.
purchase volume: dollar amount of customer purchases, net of returns.
rating agency: an independent agency that assesses the credit quality and likelihood of default of an issue or issuer and assigns a rating to that issue or issuer.
recorded investment: the amount of the investment in a loan which includes any direct write-down of the investment.
repurchase agreement: an instrument used to raise short-term funds whereby securities are sold with an agreement for the seller to buy back the securities at a later date.
restructuring charges: charges typically from the consolidation or relocation of operations, and reductions in work force.
return on average assets: calculated based on income from continuing operations, net of tax, for the period divided by average total assets for the period.
return on average common equity: calculated based on the sum of (i) income from continuing operations, net of tax; (ii) less dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities; (iii) less preferred stock dividends, for the period, divided by average common equity. our calculation of return on average common equity may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
return on average tangible common equity: calculated based on the sum of (i) income from continuing operations, net of tax; (ii) less dividends and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities; and (iii) less preferred stock dividends, for the period, divided by average tangible common equity. our calculation of return on average tangible common equity may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
risk-weighted assets: consist of on- and off-balance sheet assets that are assigned to one of several broad risk categories and weighted by factors representing their risk and potential for default. in 2014, the calculation of risk weighted assets is based on the general risk-based approach, as defined by regulators.
securitized debt obligations: a type of asset-backed security and structured credit product constructed from a portfolio of fixed-income assets.
sop 03-3: statement of position 03-3 (or asc 310-30), accounting for certain loans or debt securities acquired in a transfer.
small-ticket commercial real estate: our small-ticket commercial real estate portfolio is predominantly low- or no-documentation loans with balances generally less than $2 million. this portfolio was originated on a national basis through a broker network and is in a run-off mode.
subprime: for purposes of lending in our credit card business we generally consider fico scores of 660 or below, or other equivalent risk scores, to be subprime. for purposes of auto lending in our consumer banking business we generally consider fico scores of 620 or below to be subprime.
tangible common equity ("tce"): common equity less goodwill and intangible assets adjusted for deferred tax liabilities associated with non-tax deductible intangible assets and tax deductible goodwill.
tier 1 common capital: tier 1 capital less preferred stock, qualifying trust preferred securities, hybrid securities and qualifying noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries under basel i.
troubled debt restructuring ("tdr"): a tdr is deemed to occur when the company modifies the contractual terms of a loan agreement by granting a concession to a borrower that is experiencing financial difficulty.
u.k. ppi reserve: u.k. payment protection insurance customer refund reserve.
108     capital one financial corporation (cof)
u.s. gaap: accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america. accounting rules and conventions defining acceptable practices in preparing financial statements in the u.s.
unfunded commitments: legally binding agreements to provide a defined level of financing until a specified future date.
variable interest entity ("vie"): an entity that: (i) lacks enough equity investment at risk to permit the entity to finance its activities without additional financial support from other parties; (ii) has equity owners that lack the right to make significant decisions affecting the entity's operations; and/or (iii) has equity owners that do not have an obligation to absorb or the right to receive the entity's losses or return.
volcker rule: a final rule implementing section 619 of the dodd-frank act that contains prohibitions on proprietary trading and certain investments in, and relationships with, covered funds (hedge funds, private equity funds and similar funds).
acronyms abs: asset-backed security aoci: accumulated other comprehensive income arm: adjustable rate mortgage asc: accounting standard codification bhc: bank holding company bps: basis points cad: canadian dollar ccar: comprehensive capital analysis and review cde: community development entities cfpb: consumer financial protection bureau cftc: commodity futures trading commission cmbs: commercial mortgage-backed securities coep: capital one (europe) plc cof: capital one financial corporation coso: committee of sponsoring organizations of the treadway commission cra: community reinvestment act dif: deposit insurance fund dus: delegated underwriting and servicing fannie mae: federal national mortgage association fasb: financial accounting standards board fca: financial conduct authority fdic: federal deposit insurance corporation fdicia: the federal deposit insurance corporation improvement act of 1991
ffiec: federal financial institutions examination council fha: federal housing administration fhlb: federal home loan banks fico: fair isaac corporation (credit rating)
firrea: financial institutions reform, recovery and enforcement act fitch: fitch ratings freddie mac: federal home loan mortgage corporation fvc: fair value committee gbp: great british pound gdp: gross domestic product
109     capital one financial corporation (cof)
ginnie mae: government national mortgage association glba: gramm-leach-bliley act gse or agency: government-sponsored enterprise helocs: home equity lines of credit hfi: held for investment hsbc: hsbc finance corporation, hsbc usa inc. and hsbc technology and services (usa) inc.
lcr: liquidity coverage ratio libor: london interbank offered rate moody's: moody's investors service msr: mortgage servicing rights now: negotiable order of withdrawal nsfr: net stable funding ratio occ: office of the comptroller of the currency otc: over-the-counter pca: prompt corrective action pccr: purchased credit card relationship rmbs: residential mortgage-backed securities s&p: standard & poor's scra: servicemembers civil relief act sec: u.s. securities and exchange commission slr: supplementary leverage ratio tarp: troubled asset relief program tav: trade analytics and valuation team tce: tangible common equity tdr: troubled debt restructuring tila: truth in lending act u.k.: united kingdom u.s.: united states of america ucl: unfair competition law vac: valuations advisory committee
