item 1a. risk factors various risks and uncertainties could affect our business. any of the risks described below or elsewhere in this report or our other filings with the securities and exchange commission could have a material impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations. it is not possible to predict or identify all risk factors. additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also impair our business operations.
our strategic real estate plan which includes the transfer of a portion of our real estate assets to a new real estate investment trust ("reit") that will be separated by a spin-off, split-off or similar transaction, resulting in the reit becoming an independent, publicly-traded company (the "reit transaction") may not be completed or may not deliver its intended results, which could adversely affect our business.
on june 23, 2015, we announced the reit transaction. the completion of the reit transaction is subject to a number of implementation and operational complexities including the separation of some of our real estate assets into a reit. there can be no assurances that the reit transaction will be completed and there are a number of risks and uncertainties related to the reit transaction, including:
•   whether we will be able to separate some of our real estate assets into a reit;
•   whether we are able to obtain required regulatory approvals for the reit transaction or the timing of such approvals;
12
•   whether the new, independent, publicly-traded company will qualify as a reit which involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended, as well as various factual determinations not entirely within our control;
•   whether changes in legislation, the treasury regulations, or internal revenue service interpretations may adversely impact our ability to separate our real estate assets into a reit or whether shareholders will benefit from being a reit;
•   whether we are able to complete financings and/or refinancing related to the reit transaction within an acceptable timeframe and on acceptable terms, if at all;
•   whether we and the reit may be able to conduct and expand our respective businesses following the reit transaction due to circumstances beyond our control; and
•   whether there could be legal or other challenges to the reit transaction, including changes in legal, regulatory, market and other circumstances which could lead our board to decide not to pursue the reit transaction.
we have the right to terminate the transaction, even if all of the conditions have been satisfied, if the board determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that the reit transaction is not in the best interests of the company and its shareholders or that market conditions or other circumstances are such that the reit transaction is no longer advisable at that time. while we have considered a variety of strategies, including alternative financings, capital and tax strategies, designed to maximize long-term shareholder value, there can be no assurances that the reit transaction will be the most beneficial alternative considered.
in connection with our strategic real estate plan, we may be locked into long-term and non-cancelable leases that we may want to cancel, and may be unable to renew the leases that we may want to extend at the end of their terms.
under the strategic real estate plan being pursued, we will transfer approximately 430 of our owned restaurant properties to the reit, with substantially all of the reit's initial assets being leased back to us. in addition, we have been marketing selected properties for individual sale leasebacks. to date, we have listed approximately 75 properties including our orlando restaurant support center property and buildings. the initial terms for the leases for these properties is 15 years except in a few cases, and have fixed rent escalations for the initial term and multiple renewal options at our discretion. if we close a restaurant, we may remain committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, which would include, among other things, payment of the base rent for the balance of the lease term. additionally, the potential losses associated with our inability to cancel leases may result in our keeping open restaurant locations that are performing significantly below targeted levels. as a result, ongoing lease obligations at closed or underperforming restaurant locations could impair our results of operations. in addition, at the end of the lease term and expiration of all renewal periods, we may be unable to renew the lease without substantial additional cost, if at all. as a result, we may be required to close or relocate a restaurant, which could subject us to construction and other costs and risks, and may have an adverse effect on our operating performance.
a failure to maintain food safety throughout the supply chain and food-borne illness concerns may have an adverse effect on our business.
food safety is a top priority, and we dedicate substantial resources to ensuring that our guests enjoy safe, quality food products. however, food safety issues could be caused at the point of source or by food suppliers or distributors and, as a result, be out of our control. in addition, regardless of the source or cause, any report of food-borne illnesses such as e. coli, hepatitis a, trichinosis or salmonella, and other food safety issues including food tampering or contamination, at one of our restaurants could adversely affect the reputation of our brands and have a negative impact on our sales. even instances of food-borne illness, food tampering or food contamination occurring solely at restaurants of our competitors could result in negative publicity about the food service industry generally and adversely impact our sales. the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or food safety issues could also adversely affect the price and availability of affected ingredients, resulting in higher costs and lower margins.
litigation, including allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our business is subject to the risk of litigation by employees, guests, suppliers, shareholders, government agencies or others through private actions, class actions, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation. these actions and proceedings may involve allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, including wage and hour violations and employment discrimination; guest discrimination; food safety issues including poor food quality, food-borne illness, food tampering, food contamination, and adverse health effects from consumption of various food products or high-calorie foods (including obesity); other personal injury; violation of "dram shop" laws (providing an injured party with recourse against an establishment that serves alcoholic beverages to an intoxicated party who then causes injury to himself or a third party); trademark infringement; violation of the federal securities laws; or other concerns. the outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits and regulatory actions, is difficult to assess or quantify. plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. the cost to defend litigation may be significant. there may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation
13
that could decrease guest acceptance of our brands, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or we ultimately are found liable. litigation could impact our operations in other ways as well. allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, for example, could adversely affect employee acquisition and retention. as a result, litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
unfavorable publicity, or a failure to respond effectively to adverse publicity, could harm our reputation and adversely impact our guest counts and sales.
the good reputation of our restaurant brands is a key factor in the success of our business. actual or alleged incidents at any of our restaurants could result in negative publicity that could harm our brands. even incidents occurring at restaurants operated by our competitors or in the supply chain generally could result in negative publicity that could harm the restaurant industry overall and, indirectly, our own brands. negative publicity may result from allegations of illegal, unfair or inconsistent employment practices, employee dissatisfaction, guest discrimination, illness, injury, or any of the other matters discussed above that could give rise to litigation. regardless of whether the allegations or complaints are valid, unfavorable publicity relating to a limited number of our restaurants, or only to a single restaurant, could adversely affect public perception of the entire brand. negative publicity also may result from health concerns including food safety and flu outbreaks, publication of government or industry findings concerning food products, environmental disasters, crime incidents, data privacy breaches, scandals involving our employees, or operational problems at our restaurants, all of which could make our brands and menu offerings less appealing to our guests and negatively impact our guest counts and sales. adverse publicity and its effect on overall consumer perceptions of our brands, or our failure to respond effectively to adverse publicity, could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are subject to a number of risks relating to public policy changes and federal, state and local regulation of our business, including in the areas of health care reform, environmental matters, minimum wage, unionization, data privacy, menu labeling, immigration requirements and taxes, and an insufficient or ineffective response to government regulation may impact our cost structure, operational efficiencies and talent availability.
the restaurant industry is subject to extensive federal, state, local and international laws and regulations. the development and operation of restaurants depend to a significant extent on the selection and acquisition of suitable sites, which are subject to building, zoning, land use, environmental, traffic and other regulations and requirements. we are subject to licensing and regulation by state and local authorities relating to health, sanitation, safety and fire standards and the sale of alcoholic beverages. we are subject to laws and regulations relating to the preparation and sale of food, including regulations regarding product safety, nutritional content and menu labeling. we are subject to federal and state laws governing minimum wages, unionization and other labor issues. these include the fair labor standards act of 1938 and requirements concerning overtime, paid or family leave, tip credits, working conditions and safety standards. they also include the immigration reform and control act of 1986, which requires among other things the preparation of form i-9 to verify that employees are authorized to accept employment in the united states.
we also are subject to federal and state laws which prohibit discrimination and other laws regulating the design and operation of facilities, such as the ada. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and increase our exposure to litigation and governmental proceedings, and a failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws could result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation. new or changing laws and regulations relating to union organizing rights and activities may impact our operations at the restaurant level and increase our labor costs.
the affordable care act was enacted in march 2010.  we have continued to evaluate the potential impacts of this law on our business, and accommodate various parts of the law and related rules and regulations as they take effect.  there are no assurances that a combination of cost management and price increases can accommodate all of the costs associated with compliance. we did not receive tax-free subsidies for providing prescription drugs to retirees under medicare part d. therefore, we have no deferred tax assets associated with our retiree medical plan that would be impacted by this law. the affordable care act also requires restaurant companies such as ours to disclose calorie information on their menus. although the fda published proposed regulations to implement the nutritional menu labeling provisions, it has delayed release of final regulations. we do not expect to incur any material costs from compliance with this provision, but cannot anticipate any changes in guest behavior resulting from the implementation of this portion of the law, which could have an adverse effect on our sales or results of operations. we are also reviewing the potential impacts of new laws associated with health care passed by various state and local governments.
we are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge, emission and disposal of hazardous materials. there also has been increasing focus by united states and overseas governmental authorities on other environmental matters, such as climate change, the reduction of greenhouse gases and water consumption. this increased focus may lead to new initiatives directed at regulating a yet to be specified array of environmental matters, such as the emission of greenhouse gases, where "cap and trade" initiatives could effectively impose a tax on carbon emissions. legislative, regulatory or other efforts to combat climate change or other environmental concerns could result in future increases in the cost of raw
14
materials, taxes, transportation and utilities, which could decrease our operating profits and necessitate future investments in facilities and equipment.
we are subject to laws relating to information security, privacy, cashless payments and consumer credit, protection and fraud. an increasing number of governments and industry groups worldwide have established data privacy laws and standards for the protection of personal information, including social security numbers, financial information (including credit card numbers), and health information. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly, and any failure or perceived failure to comply with those laws could harm our reputation or lead to litigation, which could adversely affect our financial condition.
the impact of current laws and regulations, the effect of future changes in laws or regulations that impose additional requirements and the consequences of litigation relating to current or future laws and regulations, or an insufficient or ineffective response to significant regulatory or public policy issues, could increase our cost structure, operational efficiencies and talent availability, and therefore have an adverse effect on our results of operations. failure to comply with the laws and regulatory requirements of federal, state and local authorities could result in, among other things, revocation of required licenses, administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. compliance with these laws and regulations can be costly and can increase our exposure to litigation or governmental investigations or proceedings.
we may be subject to increased labor and insurance costs.
our restaurant operations are subject to united states and canadian federal and state laws governing such matters as minimum wages, working conditions, overtime and tip credits. as federal and state minimum wage rates increase, we may need to increase not only the wages of our minimum wage employees, but also the wages paid to employees at wage rates that are above minimum wage. labor shortages, increased employee turnover and health care mandates could also increase our labor costs. this in turn could lead us to increase prices which could impact our sales. conversely, if competitive pressures or other factors prevent us from offsetting increased labor costs by increases in prices, our profitability may decline. in addition, the current premiums that we pay for our insurance (including workers' compensation, general liability, property, health, and directors' and officers' liability) may increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. the dollar amount of claims that we actually experience under our workers' compensation and general liability insurance, for which we carry high per-claim deductibles, may also increase at any time, thereby further increasing our costs. further, the decreased availability of property and liability insurance has the potential to negatively impact the cost of premiums and the magnitude of uninsured losses.
we rely heavily on information technology in our operations, and insufficient guest or employee facing technology, or a failure to maintain a continuous and secure cyber network, free from material failure, interruption or security breach could harm our ability to effectively operate our business and/or result in the loss of respected relationships with our guests or employees.
we rely heavily on information systems across our operations, including for marketing programs, employee engagement, management of our supply chain, point-of-sale processing system in our restaurants, and various other processes and transactions. our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the production, distribution and sale of our products depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these systems. in addition, we must effectively respond to changing guest expectations and new technological developments. disruptions, failures or other performance issues with these guest facing technology systems could impair the benefits that they provide to our business and negatively affect our relationship with our guest. the failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement systems, a material network breach in the security of these systems as a result of a cyber attack, or any other failure to maintain a continuous and secure cyber network could result in substantial harm or inconvenience to us or an individual. this could include the theft of our intellectual property or trade secrets, or the improper use of personal information or other "identity theft." each of these situations or data privacy breaches may cause delays in guest service, reduce efficiency in our operations, require significant capital investments to remediate the problem, result in customer or advertiser dissatisfaction or otherwise result in negative publicity that could harm our reputation and we could be subjected to litigation, regulatory investigations or the imposition of penalties. as privacy and information security laws and regulations change and cyber risks evolve, we may incur additional costs to ensure we remain in compliance.
our inability or failure to execute on a comprehensive business continuity plan following a major natural disaster such as a hurricane or manmade disaster, including terrorism, at our corporate facility could have a materially adverse impact on our business.
many of our corporate systems and processes and corporate support for our restaurant operations are centralized at one florida location. we have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address most events of a crisis nature, including hurricanes and other natural disasters, and back up and off-site locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information. however, if we are unable to fully implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness in required reporting and compliance, failures
15
to adequately support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and operating procedures that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative and other legal claims.
health concerns arising from food-related pandemics, outbreaks of flu viruses or other diseases may have an adverse effect on our business.
the united states and other countries have experienced, or may experience in the future, outbreaks of viruses, such as norovirus, avian flu or "sars," and h1n1 or "swine flu," or other diseases such as bovine spongiform encephalopathy, commonly known as "mad cow disease." to the extent that a virus or disease is food-borne, or perceived to be food-borne, future outbreaks may adversely affect the price and availability of certain food products and cause our guests to eat less of a product, or could reduce public confidence in food handling and/or public assembly. for example, health concerns relating to the consumption of beef or to specific events such as an outbreak of "mad cow disease" may adversely impact sales at longhorn steakhouse and the capital grille restaurants that offer beef as a primary menu item. in addition, public concern over avian flu may cause fear about the consumption of chicken, eggs and other products derived from poultry. the inability to serve beef or poultry-based products would restrict our ability to provide a variety of menu items to our guests. if we change a restaurant menu in response to such concerns, we may lose guests who do not prefer the new menu, and we may not be able to attract a sufficient new guest base to produce the sales needed to make the restaurant profitable. we also may have different or additional competitors for our intended guests as a result of such a change and may not be able to successfully compete against such competitors. if a virus is transmitted by human contact, our employees or guests could become infected, or could choose, or be advised, to avoid gathering in public places, any of which could adversely affect our restaurant guest traffic, and our ability to adequately staff our restaurants, receive deliveries on a timely basis or perform functions at the corporate level. we also could be adversely affected if jurisdictions in which we have restaurants impose mandatory closures, seek voluntary closures or impose restrictions on operations. even if such measures are not implemented and a virus or other disease does not spread significantly, the perceived risk of infection or significant health risk may adversely affect our business.
we face intense competition, and if we have an insufficient focus on competition and the consumer landscape, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
the full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry is intensely competitive with respect to pricing, service, location, personnel and type and quality of food, and there are many well-established competitors. we compete within each market with national and regional restaurant chains and locally-owned restaurants. we also face growing competition as a result of the trend toward convergence in grocery, deli and restaurant services, particularly in the supermarket industry which offers "convenient meals" in the form of improved entrées and side dishes from the deli section. we compete primarily on the quality, variety and value perception of menu items. the number and location of restaurants, type of brand, quality and efficiency of service, attractiveness of facilities and effectiveness of advertising and marketing programs are also important factors. we anticipate that intense competition will continue with respect to all of these factors. if we are unable to continue to compete effectively, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
our failure to drive both short-term and long-term profitable sales growth through brand relevance, operating excellence, and opening new restaurants of existing brands, and developing new dining brands could result in poor financial performance.
as part of our business strategy, we intend to drive profitable sales growth by increasing same-restaurant sales at existing restaurants, continuing to expand our current portfolio of restaurant brands, and developing additional brands that can be expanded profitably. this strategy involves numerous risks, and we may not be able to achieve our growth objectives.
at existing brands, we may not be able to maintain brand relevance and restaurant operating excellence to achieve sustainable same-restaurant sales growth and warrant new unit growth. existing brand short-term sales growth could be impacted if we are unable to drive near term guest count and sales growth, and long-term sales growth could be impacted if we fail to extend our existing brands in ways that are relevant to our guests. a failure to innovate and extend our existing brands in ways that are relevant to guests and occasions in order to generate sustainable same-restaurant traffic growth and produce non-traditional sales and earnings growth opportunities, insufficient focus on our competition, or failure to adequately address the decline of the casual dining industry, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, we may not be able to support sustained new unit growth or open all of our planned new restaurants, and the new restaurants that we open may not be profitable or as profitable as our existing restaurants. new restaurants typically experience an adjustment period before sales levels and operating margins normalize, and even sales at successful newly-opened restaurants generally do not make a significant contribution to profitability in their initial months of operation. the opening of new restaurants can also have an adverse effect on sales levels at existing restaurants.
the ability to open and profitably operate restaurants is subject to various risks, such as the identification and availability of suitable and economically viable locations, the negotiation of acceptable lease or purchase terms for new locations, the need to obtain all required governmental permits (including zoning approvals and liquor licenses) on a timely basis, the need to comply
16
with other regulatory requirements, the availability of necessary contractors and subcontractors, the ability to meet construction schedules and budgets, the ability to manage union activities such as picketing or hand billing which could delay construction, increases in labor and building material costs, the availability of financing at acceptable rates and terms, changes in weather or other acts of god that could result in construction delays and adversely affect the results of one or more restaurants for an indeterminate amount of time, our ability to hire and train qualified management personnel and general economic and business conditions. at each potential location, we compete with other restaurants and retail businesses for desirable development sites, construction contractors, management personnel, hourly employees and other resources. if we are unable to successfully manage these risks, we could face increased costs and lower than anticipated sales and earnings in future periods.
we also may not be able to identify and integrate additional brands or develop new business opportunities that are as profitable as our existing restaurants.
our plans to expand our smaller brands bahama breeze, seasons 52 and eddie v's, and the testing of other new business ventures that have not yet proven their long-term viability, may not be successful, which could require us to make substantial further investments in those brands and new business ventures and result in losses and impairments.
while each of our restaurant brands, as well as each of our individual restaurants, are subject to the risks and uncertainties described above, there is an enhanced level of risk and uncertainty related to the operation and expansion of our smaller brands such as bahama breeze, seasons 52 and eddie v's. these brands and new business ventures have not yet proven their long-term viability or growth potential. we have made substantial investments in the development and expansion of each of these brands and further investment is required. while we have implemented a number of changes to operations at bahama breeze, and believe we have improved the guest experience and unit economics sufficiently to restart modest unit growth, there can be no assurance that these changes will continue to be successful or that additional new unit growth will occur. seasons 52 and eddie v's also are in the early stages of their development and will require additional resources to support further growth. our other new business initiatives such as the sale of consumer packaged goods have not yet proved their long-term viability and may not be successful.
in each case, these brands and business initiatives will continue to be subject to the risks and uncertainties that accompany any emerging restaurant brand or new business initiative.
a lack of availability of suitable locations for new restaurants or a decline in the quality of the locations of our current restaurants may adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
the success of our restaurants depends in large part on their locations. as demographic and economic patterns change, current locations may not continue to be attractive or profitable. possible declines in neighborhoods where our restaurants are located or adverse economic conditions in areas surrounding those neighborhoods could result in reduced sales in those locations. in addition, desirable locations for new restaurant openings or for the relocation of existing restaurants may not be available at an acceptable cost when we identify a particular opportunity for a new restaurant or relocation. the occurrence of one or more of these events could have a significant adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
we may experience higher-than-anticipated costs associated with the opening of new restaurants or with the closing, relocating and remodeling of existing restaurants, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
our sales and expenses can be impacted significantly by the number and timing of the opening of new restaurants and the closing, relocating and remodeling of existing restaurants. we incur substantial pre-opening expenses each time we open a new restaurant and other expenses when we close, relocate or remodel existing restaurants. the expenses of opening, closing, relocating or remodeling any of our restaurants may be higher than anticipated. an increase in such expenses could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.
a failure to identify and execute innovative marketing and guest relationship tactics, ineffective or improper use of other marketing initiatives, and increased advertising and marketing costs, could adversely affect our results of operations.
if our competitors increase their spending on advertising and promotions, if our advertising, media or marketing expenses increase, or if our advertising and promotions become less effective than those of our competitors, or if we do not adequately leverage technology and data analytic capabilities needed to generate concise competitive insight, we could experience a material adverse effect on our results of operations. a failure to sufficiently innovate, develop guest relationship initiatives, or maintain adequate and effective advertising could inhibit our ability to maintain brand relevance and drive increased sales.
as part of our marketing efforts, we rely on search engine marketing and social media platforms to attract and retain guests, and will begin efforts to consolidate our brands into a single digital technology platform. these initiatives may not be successful, and pose a variety of other risks, as discussed below under the heading: "our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could materially adversely impact our business."
17
a failure to recruit, develop and retain effective leaders, the loss or shortage of personnel with key capacities and skills, or an inability to adequately monitor and proactively respond to employee dissatisfaction could impact our strategic direction and jeopardize our ability to meet our growth targets.
our future growth depends substantially on the contributions and abilities of key executives and other employees. our future growth also depends substantially on our ability to recruit and retain high-quality employees to work in and manage our restaurants. we must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees in order to maintain our current business and support our projected growth. changes in senior management could expose us to significant changes in strategic direction and initiatives. a failure to maintain appropriate organizational capacity and capability to support leadership excellence (adequate resources, innovative skill sets and expectations) and build adequate bench strength required for growth, a loss of key employees or a significant shortage of high-quality restaurant employees, and an inability to adequately monitor and proactively respond to employee dissatisfaction which could lead to poor guest satisfaction, higher turnover, litigation and unionization which could jeopardize our ability to meet our growth targets.
a failure to address cost pressures, including rising costs for commodities, labor, health care and utilities used by our restaurants, and a failure to effectively deliver cost management activities and achieve economies of scale in purchasing, could compress our margins and adversely affect our sales and results of operations.
our results of operations depend significantly on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the price and availability of food, ingredients, labor, health care, utilities and other related costs over which we may have little control. operating margins for our restaurants are subject to changes in the price and availability of food commodities, including shrimp, lobster, crab and other seafood, as well as beef, pork, chicken, cheese and produce. the introduction of or changes to tariffs on imported food products, such as shrimp, could increase our costs and possibly impact the supply of those products. we cannot predict whether we will be able to anticipate and react to changing food costs by adjusting our purchasing practices and menu prices, and a failure to do so could adversely affect our operating results. we attempt to leverage our size to achieve economies of scale in purchasing, but there can be no assurances that we can always do so effectively. we are subject to the general risks of inflation.
increases in minimum wage, health care and other benefit costs may have a material adverse effect on our labor costs. we operate in many states and localities, where the minimum wage is significantly higher than the federal minimum wage. increases in minimum wage may also result in increases in the wage rates paid for non-minimum wage positions our restaurants' operating margins are also affected by fluctuations in the price of utilities such as electricity and natural gas, whether as a result of inflation or otherwise, on which the restaurants depend for their energy supply. in addition, interruptions to the availability of gas, electric, water or other utilities, whether due to aging infrastructure, weather conditions, fire, animal damage, trees, digging accidents or other reasons largely out of our control, may adversely affect our operations. our inability to anticipate and respond effectively to an adverse change in any of these factors could have a significant adverse effect on our sales and results of operations.
we may lose sales or incur increased costs if our restaurants experience shortages or interruptions in the delivery of food and other products from our third party vendors and suppliers.
shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies to our restaurants may be caused by inclement weather; natural disasters such as hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, droughts and earthquakes; the inability of our vendors to obtain credit in a tightened credit market or remain solvent given disruptions in the financial markets; or other conditions beyond our control. such shortages or interruptions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of the items we buy and the operations of our restaurants. we may have a limited number of suppliers for certain of our products. supply chain risk could increase our costs and limit the availability of products that are critical to our restaurant operations. if we raise prices as a result of increased food costs or shortages, it may negatively impact our sales. if we temporarily close a restaurant or remove popular items from a restaurant's menu, that restaurant may experience a significant reduction in sales during the time affected by the shortage or thereafter as a result of our guests changing their dining habits.
adverse weather conditions and natural disasters could adversely affect our restaurant sales.
adverse weather conditions can impact guest traffic at our restaurants, cause the temporary underutilization of outdoor patio seating and, in more severe cases such as hurricanes, tornadoes or other natural disasters, cause temporary closures, sometimes for prolonged periods, which would negatively impact our restaurant sales. changes in weather could result in construction delays, interruptions to the availability of utilities, and shortages or interruptions in the supply of food items and other supplies, which could increase our costs. some climatologists predict that the long-term effects of climate change and global warming may result in more severe, volatile weather or extended droughts, which could increase the frequency and duration of weather impacts on our operations.
18
volatility in the market value of derivatives we use to hedge exposures to fluctuations in commodity prices may cause volatility in our gross margins and net earnings.
we use or may use derivatives to hedge price risk for some of our principal ingredient and energy costs, including but not limited to coffee, butter, wheat, soybean oil, pork, beef, diesel fuel, gasoline and natural gas. changes in the values of these derivatives are recorded in earnings currently, resulting in volatility in both gross margin and net earnings. these gains and losses are reported as a component of cost of sales in our consolidated statements of earnings included in our consolidated financial statements. we may experience volatile earnings as a result of these market factors.
certain economic and business factors specific to the restaurant industry and other general macroeconomic factors including unemployment, energy prices and interest rates that are largely beyond our control may adversely affect consumer behavior and our results of operations.
our business results depend on a number of industry-specific and general economic factors, many of which are beyond our control. the full-service dining sector of the restaurant industry is affected by changes in international, national, regional and local economic conditions, seasonal fluctuation of sales volumes, consumer spending patterns and consumer preferences, including changes in consumer tastes and dietary habits, and the level of consumer acceptance of our restaurant brands. the performance of individual restaurants may also be adversely affected by factors such as demographic trends, severe weather including hurricanes, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants.
general economic conditions may also adversely affect our results of operations. recessionary economic cycles, a protracted economic slowdown, a worsening economy, increased unemployment, increased energy prices, rising interest rates, a downgrade of the u.s. government's long-term credit rating, the european debt crisis, or other industry-wide cost pressures could affect consumer behavior and spending for restaurant dining occasions and lead to a decline in sales and earnings. job losses, foreclosures, bankruptcies and falling home prices could cause guests to make fewer discretionary purchases, and any significant decrease in our guest traffic or average profit per transaction will negatively impact our financial performance. in addition, if gasoline, natural gas, electricity and other energy costs increase, and credit card, home mortgage and other borrowing costs increase with rising interest rates, our guests may have lower disposable income and reduce the frequency with which they dine out, may spend less on each dining out occasion, or may choose more inexpensive restaurants.
furthermore, we cannot predict the effects that actual or threatened armed conflicts, terrorist attacks, efforts to combat terrorism, heightened security requirements, or a failure to protect information systems for critical infrastructure, such as the electrical grid and telecommunications systems, could have on our operations, the economy or consumer confidence generally. any of these events could affect consumer spending patterns or result in increased costs for us due to security measures.
unfavorable changes in the above factors or in other business and economic conditions affecting our guests could increase our costs, reduce traffic in some or all of our restaurants or impose practical limits on pricing, any of which could lower our profit margins and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
disruptions in the financial and credit markets may adversely impact consumer spending patterns, affect the availability and cost of credit and increase pension plan expenses.
our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our debt and to obtain financing for acquisitions or other general corporate and commercial purposes will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors beyond our control. global credit markets and the financial services industry have been experiencing a period of unprecedented turmoil over the last few years, characterized by the bankruptcy, failure or sale of various financial institutions and an unprecedented level of intervention from the united states and other governments. these events may adversely impact the availability of credit already arranged, and the availability and cost of credit in the future. there can be no assurances that we will be able to arrange credit on terms we believe are acceptable or that permit us to finance our business with historical margins. the lack of credit, along with the macroeconomic factors previously discussed, may have an adverse impact on certain of our suppliers, landlords and other tenants in retail centers in which we are located. if these issues continue or worsen, they could further materially impact these parties, which in turn could negatively affect our financial results. any new or continuing disruptions in the financial markets may also adversely affect the u.s. and world economy, which could negatively impact consumer spending patterns. there can be no assurances as to how or when this period of turmoil will be resolved. changes in the capital markets could also have significant effects on our pension plan. our pension income or expense is affected by factors including the market performance of the assets in the master pension trust maintained for the pension plans for some of our employees, the weighted average asset allocation and long-term rate of return of our pension plan assets, the discount rate used to determine the service and interest cost components of our net periodic pension cost and assumed rates of increase in our employees' future compensation. if our pension plan assets do not achieve positive rates of return, or if our
19
estimates and assumed rates are not accurate, our earnings may decrease because net periodic pension costs would rise and we could be required to provide additional funds to cover our obligations to employees under the pension plan.
we face a variety of risks associated with doing business with franchisees, business partners and vendors in foreign markets.
our expansion into international markets could create risks to our brands and reputation. we believe that we have selected high-caliber international operating partners and franchisees with significant experience in restaurant operations, and are providing them with training and support. however, the probability of opening, ultimate success and quality of any franchise restaurant rests with the franchisee. if the franchisee does not successfully open or operate its restaurants in a manner consistent with our standards, or guests have negative experiences due to issues with food quality or operational execution, our brand values could suffer, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
there also is no assurance that international operations will be profitable or that international growth will continue. our international operations are subject to all of the same risks associated with our domestic operations, as well as a number of additional risks. these include, among other things, international economic and political conditions, foreign currency fluctuations, and differing cultures and consumer preferences.
we also are subject to governmental regulations throughout the world that impact the way we do business with our international franchisees and vendors. these include antitrust and tax requirements, anti-boycott regulations, import/export/customs regulations and other international trade regulations, the usa patriot act, the foreign corrupt practices act, and applicable local law. failure to comply with any such legal requirements could subject us to monetary liabilities and other sanctions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
failure to protect our service marks or other intellectual property could harm our business.
we regard our darden®, darden restaurants®, olive garden®, longhorn steakhouse®, the capital grille®, yard house®, bahama breeze®, seasons 52®, eddie v's prime seafood® and wildfish seafood grille® service marks, and other service marks and trademarks related to our restaurant businesses, as having significant value and being important to our marketing efforts. we rely on a combination of protections provided by contracts, copyrights, patents, trademarks, service marks and other common law rights, such as trade secret and unfair competition laws, to protect our restaurants and services from infringement. we have registered certain trademarks and service marks in the united states and foreign jurisdictions. however, we are aware of names and marks identical or similar to our service marks being used from time to time by other persons. although our policy is to oppose any such infringement, further or unknown unauthorized uses or other misappropriation of our trademarks or service marks could diminish the value of our brands and adversely affect our business. in addition, effective intellectual property protection may not be available in every country in which we have or intend to open or franchise a restaurant. although we believe we have taken appropriate measures to protect our intellectual property, there can be no assurance that these protections will be adequate, and defending or enforcing our service marks and other intellectual property could result in the expenditure of significant resources.
impairment of the carrying value of our goodwill or other intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
goodwill represents the difference between the purchase price of acquired companies and the related fair values of net assets acquired. we test goodwill for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that impairment may have occurred. we compare the carrying value of a reporting unit, including goodwill, to the fair value of the unit. carrying value is based on the assets and liabilities associated with the operations of that reporting unit. if the carrying value is less than the fair value, no impairment exists. if the carrying value is higher than the fair value, there is an indication of impairment. a significant amount of judgment is involved in determining if an indication of impairment exists. factors may include, among others: a significant decline in our expected future cash flows; a sustained, significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization; a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate; unanticipated competition; the testing for recoverability of a significant asset group within a reporting unit; and slower growth rates. any adverse change in these factors would have a significant impact on the recoverability of these assets and negatively affect our financial condition and consolidated results of operations. we compute the amount of impairment by comparing the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. we are required to record a non-cash impairment charge if the testing performed indicates that goodwill has been impaired.
we evaluate the useful lives of our other intangible assets, primarily the longhorn steakhouse®, the capital grille®, yard house® and eddie v's prime seafood® trademarks, to determine if they are definite or indefinite-lived. reaching a determination on useful life requires significant judgments and assumptions regarding the future effects of obsolescence, demand, competition, other economic factors (such as the stability of the industry, legislative action that results in an uncertain or changing regulatory environment, and expected changes in distribution channels), the level of required maintenance expenditures, and the expected lives of other related groups of assets.
20
as with goodwill, we test our indefinite-lived intangible assets (primarily trademarks) for impairment annually and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying value may not be recoverable. we estimate the fair value of the trademarks based on an income valuation model using the relief from royalty method, which requires assumptions related to projected sales from our annual long-range plan, assumed royalty rates that could be payable if we did not own the trademarks and a discount rate.
we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of assets. should the value of goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, there could be an adverse effect on our financial condition and consolidated results of operations.
failure of our internal controls over financial reporting and future changes in accounting standards may cause adverse unexpected operating results, affect our reported results of operations or otherwise harm our business and financial results.
our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting. internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that we would prevent or detect a misstatement of our financial statements or fraud. our growth and acquisition of other restaurant companies with procedures not identical to our own could place significant additional pressure on our system of internal control over financial reporting. any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. a significant financial reporting failure or material weakness in internal control over financial reporting could cause a loss of investor confidence and decline in the market price of our common stock.
a change in accounting standards can have a significant effect on our reported results and may affect our reporting of transactions before the change is effective. new pronouncements and varying interpretations of pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. changes to existing accounting rules or the questioning of current accounting practices may adversely affect our reported financial results. additionally, our assumptions, estimates and judgments related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to, revenue recognition, fair value of investments, impairment of long-lived assets, leases and related economic transactions, derivatives, pension and post-retirement benefits, intangibles, self-insurance, income taxes, property and equipment, unclaimed property laws and litigation, and stock-based compensation are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by us. changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by us could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance.
our inability or failure to recognize, respond to and effectively manage the accelerated impact of social media could materially adversely impact our business.
there has been a marked increase in the use of social media platforms and similar devices which allow individuals access to a broad audience of consumers and other interested persons.   many social media platforms immediately publish the content their subscribers and participants can post, often without filters or checks on accuracy of the content posted.   information posted on such platforms at any time may be adverse to our interests or may be inaccurate, each of which may harm our performance, prospects, or business.  the harm may be immediate without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction.  the dissemination of information online could harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations, regardless of the information's accuracy.
many of our competitors are expanding their use of social media and new social media platforms are rapidly being developed, potentially making more traditional social media platforms obsolete. as a result, we need to continuously innovate and develop our social media strategies in order to maintain broad appeal with guests and brand relevance. as part of our marketing efforts, we rely on search engine marketing and social media platforms to attract and retain guests. we have initiated a multi-year effort to implement new technology platforms that will allow us to digitally engage with our guests and employees and strengthen our marketing and analytics capabilities in this increasingly connected society. these initiatives may not be successful, resulting in expenses incurred without the benefit of higher revenues, increased employee engagement or brand recognition. in addition, a variety of risks are associated with the use of social media, including the improper disclosure of proprietary information, negative comments about us, exposure of personally identifiable information, fraud, or out-of-date information. the inappropriate use of social media vehicles by our guests or employees could increase our costs, lead to litigation or result in negative publicity that could damage our reputation.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the information set forth in the section entitled "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in our 2015 annual report to shareholders is incorporated herein by reference.
