item 1a.   risk factors.

this annual report on form 10-k contains statements that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. these statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties including the risks discussed below. the risks discussed below are not the only ones facing our business. please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in item 7 of this part 1 under the heading "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations."
risk factors related to our u.s. dialysis and related lab services, ancillary services and strategic initiatives:
if the average rates that commercial payors pay us decline significantly, it would have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
approximately 34% of our dialysis services revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 were generated from patients who have commercial payors as their primary payor. the majority of these patients have insurance policies that pay us on terms and at rates that are generally significantly higher than medicare rates. the payments we receive from commercial payors generate nearly all of our profit and all of our nonacute dialysis profits come from commercial payors. we continue to experience downward pressure on some of our commercial payment rates as a result of general conditions in the market, recent and future consolidations among commercial payors, increased focus on dialysis services and other factors. specifically, in the second quarter of 2015, two planned mergers of large commercial payors were announced. if completed, these announced mergers could put increased pressure on the dialysis rates we receive from commercial payors. there is no guarantee that commercial payment rates will not be materially lower in the future.
we are continuously in the process of negotiating our existing or potentially new agreements with commercial payors who tend to be aggressive in their negotiations with us. sometimes many significant agreements are up for renewal or being renegotiated at the same time. in the event that our continual negotiations result in overall commercial rate reductions in excess of overall commercial rate increases, the cumulative effect could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. consolidations have significantly increased the negotiating leverage of commercial payors. our negotiations with payors are also influenced by competitive pressures, and we may experience decreased contracted rates with commercial payors or experience decreases in patient volume as our negotiations with commercial payors continue. in addition to downward pressure on contracted commercial payor rates, payors have been attempting to impose restrictions and limitations on non-contracted or out-of-network providers, and in some circumstances designate our centers as out-of-network providers. rates for out-of-network providers are on average higher than rates for in-network providers. we believe commercial payors have or will begin to restructure their benefits to create disincentives for patients to select or remain with out-of-network providers and to decrease payment rates for out-of-network providers. decreases in out-of-network rates and restrictions on out-of-network access, our turning away new patients in instances where we are unable to come to agreement on rates, or decreases in contracted rates could result in a significant decrease in our overall revenues derived from commercial payors. if the average rates that commercial payors pay us decline significantly, or if we see a decline in commercial patients, it would have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. for additional details regarding specific risks we face regarding regulatory changes that could result in fewer patients covered under commercial plans or an increase of patients covered under more restrictive commercial plans with lower reimbursement rates, see the discussion of individual and small group health plans in the risk factor below under the heading "healthcare reform could substantially reduce our revenues, earnings and cash flows."
if the number of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines, then our revenues, earnings and cash flows would be substantially reduced.
our revenue levels are sensitive to the percentage of our patients with higher-paying commercial insurance coverage. a patient's insurance coverage may change for a number of reasons, including changes in the patient's or a family member's employment status. currently, for a patient covered by an employer group health plan, medicare generally becomes the primary payor after 33 months, or earlier, if the patient's employer group health plan coverage terminates. patients with commercial insurance who cannot otherwise maintain coverage frequently rely on financial assistance from charitable organizations, such as the american kidney fund. if these patients are unable to obtain or continue to receive such financial assistance, our revenues, earnings, and cash flow could be substantially reduced. when medicare becomes the primary payor, the payment rate we receive for that patient decreases from the employer group health plan rate to the lower medicare payment rate. we have seen an increase in the number of patients who have government-based programs as their primary payors which we believe is largely a result of improved mortality and recent economic conditions which have a negative impact on the percentage of patients covered under commercial insurance plans. to the extent there are sustained or increased job losses in the u.s., independent of whether general economic conditions might be improving, we could experience a continued decrease in the number of patients covered under commercial plans. we could also experience a further decrease if changes to the healthcare regulatory system result in fewer patients covered under commercial plans or an increase of patients covered under more restrictive commercial plans with lower reimbursement rates. in addition, our continuous process of negotiations with commercial payors under existing or potentially new agreements could result in a decrease in the number of patients under commercial plans to the extent that we cannot reach agreement with commercial payors on rates and
28
other terms, resulting in termination or non-renewals of existing agreements or our inability to enter into new ones. commercial payors have taken and may continue to take steps to control the cost of and/or the eligibility for access to healthcare services. these efforts could impact the number of our patients who are eligible to enroll in commercial insurance plans, and remain on the plans, including plans offered through healthcare exchanges. if there is a significant reduction in the number of patients under higher-paying commercial plans relative to government-based programs that pay at lower rates, it would have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
changes in the structure of and payment rates under the medicare esrd program could substantially reduce our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
approximately 44% of our dialysis services revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 was generated from patients who have medicare as their primary payor. for patients with medicare coverage, all esrd payments for dialysis treatments are made under a single bundled payment rate which provides a fixed payment rate to encompass all goods and services provided during the dialysis treatment, including pharmaceuticals that were historically separately reimbursed to the dialysis providers, such as epo, vitamin d analogs and iron supplements, irrespective of the level of pharmaceuticals administered or additional services performed. most lab services are also included in the bundled payment. the bundled payment rate is also adjusted for certain patient characteristics, a geographic usage index and certain other factors.
the current bundled payment system presents certain operating, clinical and financial risks, which include:
·   risk that our rates are reduced by cms. uncertainty about future payment rates remains a material risk to our business. in december 2013, cms published the 2014 final rule for the esrd pps, which phases in the payment reductions mandated by the american taxpayer relief act of 2012 as modified by the protecting access to medicare act of 2014, which will reduce our market basket inflation adjustment by 1.25% in 2016 and 2017, and 1% in 2018. in november 2014, cms published the 2015 final rule for the esrd pps, which increased payments to dialysis facilities in 2015 by 0.3% to 0.5%, although rural facilities received a decrease of 0.5%. cms also recently issued the 2016 final rule for the esrd pps, which cuts dialysis facilities' bundled payment rate for 2016 as compared to 2015 and includes adjustments for certain co-morbidities and other patient health factors and rural facilities. cms believes its 2016 final rule for the esrd pps will (i) increase overall payments to both hospital-based and freestanding dialysis facilities by approximately 0.20%, and (ii) decrease overall payments to rural dialysis facilities by approximately 0.10%.

·   risk that increases in our operating costs will outpace the medicare rate increases we receive. we expect to continue experiencing increases in operating costs that are subject to inflation, such as labor and supply costs, regardless of whether there is a compensating inflation-based increase in medicare payment rates or in payments under the bundled payment rate system.

·   risk of federal budget sequestration cuts. as a result of the bca and subsequent activity in congress, a $1.2 trillion sequester (across-the-board spending cuts) in discretionary programs took effect on march 1, 2013. in particular, a 2% reduction to medicare payments took effect on april 1, 2013, which was subsequently extended through 2014 and 2015. the bipartisan budget act of 2015 extended the bca's annual 2% reduction to medicare payments through fiscal year 2025. these across-the-board spending cuts have affected and will continue to adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows.

·   risk that, if our clinical systems fail to accurately capture the data we report to cms in connection with claims for which at least part of the government's payments to us is based on clinical performance or patient outcomes or co-morbidities, we might be over-reimbursed by the government which could subject us to certain liability. for example, we are required to return overpayments including, federal funds, within sixty days of identification or claims associated with those overpayments are subject to fca penalties.

for additional details regarding the risks we face for failing to adhere to our medicare and medicaid regulatory compliance obligations, see the risk factor below under the heading "if we fail to adhere to all of the complex government regulations that apply to our business, we could suffer severe consequences that would substantially reduce our revenues, earnings, cash flows and stock price."
healthcare reform could substantially reduce our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
we cannot predict how employers, private payors or persons buying insurance might react to the changes brought on by broad u.s. healthcare reform legislation or what form many of these regulations will take before implementation.
29
the healthcare reform legislation, enacted in 2010, introduced healthcare insurance exchanges which provide a marketplace for eligible individuals and small employers to purchase healthcare insurance. while patients have begun receiving insurance coverage through these exchanges, the business and regulatory environment for these exchanges continues to evolve as the exchanges mature. additionally, there is uncertainty about how the applicable state and federal agencies will enforce regulations relating to the exchanges. although we cannot predict the short- or long-term effects of these factors, we believe the healthcare insurance exchanges could result in a reduction in esrd patients covered by traditional commercial insurance policies and an increase in the number of patients covered through the exchanges under more restrictive commercial plans with lower reimbursement rates or higher deductibles and co-payments that patients may not be able to pay. approximately eight million individuals were enrolled in the exchanges in 2014, with that number increasing to approximately 11 million in 2015. to the extent that the ongoing implementation of such exchanges or changes in regulations or enforcement of regulations regarding the exchanges results in a reduction in reimbursement rates for our services from commercial and/or government payors, our revenues, earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected.
in addition, the healthcare reform legislation broadened the potential for penalties under the fca for the knowing and improper retention of overpayments collected from government payors and reduced the timeline to file medicare claims. as a result, we made significant initial investments in new resources to accelerate the time it takes us to identify and process overpayments and we deployed significant resources to reduce our timeline and improve our claims processing methods to ensure that our medicare claims are filed in a timely fashion. we may be required to make additional investments in the future. failure to timely identify and return overpayments may result in significant penalties, which may have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. failure to file a claim within the one year window could result in payment denials, adversely affecting our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
the healthcare reform legislation also added several new tax provisions that, among other things, impose various fees and excise taxes, and limit compensation deductions for health insurance providers and their affiliates. these rules could negatively impact our cash flow and tax liabilities. however, under the fy 2016 omnibus budget agreement, congress voted to delay certain new taxes that the health reform acts had enacted, including the excise tax on certain high-cost health plans, the medical device tax, and the tax on health insurers. these and other changes contribute to the uncertainty of the ongoing implementation and impact of the health reform acts; they also underscore the potential for additional reform going forward.
the innovation center is currently working with various healthcare providers to develop, refine and implement acos and other innovative models of care for medicare and medicaid beneficiaries. we are currently uncertain of the extent to which the long-term operation and evolution of these care models, including acos, bundled payments for care improvement initiative, cec model (which includes the development of escos), the comprehensive primary care initiative, the duals demonstration, and other models, will impact the healthcare market over time. our u.s. dialysis business may choose to participate in one or several of these models either as a partner with other providers or independently. we are currently participating in the cec model with the innovation center, including with organizations in arizona, florida, new jersey and pennsylvania. even in areas where davita is not directly participating in this or other innovation center models, some of our patients may be assigned to an aco, another esrd care model, or another program, in which case the quality and cost of care that we furnish will be included in an aco's or other programs' calculations. as new models of care emerge and evolve, we may be at risk of losing our medicare patient base, which would have a materially adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flow. other initiatives in the government or private sector may arise, including the development of models similar to acos, ipas and integrated delivery systems or evolutions of those concepts which could adversely impact our business.
cms instituted new screening procedures which we expect will delay the medicare contractor approval process, potentially causing a delay in reimbursement. we anticipate the new screening and enrollment requirements will require additional personnel and financial resources and will potentially delay the enrollment and revalidation of our centers which in turn will delay payment. these delays may negatively impact our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
other reform measures allow cms to place a moratorium on new enrollment of providers and to suspend payment to providers upon a credible allegation of fraud from any source. these types of reform measures, as well as other measures, could adversely impact our revenues, earnings and cash flows depending upon the scope and breadth of the implementing regulations.
there is also a considerable amount of uncertainty as to the prospective implementation of the federal healthcare reform legislation and what similar measures might be enacted at the state level. there have been multiple attempts through legislative action and legal challenges to repeal or amend the patient protection and affordable care act of 2010, as modified by the health reform acts, including the case that was recently heard by the u.s. supreme court, king v. burwell. although the supreme court upheld the provision by the federal government of subsidies to individuals in federally facilitated healthcare exchanges in burwell, which ultimately did not disrupt significantly the implementation of the healthcare reform legislation, we cannot predict whether other current or future efforts to repeal or amend these laws will be successful, nor can we predict the impact that such a repeal or amendment would have on our business and operations, or on our revenues and earnings. the enacted reforms as well as future legislative changes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including lowering our reimbursement rates and increasing our expenses.
30
changes in state medicaid or other non-medicare government-based programs or payment rates could reduce our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
approximately 22% of our dialysis services revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 was generated from patients who have state medicaid or other non-medicare government-based programs, such as coverage through the department of veterans affairs (va), as their primary coverage. as state governments and other governmental organizations face increasing budgetary pressure, we may in turn face reductions in payment rates, delays in the receipt of payments, limitations on enrollee eligibility or other changes to the applicable programs. for example, certain state medicaid programs and the va have recently considered, proposed or implemented payment rate reductions.
the va adopted medicare's bundled pps pricing methodology for any veterans receiving treatment from non-va providers under a national contracting initiative. since we are a non-va provider, these reimbursements are tied to a percentage of medicare reimbursement, and we have exposure to any dialysis reimbursement changes made by cms. approximately 2% of our dialysis services revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 was generated by the va.
in 2013, we entered into a five-year nationwide dialysis services contract with the va which is subject to one-year renewal periods, consistent with all provider agreements with the va under this contract. during the length of the contract, the va has elected not to make adjustments to reimbursement percentages that are tied to a percentage of medicare reimbursement rates. these agreements provide the va with the right to terminate the agreements without cause on short notice. should the va not renew or cancel these agreements for any reason, we may cease accepting patients under this program and may be forced to close centers, which could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
state medicaid programs are increasingly adopting medicare-like bundled payment systems, but sometimes these payment systems are poorly defined and are implemented without any claims processing infrastructure, or patient or facility adjusters. if these payment systems are implemented without any adjusters and claims processing changes, medicaid payments will be substantially reduced and the costs to submit such claims may increase, which will have a negative impact on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. in addition, some state medicaid program eligibility requirements mandate that citizen enrollees in such programs provide documented proof of citizenship. if our patients cannot meet these proof of citizenship documentation requirements, they may be denied coverage under these programs, resulting in decreased patient volumes and revenue. these medicaid payment and enrollment changes, along with similar changes to other non-medicare government programs could reduce the rates paid by these programs for dialysis and related services, delay the receipt of payment for services provided, and further limit eligibility for coverage which could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
changes in clinical practices, payment rates or regulations impacting epo and other pharmaceuticals could adversely affect our operating results, reduce our revenues, earnings and cash flows and negatively impact our ability to care for patients.
medicare bundles epo into the pps such that dosing variations do not change the amount paid to a dialysis facility. although some medicaid programs and other payors suggest movement towards a bundled payment system inclusive of epo, some non-medicare payors continue to pay for epo separately from the treatment rate.
additionally, evaluations on the utilization and reimbursement for esas, which have occurred in the past and may occur in the future, and related actions by the u.s. congress and federal agencies, could result in further restrictions on the utilization and reimbursement for esas. commercial payors have increasingly examined their administration policies for epo and, in some cases, have modified those policies. changes in labeling of epo and other pharmaceuticals in a manner that alters physician practice patterns or accepted clinical practices, changes in private and governmental payment criteria, including the introduction of epo administration policies could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. further increased utilization of epo for patients for whom the cost of epo is included in a bundled reimbursement rate, or further decreases in reimbursement for epo and other pharmaceuticals that are not included in a bundled reimbursement rate, could also have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
additionally, as a result of the current high level of scrutiny and controversy, we may be subject to increased inquiries or audits from a variety of governmental bodies or claims by third parties. although we believe our anemia management practices and other pharmaceutical administration practices have been compliant with existing laws and regulations, increased inquiries or audits from governmental bodies or claims by third parties would require management's attention, and could result in significant legal expense. any negative findings could result in substantial financial penalties or repayment obligations, the imposition of certain obligations on and changes to our practices and procedures as well as the attendant financial burden on us to comply with the obligations, or exclusion from future participation in the medicare and medicaid programs, and could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
31
changes in epo pricing could materially reduce our earnings and cash flows and affect our ability to care for our patients.
future increases in the cost of epo without corresponding increases in payment rates for epo from commercial payors and without corresponding increases in the medicare bundled rate could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and cash flows and ultimately reduce our income. in november 2011, we entered into a seven year sourcing and supply agreement with amgen, pursuant to which we committed to purchase epo in amounts necessary to meet no less than 90% of our requirements for esas. as long as we meet certain conditions, the agreement limits amgen's ability to unilaterally increase the price for epo during the term of the agreement. our agreement with amgen provides for discounted pricing and rebates for epo. however, some of the rebates are subject to various conditions including, but not limited to, future pricing levels of epo by amgen and data submission by us. in addition, the rebates are subject to certain limitations. we cannot predict whether, over the seven year term of the agreement, we will continue to receive the rebates for epo that we have received in the past, or whether we will continue to achieve the same levels of rebates within that structure as we have historically achieved. factors that could impact our ability to qualify for rebates provided for in our agreement with amgen in the future include, but are not limited to, our ability to track certain data elements. we cannot predict whether we will be able to meet the applicable qualification requirements for receiving rebates. failure to meet certain targets and earn the specified rebates could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and cash flows.
if we fail to comply with our corporate integrity agreement, we could be subject to substantial penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs that may adversely impact our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
in october 2014, we entered into a settlement agreement with the united states and relator david barbetta to resolve the then pending 2010 and 2011 u.s. attorney physician relationship investigations and paid $406 million in settlement amounts, civil forfeiture, and interest to the united states and certain states. in connection with the resolution of these matters, and in exchange for the oig's agreement not to exclude us from participating in the federal healthcare programs, we have entered into a five-year cia with the oig. the cia (i) requires that we maintain certain elements of our compliance programs, (ii) imposes certain expanded compliance-related requirements during the term of the cia, (iii) requires ongoing monitoring and reporting by an independent monitor, imposes certain reporting, certification, records retention and training obligations, allocates certain oversight responsibility to the board's compliance committee, necessitates the creation of a management compliance committee and the retention of an independent compliance advisor to the board, and (iv) contains certain business restrictions related to a subset of our joint venture arrangements, including our agreeing to (i) unwind 11 joint venture transactions that were created through partial divestitures to, or partial acquisitions from, nephrologists and that cover 26 of our 2,119 clinics that existed at the time we entered into the settlement agreement, all of which have been completed, (ii) not enter into certain types of partial divestiture joint venture transactions with nephrologists during the term of the cia, (iii) non-enforcement of certain patient-related non-solicitation restrictions, and (iv) certain other restrictions. the costs associated with compliance with the cia could be substantial and may be greater than we currently anticipate. in addition, in the event of a breach of the cia, we could become liable for payment of certain stipulated penalties, and could be excluded from participation in federal healthcare programs. the oig notified us that it considered us to be previously in breach of the cia because of three implementation deficiencies. while we have remediated the deficiencies and have paid certain stipulated penalties, we cannot provide any assurances that we may not be found in breach of the cia in the future. in general, the costs associated with compliance with the cia, or any liability or consequences associated with a breach, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
for our domestic dialysis business, we are required under the cia to report to the oig (i) probable violations of criminal, civil or administrative laws applicable to any federal health care program for which penalties or exclusions may be authorized under applicable laws and regulations, (ii) substantial overpayments of amounts of money we have received in excess of the amounts due and payable under the federal healthcare program requirements, and (iii) employment of or contracting with individuals ineligible from participating in the federal healthcare programs (we refer to these collectively as reportable events). we have provided the oig notice of reportable events and we may identify and report additional events in the future. if any of our operations are found to violate government laws and regulations, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings, cash flows and stock price, including those consequences described under the risk factor "if we fail to adhere to all of the complex government regulations that apply to our business, we could suffer severe consequences that would substantially reduce our revenues, earnings, cash flows and stock price."
delays in state medicare and medicaid certification of our dialysis centers could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
before we can begin billing for patients treated in our outpatient dialysis centers who are enrolled in government-based programs, we are required to obtain state and federal certification for participation in the medicare and medicaid programs. as state agencies responsible for surveying dialysis centers on behalf of the state and medicare program face increasing budgetary pressure, certain states are having difficulty keeping up with certifying dialysis centers in the normal course resulting in significant delays in certification. if state governments continue to have difficulty keeping up with certifying new centers in the normal course and we continue to experience significant delays in our ability to treat and bill for services provided to patients covered under government programs, it could cause us to incur write-offs of investments or accelerate the recognition of lease obligations in the event we have to close centers or our centers' operating performance deteriorates, and it could have an adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
32
if our joint ventures were found to violate the law, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
as of december 31, 2015, we owned a controlling interest in numerous dialysis-related joint ventures, which represented approximately 23% of our dialysis and related lab services revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015. in addition, we also owned minority equity investments in several other dialysis related joint ventures. we may continue to increase the number of our joint ventures. many of our joint ventures with physicians or physician groups also have certain physician owners providing medical director services to centers we own and operate. because our relationships with physicians are governed by the federal and state anti-kickback statutes, we have sought to structure our joint venture arrangements to satisfy as many federal safe harbor requirements as we believe are commercially reasonable. however, although our joint venture arrangements do not satisfy all of the elements of any safe harbor under the federal anti-kickback statute, they are not automatically prohibited under the federal anti-kickback statute but are susceptible to government scrutiny. in october 2014, we entered into a settlement agreement with the united states and relator david barbetta to resolve the then pending 2010 and 2011 u.s. attorney physician relationship investigations regarding certain of our joint ventures and paid $406 million in settlement amounts, civil forfeiture, and interest to the united states and certain states. for further details, please see "if we fail to comply with our cia, we could be subject to substantial penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs that may adversely impact our revenues, earnings and cash flows".
there are significant estimating risks associated with the amount of dialysis revenues and related refund liabilities that we recognize and if we are unable to accurately estimate our revenues and related refund liabilities, it could impact the timing and the amount of our revenues recognition or have a significant impact on our operating results.
there are significant estimating risks associated with the amount of dialysis and related lab services revenues and related refund liabilities that we recognize in a reporting period. the billing and collection process is complex due to ongoing insurance coverage changes, geographic coverage differences, differing interpretations of contract coverage, and other payor issues. determining applicable primary and secondary coverage for approximately 180,000 u.s. patients at any point in time, together with the changes in patient coverage that occur each month, requires complex, resource-intensive processes. errors in determining the correct coordination of benefits may result in refunds to payors. revenues associated with medicare and medicaid programs are also subject to estimating risk related to the amounts not paid by the primary government payor that will ultimately be collectible from other government programs paying secondary coverage, the patient's commercial health plan secondary coverage or the patient. collections, refunds and payor retractions typically continue to occur for up to three years and longer after services are provided. we generally expect our range of dialysis and related lab services revenues estimating risk to be within 1% of net revenues for the segment, which represents approximately 5% of dialysis and related lab services adjusted operating income. if our estimates of dialysis and related lab services revenues and related refund liabilities are materially inaccurate, it could impact the timing and the amount of our revenues recognition and have a significant impact on our operating results.
our ancillary services and strategic initiatives, including our international dialysis operations, that we invest in now or in the future may generate losses and may ultimately be unsuccessful. in the event that one or more of these activities is unsuccessful, we may have to write off our investment and incur other exit costs.
our ancillary services and strategic initiatives currently include pharmacy services, disease management services, vascular access services, esrd clinical research programs, physician services, physician practice management services, direct primary care and our international dialysis operations. we expect to add additional service offerings and pursue additional strategic initiatives in the future as circumstances warrant, which could include healthcare services not related to dialysis. many of these initiatives require or would require investments of both management and financial resources and can generate significant losses for a substantial period of time and may not become profitable. there can be no assurance that any such strategic initiative will ultimately be successful. any significant change in market conditions, or business performance, or in the political, legislative or regulatory environment, may impact the economic viability of any of these strategic initiatives. if any of our ancillary services or strategic initiatives, including our international dialysis operations, do not perform as planned, we may incur a material write-off or an impairment of our investment, including goodwill, in one or more of these activities or we could incur significant termination costs if we were to exit a certain line of business.
if a significant number of physicians were to cease referring patients to our dialysis centers, whether due to regulatory or other reasons, it would have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
we believe that physicians prefer to have their patients treated at dialysis centers where they or other members of their practice supervise the overall care provided as medical director of the center. as a result, the primary referral source for most of our centers is often the physician or physician group providing medical director services to the center.
33
our medical director contracts are for fixed periods, generally ten years, and at any given time a large number of them could be up for renewal at the same time. medical directors have no obligation to extend their agreements with us and if we are unable to enforce noncompetition provisions contained in terminated medical director agreements, our former medical directors may choose to provide medical director services for competing providers or establish their own dialysis centers in competition with ours. neither our current nor former medical directors have an obligation to refer their patients to our centers.
opportunities presented by our competitors or different affiliation models in the changing healthcare environment, such as an increase in the number of physicians becoming employed by hospitals or a perceived decrease in the quality of service levels at our centers may negatively impact a medical director's decision to enter into or extend his or her agreement with us, refer patients to our centers or otherwise negatively impact treatment volumes.
in addition, we may take actions to restructure existing relationships or take positions in negotiating extensions of relationships to assure compliance with the federal anti-kickback statute, stark law and other similar laws. if the terms of any existing agreement are found to violate applicable laws, we may not be successful in restructuring the relationship which could lead to the early termination of the agreement, or cause the physician to stop referring patients to our dialysis centers. these actions in an effort to comply with applicable laws and regulations could negatively impact the decision of physicians to extend their medical director agreements with us or to refer their patients to us. if a significant number of physicians were to cease referring patients to our dialysis centers, our revenues, earnings and cash flows would be substantially reduced.
deterioration in economic conditions and further disruptions in the financial markets could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.
deterioration in economic conditions could adversely affect our business and our profitability. among other things, the potential decline in federal and state revenues that may result from such conditions may create additional pressures to contain or reduce reimbursements for our services from medicare, medicaid and other government sponsored programs. increases in job losses in the u.s. as a result of adverse economic conditions has and may continue to result in a smaller percentage of our patients being covered by an employer group health plan and a larger percentage being covered by lower paying medicare and medicaid programs. employers may also select more restrictive commercial plans with lower reimbursement rates. to the extent that payors are negatively impacted by a decline in the economy, we may experience further pressure on commercial rates, a further slowdown in collections and a reduction in the amounts we expect to collect. in addition, uncertainty in the financial markets could adversely affect the variable interest rates payable under our credit facilities or could make it more difficult to obtain or renew such facilities or to obtain other forms of financing in the future, if at all. any or all of these factors, as well as other consequences of a deterioration in economic conditions which cannot currently be anticipated, could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.
if there are shortages of skilled clinical personnel or if we experience a higher than normal turnover rate, we may experience disruptions in our business operations and increases in operating expenses.
we are experiencing increased labor costs and difficulties in hiring nurses due to a nationwide shortage of skilled clinical personnel. we compete for nurses with hospitals and other healthcare providers. this nursing shortage may limit our ability to expand our operations. in addition, changes in certification requirements or increases in the required staffing levels for skilled clinical personnel can impact our ability to maintain sufficient staff levels to the extent our teammates are not able to meet new requirements or we experience a higher than normal turnover rate due to increased competition for qualified clinical personnel. if we are unable to hire skilled clinical personnel when needed, or if we experience a higher than normal turnover rate for our skilled clinical personnel, our operations and treatment growth will be negatively impacted, which would result in reduced revenues, earnings and cash flows.
our business is labor intensive and could be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain satisfactory relations with our employees or if union organizing activities result in significant increases in our operating costs or decreases in productivity.
our business is labor intensive, and our results are subject to variations in labor-related costs, productivity and the number of pending or potential claims against us related to labor and employment practices. if political efforts at the national and local level result in actions or proposals that increase the likelihood of union organizing activities at our facilities or if union organizing activities increase for other reasons, or if labor and employment claims, including the filing of class action suits, trend upwards, our operating costs could increase and our employee relations, productivity, earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected.
34
complications associated with our new billing and collections system could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and operating results.
we recently launched a new billing system that is critical to our billing operations. if there are defects in the new billing system, we may experience difficulties in our ability to successfully bill and collect for services rendered, including a delay in collections, a reduction in the amounts collected, increased risk of retractions from and refunds to commercial and government payors, an increase in our provision for uncollectible accounts receivable and noncompliance with reimbursement regulations. to mitigate this risk, we launched the new system in phases; however, any defects in the new billing and collection system could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, cash flows and operating results.
our ability to effectively provide the services we offer could be negatively impacted if certain of our suppliers are unable to meet our needs or if we are unable to effectively access new technology, which could substantially reduce our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
we have significant suppliers that are either the sole or primary source of products critical to the services we provide, including amgen, baxter, fmc, nxstage medical, inc. and others or to which we have committed obligations to make purchases. if any of these suppliers are unable to meet our needs for the products they supply, including in the event of a product recall or shortage, and we are not able to find adequate alternative sources, or if some of the drugs that we purchase are not reimbursed or not adequately reimbursed by commercial payors or through the bundled payment rate by medicare, our revenues, earnings and cash flows could be substantially reduced. in addition, the technology related to the products critical to the services we provide is subject to new developments and may result in superior products. if we are not able to access superior products on a cost-effective basis or if suppliers are not able to fulfill our requirements for such products, we could face patient attrition which could substantially reduce our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
risk factors related to hcp:
hcp is subject to many of the same risks to which our dialysis business is subject.
as a participant in the healthcare industry, hcp is subject to many of the same risks to which our dialysis business is subject to as described in the risk factors set forth above in this part i, item 1a, any of which could materially and adversely affect hcp's revenues, earnings or cash flows. among these risks are the following:
·   the healthcare business is heavily regulated and changes in laws, regulations, or government programs could have a material impact on hcp;

·   failure to comply with complex governmental regulations could have severe consequences to hcp, including, without limitation, exclusion from governmental payor programs like medicare and medicaid;

·   hcp could become the subject of governmental investigations, claims, and litigation;

·   hcp may be unable to continue to explore potential acquisition candidates, make acquisitions or successfully integrate such acquisitions into its business, and such acquisitions may include liabilities of which hcp was not aware; and

·   as a result of the broad scope of hcp's medical practice, hcp is exposed to medical malpractice claims, as well as claims for damages and other expenses, that may not be covered by insurance or for which adequate limits of insurance coverage may not be available.

under most of hcp's agreements with health plans, hcp assumes some or all of the risk that the cost of providing services will exceed its compensation.
over 90% of hcp's revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 is derived from fixed pmpm fees paid by health plans under capitation agreements with hcp or its associated physician groups. while there are variations specific to each arrangement, hcp, through dhpp and, in certain instances, hcp's associated physician groups generally contract with health plans to receive a pmpm fee for professional services and assume the financial responsibility for professional services only. in some cases, the health plans separately enter into capitation contracts with third parties (typically hospitals) who receive directly a pmpm fee and assume contractual financial responsibility for hospital services. in other cases, the health plan does not pay any portion of the pmpm fee to the hospital, but rather administers claims for hospital expenses itself. in both scenarios, hcp enters into managed care-related administrative services agreements or similar arrangements with those third parties (typically hospitals) under which hcp agrees to be responsible for utilization review, quality assurance, and other managed care-related administrative functions and claim payments. as compensation for such administrative services, hcp is entitled to receive a percentage of the amount by which the institutional
35
capitation revenue received from health plans exceeds institutional expenses; any such risk-share amount to which hcp is entitled is recorded as medical revenues and hcp is also responsible for a percentage of any short-fall in the event that institutional expenses exceed institutional revenues. to the extent that members require more care than is anticipated, aggregate fixed pmpm amounts, or capitation payments, may be insufficient to cover the costs associated with treatment. if medical expenses exceed estimates, except in very limited circumstances, hcp will not be able to increase the pmpm fee received under these risk agreements during their then-current terms and could, directly or indirectly through its contracts with its associated physician groups, suffer losses with respect to such agreements.
changes in hcp's or its associated physician groups' anticipated ratio of medical expense to revenue can significantly impact hcp's financial results. accordingly, the failure to adequately predict and control medical expenses and to make reasonable estimates and maintain adequate accruals for incurred but not reported claims, may have a material adverse effect on hcp's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
historically, hcp's and its associated physician groups' medical expenses as a percentage of revenue have fluctuated. factors that may cause medical expenses to exceed estimates include:
·   the health status of members;

·   higher than expected utilization of new or existing healthcare services or technologies;

·   an increase in the cost of healthcare services and supplies, including pharmaceuticals, whether as a result of inflation or otherwise;

·   changes to mandated benefits or other changes in healthcare laws, regulations, and practices;

·   periodic renegotiation of provider contracts with specialist physicians, hospitals, and ancillary providers;

·   periodic renegotiation of contracts with hcp's affiliated primary care physicians and specialists;

·   changes in the demographics of the participating members and medical trends;

·   contractual or claims disputes with providers, hospitals, or other service providers within a health plan's network;

·   the occurrence of catastrophes, major epidemics, or acts of terrorism; and

·   the reduction of health plan premiums.

risk-sharing arrangements that hcp and its associated physician groups have with health plans and hospitals could result in their costs exceeding the corresponding revenues, which could reduce or eliminate any shared risk profitability.
most of the agreements between health plans and hcp and its associated physician groups contain risk-sharing arrangements under which the physician groups can earn additional compensation from the health plans by coordinating the provision of quality, cost-effective healthcare to members. however, such arrangements may require the physician group to assume a portion of any loss sustained from these arrangements, thereby reducing hcp's net income. under these risk-sharing arrangements, hcp and its associated physician groups are responsible for a portion of the cost of hospital services or other services that are not capitated. the terms of the particular risk-sharing arrangement allocate responsibility to the respective parties when the cost of services exceeds the related revenue, which results in a deficit, or permit the parties to share in any surplus amounts when actual costs are less than the related revenue. the amount of non-capitated medical and hospital costs in any period could be affected by factors beyond the control of hcp, such as changes in treatment protocols, new technologies, longer lengths of stay by the patient, and inflation. certain of hcp's agreements with health plans stipulate that risk-sharing pool deficit amounts are carried forward to offset any future years' surplus amounts hcp would otherwise be entitled to receive. hcp accrues for any such risk-sharing deficits. to the extent that such non-capitated medical and hospital costs are higher than anticipated, revenue may not be sufficient to cover the risk-sharing deficits the health plans and hcp are responsible for, which could reduce hcp's revenues and profitability.
36
renegotiation, renewal, or termination of capitation agreements with health plans could have a significant impact on hcp's future profitability.
under most of hcp's and its associated physician groups' capitation agreements with health plans, the health plan is generally permitted to modify the benefit and risk obligations and compensation rights from time to time during the terms of the agreements. if a health plan exercises its right to amend its benefit and risk obligations and compensation rights, hcp and its associated physician groups are generally allowed a period of time to object to such amendment. if hcp or its associated physician group so objects, under some of the risk agreements, the relevant health plan may terminate the applicable agreement upon 90 to 180 days written notice. if hcp or its associated physician groups enter into capitation contracts or other risk sharing arrangements with unfavorable economic terms, or a capitation contract is amended to include unfavorable terms, hcp could, directly or indirectly through its contracts with its associated physician groups, suffer losses with respect to such contract. since hcp does not negotiate with cms or any health plan regarding the benefits to be provided under their medicare advantage plans, hcp often has just a few months to familiarize itself with each new annual package of benefits it is expected to offer. depending on the health plan at issue and the amount of revenue associated with the health plan's risk agreement, the renegotiated terms or termination may have a material adverse effect on our hcp division and the company's future revenues and profitability.
laws regulating the corporate practice of medicine could restrict the manner in which hcp is permitted to conduct its business and the failure to comply with such laws could subject hcp to penalties or require a restructuring of hcp.
some states have laws that prohibit business entities, such as hcp, from practicing medicine, employing physicians to practice medicine, exercising control over medical decisions by physicians (also known collectively as the corporate practice of medicine) or engaging in certain arrangements, such as fee-splitting, with physicians. in some states these prohibitions are expressly stated in a statute or regulation, while in other states the prohibition is a matter of judicial or regulatory interpretation. of the states in which hcp currently operates, arizona, california and nevada prohibit the corporate practice of medicine, and other states may as well.
in arizona, california and nevada, hcp operates by maintaining long-term contracts with its associated physician groups which are each owned and operated by physicians and which employ or contract with additional physicians to provide physician services. under these arrangements, hcp provides management services and, receives a management fee for providing non-medical management services; however, hcp does not represent that it offers medical services, and does not exercise influence or control over the practice of medicine by the physicians or the associated physician groups.
in addition to the above management arrangements, hcp has certain contractual rights relating to the orderly transfer of equity interests in certain of its associated arizona, california and nevada physician groups through succession agreements and other arrangements with their physician equity holders. however, such equity interests cannot be transferred to or held by hcp or by any non-professional organization. accordingly, neither hcp nor hcp's subsidiaries directly own any equity interests in any physician groups in arizona, california and nevada. in the event that any of these associated physician groups fail to comply with the management arrangement or any management arrangement is terminated and/or hcp is unable to enforce its contractual rights over the orderly transfer of equity interests in its associated physician groups, such events could have a material adverse effect on hcp's business, financial condition or results of operations.
it is possible that a state regulatory agency or a court could determine that hcp's agreements with physician equity holders of certain managed arizona, california and nevada associated physician groups as described above, either independently or coupled with the management services agreements with such associated physician groups, are in violation of the corporate practice of medicine doctrine. as a result, these arrangements could be deemed invalid, potentially resulting in a loss of revenues and an adverse effect on results of operations derived from such associated physician groups. such a determination could force a restructuring of hcp's management arrangements with associated physician groups in arizona, california and/or nevada, which might include revisions of the management services agreements, including a modification of the management fee and/or establishing an alternative structure, which would permit hcp to contract with a physician network without violating the corporate practice of medicine prohibition. there can be no assurance that such a restructuring would be feasible, or that it could be accomplished within a reasonable time frame without a material adverse effect on hcp's operations and financial results. in december 2013, dhpp obtained a restricted knox-keene license in california, which permits dhpp to contract with health plans in california to accept global risk without violating the corporate practice of medicine prohibition. however, hcp and hcp's arizona and nevada associated physician groups, as well as those physician equity holders of associated physician groups who are subject to succession agreements with hcp, could be subject to criminal or civil penalties or an injunction for practicing medicine without a license or aiding and abetting the unlicensed practice of medicine.
37
if hcp's agreements or arrangements with any physician equity holder(s) of associated physicians, physician groups, or ipas are deemed invalid under state law, including laws against the corporate practice of medicine, or federal law, or are terminated as a result of changes in state law, or if there is a change in accounting standards by the financial accounting standards board (fasb) or the interpretation thereof affecting consolidation of entities, it could impact hcp's consolidation of total revenues derived from such associated physician groups.
hcp's financial statements are consolidated in accordance with applicable accounting standards and include the accounts of its majority-owned subsidiaries and certain non-owned hcp-associated and managed physician groups. such consolidation for accounting and/or tax purposes does not, is not intended to, and should not be deemed to, imply or provide to hcp any control over the medical or clinical affairs of such physician groups. in the event of a change in accounting standards promulgated by fasb or in interpretation of its standards, or if there were an adverse determination by a regulatory agency or a court, or a change in state or federal law relating to the ability to maintain present agreements or arrangements with such physician groups, hcp may not be permitted to continue to consolidate the total revenues of such organizations. a change in accounting for consolidation with respect to hcp's present agreement or arrangements would diminish hcp's reported revenues but would not be expected to materially adversely affect its reported results of operations, while regulatory or legal rulings or changes in law interfering with hcp's ability to maintain its present agreements or arrangements could materially diminish both revenues and results of operations.
if dhpp is not able to satisfy financial solvency or other regulatory requirements, davita healthcare partners could become subject to sanctions and its license to do business in california could be limited, suspended or terminated.
knox-keene requires healthcare service plans operating in california to comply with financial solvency and other requirements overseen by the dmhc. under knox-keene, dhpp is required to, among other things:
·   maintain, at all times, a minimum tne;

·   submit periodic financial solvency reports to the dmhc containing various data regarding performance and financial solvency;

·   comply with extensive regulatory requirements; and

·   submit to periodic regulatory audits and reviews concerning davita healthcare partner plan operations and compliance with knox-keene.

in the event that davita healthcare partners plan is not in compliance with the provisions of knox-keene, it could be subject to sanctions, or limitations on, or suspension of its license to do business in california.
if hcp's associated physician group is not able to satisfy the california dmhc's financial solvency requirements, hcp's associated physician group could become subject to sanctions and hcp's ability to do business in california could be limited or terminated.
the california dmhc has instituted financial solvency regulations to monitor the financial solvency of capitated physician groups. under these regulations, hcp's associated physician group is required to, among other things:
·   maintain, at all times, a minimum cash-to-claims ratio (where cash-to-claims ratio means the organization's cash, marketable securities, and certain qualified receivables, divided by the organization's total unpaid claims liability). the regulation currently requires a cash-to-claims ratio of 0.75.

·   submit periodic reports to the california dmhc containing various data and attestations regarding performance and financial solvency, including incurred but not reported calculations and documentation, and attestations as to whether or not the organization was in compliance with knox-keene requirements related to claims payment timeliness had maintained positive tne (i.e., at least $1.00), and had maintained positive working capital (i.e., at least $1.00).

in the event that hcp's associated physician group is not in compliance with any of the above criteria, hcp's associated physician group could be subject to sanctions, or limitations on, or removal of, its ability to do business in california.
38
reductions in medicare advantage health plan reimbursement rates stemming from recent healthcare reforms and any future related regulations may negatively impact hcp's business, revenue and profitability.
a significant portion of hcp's revenue is directly or indirectly derived from the monthly premium payments paid by cms to health plans for medical services provided to medicare advantage enrollees. as a result, hcp's results of operations are, in part, dependent on government funding levels for medicare advantage programs. any changes that limit or reduce medicare advantage reimbursement levels, such as reductions in or limitations of reimbursement amounts or rates under programs, reductions in funding of programs, expansion of benefits without adequate funding, elimination of coverage for certain benefits, or elimination of coverage for certain individuals or treatments under programs, could have a material adverse effect on hcp's revenues, earnings and cash flows.
on april 6, 2015, cms issued its final rule establishing the 2016 medicare advantage benchmark payment rates announcing the model it will use to blend risk acuity scores. in 2016, cms will fully implement the 2014 cms-hierarchical condition categories (cms-hcc) model and will not blend the risk scores calculated using the 2013 cms-hcc model. based upon our preliminary analysis of the final rule, we estimate that the reduction in 2016 rates, including adjustments for the new affordable care act (aca) blended benchmark county rates and qualifying bonuses, will lead to a reduction in medicare advantage rates to hcp of approximately 2%, or a net impact of approximately $50 million to our 2016 operating income. this compares to an industry average rate increase of approximately 1.25% as indicated by cms in its final rule regarding the 2016 rates. the final impact of 2016 medicare advantage rates can vary from this estimate and will be impacted by the relative growth of hcp's medicare advantage patient volumes across markets as well as by the benefit plan designs submitted. it is possible that we underestimated the impact of the 2016 medicare advantage rates on our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operation or cash flows.
this more significant decline in medicare advantage rates for us compared to the industry average is driven by a larger-than-average decline associated with cms's modification to the risk adjustment model calculation. the move to the 2014 cms-hcc model negatively affects us and other providers like us who have differentially invested in wellness and prevention programs for patients with chronic conditions, because the 2014 model tends to over-predict costs for very low-cost beneficiaries and under-predict costs for very high-cost beneficiaries.
in addition, we took impairment charges against the goodwill of certain of our hcp reporting units in the fourth quarter of 2015 related to underperformance of the business in recent quarters, as well as changes in other market conditions, including government reimbursement cuts and our expected ability to mitigate them. we may also need to take additional goodwill impairment charges against earnings in a future period, depending on the impact of this decrease in rates on the value of our hcp reporting units. a goodwill impairment occurs when the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill is in excess of its implied fair value, and the amount of such non-cash charge, if any, could be significant. in estimating the fair value of our hcp reporting units, we will update our forecasts for each hcp reporting unit to reflect the expected future cash flows that we believe market participants would use in determining the fair values of our hcp reporting units if they were to acquire these reporting units. we will also use certain estimates and key assumptions in determining our estimate of these fair values, including discount and long-term growth rates, market data and future reimbursement rates. our estimates of the fair value of our hcp reporting units could differ from the actual fair values a market participant would pay for these reporting units.
hcp's medicare advantage revenues may continue to be volatile in the future, which could have a material impact on hcp's ongoing financial performance.
the health reform acts contain a number of provisions that negatively impact medicare advantage plans, which may each have an adverse effect on hcp's revenues, earnings, and cash flows. these provisions include the following:
·   medicare advantage benchmarks for 2011 were frozen at 2010 levels. beginning in 2012, medicare advantage benchmark rates are being phased down from prior levels to levels that are between 95% and 115% of the medicare ffs costs, depending on a plan's geographic area. if our costs escalate faster than can be absorbed by the level of revenues implied by these benchmark rates, then it could have a significant negative impact on hcp's earnings and cash flows.

·   rebates received by medicare advantage plans that underbid based on payment benchmarks will be reduced, with larger reductions for plans failing to receive certain quality ratings.

·   the secretary of hhs has been granted the explicit authority to deny medicare advantage plan bids that propose significant increases in cost sharing or decreases in benefits. if the bids submitted by plans contracted with hcp are denied, this would have a significant negative impact on hcp's revenues, earnings and cash flows.

39
·   medicare advantage plans with medical loss ratios below 85% are required to pay a rebate to the secretary of hhs. the rebate amount is the total revenue under the contract year multiplied by the difference between 85% and the plan's actual medical loss ratio. the secretary of hhs will halt enrollment in any plan failing to meet this ratio for three consecutive years, and terminate any plan failing to meet the ratio for five consecutive years. if an hcp-contracting medicare advantage plan experiences a limitation on enrollment or is otherwise terminated from the medicare advantage program, hcp may suffer materially adverse consequences to its business or financial condition.

·   prescription drug plans are now required to cover all drugs on a list developed by the secretary of hhs, which could increase the cost of providing care to medicare advantage enrollees, and thereby reduce hcp's revenues and earnings. the medicare part d premium subsidy for high-income beneficiaries has been reduced by 25%, which could lower the number of medicare advantage enrollees, which would have a negative impact on hcp's revenues, earnings and cash flows.

·   cms increased coding intensity adjustments for medicare advantage plans beginning in 2014 and continuing through 2018, which reduces cms payments to medicare advantage plans, which in turn will likely reduce the amounts payable to hcp and its associated physicians, physician groups, and ipas under its capitation agreements.

the president's 2016 budget proposed nearly $500 billion in cuts to medicare, medicaid and other programs run by hhs over the next decade. although the majority of the cuts were not targeted at medicare advantage plans, the broad cuts could signal further downward pressure on reimbursement to medicare providers and medicare advantage plans, which would have a negative impact on hcp's revenues, earnings and cash flows. future budget cuts could impact hcp's revenues.
there is uncertainty regarding both medicare advantage payment rates and beneficiary enrollment, which, if reduced as a result of the implementation of the health reform acts, would reduce hcp's overall revenues and net income. for example, although the cbo predicted in 2012 that medicare advantage participation would drop precipitously by 2020, in 2013 the cbo reversed its prediction and instead predicted that enrollment in medicare advantage could increase by up to 50% in the next decade. although medicare advantage enrollment increased by approximately 5.6 million, or by 50 percent, between the enactment of the aca in 2010 and 2015, there can be no assurance that this trend will continue. further, fluctuation in medicare advantage payment rates were evidenced by cms's announcement in its final 2015 call letter that medicare advantage rates would rise an average of 0.4% in 2015, instead of falling 1.9% as it had predicted in february 2014. on april 6, 2015, cms announced its medicare advantage rates for 2016. see above for further details. uncertainty over medicare advantage enrollment and payment rates present a continuing risk to hcp's business.
medicare advantage enrollment continues to be highly concentrated among a few medicare advantage plans, both nationally and in local markets. in approximately 15 states, more than half of all enrollees are in plans offered by one company - an indicator that those markets may lack competition. consolidation among medicare advantage plans, or the medicare programs failure to attract additional plans to participate in the medicare advantage program, could have a negative impact of hcp's revenues, earnings, and/or cash flows.
hcp's operations are dependent on competing health plans and, at times, a health plan's and hcp's economic interests may diverge.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, 61% of hcp's consolidated capitated medical revenues were earned through contracts with three health plans.
hcp expects that, going forward, substantially all of its revenue will continue to be derived from its contracts with health plans. each health plan may immediately terminate any of hcp's contracts and/or any individual credentialed physician upon the occurrence of certain events. they may also amend the material terms of the contracts under certain circumstances. failure to maintain the contracts on favorable terms, for any reason, would materially and adversely affect hcp's results of operations and financial condition. a material decline in the number of members could also have a material adverse effect on hcp's results of operations.
notwithstanding each health plan's and hcp's current shared interest in providing service to hcp's members who are enrolled in the subject health plans, the health plans may have different and, at times, opposing economic interests from those of hcp. the health plans provide a wide range of health insurance services across a wide range of geographic regions, utilizing a vast network of providers. as a result, they and hcp may have different views regarding the proper pricing of services and/or the proper pricing of the various service providers in their provider networks, the cost of which hcp bears to the extent that the services of such service providers are utilized. these health plans may also have different views than hcp regarding the efforts and expenditures that they, hcp, and/or other service providers should make to achieve and/or maintain various quality ratings. in addition, several health plans have acquired or announced their intent to acquire provider organizations. if health plans with which hcp contracts acquire a significant number of provider organizations, they may not continue to contract with hcp or contract on less favorable terms or seek
40
to prevent hcp from acquiring or entering into arrangements with certain providers. similarly, as a result of changes in laws, regulations, consumer preferences, or other factors, the health plans may find it in their best interest to provide health insurance services pursuant to another payment or reimbursement structure. in the event hcp's interests diverge from the interests of the health plans, hcp may have limited recourse or alternative options in light of its dependence on these health plans. there can be no assurances that hcp will continue to find it mutually beneficial to work with these health plans. as a result of various restrictive provisions that appear in some of the managed care agreements with health plans, hcp may at times have limitations on its ability to cancel an agreement with a particular health plan and immediately thereafter contract with a competing health plan with respect to the same service area.
hcp and its associated physicians, physician groups and ipas and other physicians may be required to continue providing services following termination or renegotiation of certain agreements with health plans.
there are circumstances under federal and state law pursuant to which hcp and its associated physician groups, ipas, and other physicians could be obligated to continue to provide medical services to hcp members in their care following a termination of their applicable risk agreement with health plans and termination of the receipt of payments thereunder. in certain cases, this obligation could require the physician group or ipa to provide care to such member following the bankruptcy or insolvency of a health plan. accordingly, the obligations to provide medical services to hcp members (and the associated costs) may not terminate at the time the applicable agreement with the health plan terminates, and hcp may not be able to recover its cost of providing those services from the health plan, which could have a material adverse effect on hcp's financial condition, results of operations, and/or cash flows.
hcp operates primarily in arizona, california, florida, nevada, new mexico and colorado and may not be able to successfully establish a presence in new geographic regions.
hcp derives substantially all of its revenue from operations in arizona, california, florida, nevada, new mexico and colorado (hereinafter referred to as the existing geographic regions). as a result, hcp's exposure to many of the risks described herein is not mitigated by a greater diversification of geographic focus. furthermore, due to the concentration of hcp's operations in the existing geographic regions, it may be adversely affected by economic conditions, natural disasters (such as earthquakes or hurricanes), or acts of war or terrorism that disproportionately affect the existing geographic regions as compared to other states and geographic markets.
to expand the operations of its network outside of the existing geographic regions, hcp must devote resources to identifying and exploring such perceived opportunities. thereafter, hcp must, among other things, recruit and retain qualified personnel, develop new offices, establish potentially new relationships with one or more health plans, and establish new relationships with physicians and other healthcare providers. the ability to establish such new relationships may be significantly inhibited by competition for such relationships and personnel in the healthcare marketplace in the targeted new geographic regions. additionally, hcp may face the risk that a substantial portion of the patients served in a new geographic area may be enrolled in a medicare ffs program and will not desire to transition to a medicare advantage program, such as those offered through the health plans that hcp serves, or they may enroll with other health plans with whom hcp does not contract to receive services, which could reduce substantially hcp's perceived opportunity in such geographic area. in addition, if hcp were to seek to expand outside of the existing geographic regions, hcp would be required to comply with laws and regulations of states that may differ from the ones in which it currently operates, and could face competitors with greater knowledge of such local markets. hcp anticipates that any geographic expansion may require it to make a substantial investment of management time, capital, and/or other resources. there can be no assurance that hcp will be able to establish profitable operations or relationships in any new geographic markets.
reductions in the quality ratings of the health plans hcp serves could have an adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flow.
as a result of the health reform acts, hcp anticipates that the level of reimbursement each health plan receives from cms will be dependent, in part, upon the quality rating of the medicare plan that such health plan serves. such ratings are expected to impact the percentage of any cost savings rebate and any bonuses earned by such health plan. since a significant portion of hcp's revenue is expected to be calculated as a percentage of cms reimbursements received by these health plans with respect to hcp members, reductions in the quality ratings of a health plan that hcp serves could have an adverse effect on its results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows. in addition, cms has announced its intention to terminate any plan that has a rating of less than three stars for three consecutive years. medicare advantage plans with five stars are permitted to conduct enrollment throughout the year and enrollees in plans with 4.5 or fewer stars are permitted to change plans during the year. given each health plan's control of its plans and the many other providers that serve such plans, hcp believes that it will have limited ability to influence the overall quality rating of any such plan. accordingly, since low quality ratings can potentially lead to the termination of a plan that hcp serves, hcp may not be able to prevent the potential termination of a contracting plan or a shift of patients to other plans based upon quality issues which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on hcp's results of operations, financial condition, and/or cash flows.
41
hcp's records and submissions to a health plan may contain inaccurate or unsupportable information regarding risk adjustment scores of members, which could cause hcp to overstate or understate its revenue and subject it to various penalties.
hcp, on behalf of itself and its associated physicians, physician groups and ipas, submits to health plans claims and encounter data that support the risk adjustment factor (raf) scores attributable to members. these raf scores determine, in part, the revenue to which the health plans and, in turn, hcp is entitled for the provision of medical care to such members. the data submitted to cms by each health plan is based, in part, on medical charts and diagnosis codes prepared and submitted by hcp. each health plan generally relies on hcp and its employed or affiliated physicians to appropriately document and support such raf data in hcp's medical records. each health plan also relies on hcp and its employed or affiliated physicians to appropriately code claims for medical services provided to members. erroneous claims and erroneous encounter records and submissions could result in inaccurate pmpm fee revenue and risk adjustment payments, which may be subject to correction or retroactive adjustment in later periods. this corrected or adjusted information may be reflected in financial statements for periods subsequent to the period in which the revenue was recorded. hcp might also need to refund a portion of the revenue that it received, which refund, depending on its magnitude, could damage its relationship with the applicable health plan and could have a material adverse effect on hcp's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. we have identified a potentially improper historical hcp coding practice related to a particular condition, which was discontinued following our acquisition of hcp. we have notified cms and we intend to cooperate with government authorities to address this issue. we are continuing to review other hcp coding practices.
additionally, cms audits medicare advantage plans for documentation to support raf-related payments for members chosen at random. the medicare advantage plans ask providers to submit the underlying documentation for members that they serve. it is possible that claims associated with members with higher raf scores could be subject to more scrutiny in a cms or plan audit. there is a possibility that a medicare advantage plan may seek repayment from hcp should cms make any payment adjustments to the medicare advantage plan as a result of its audits. the plans also may hold hcp liable for any penalties owed to cms for inaccurate or unsupportable raf scores provided by hcp. in addition, hcp could be liable for penalties to the government.
cms has indicated that payment adjustments will not be limited to raf scores for the specific medicare advantage enrollees for which errors are found but may also be extrapolated to the entire medicare advantage plan subject to a particular cms contract. cms has described its audit process as plan-year specific and stated that it will not extrapolate audit results for plan years prior to 2011. because cms has not stated otherwise, there is a risk that payment adjustments made as a result of one plan year's audit would be extrapolated to prior plan years after 2011.
there can be no assurance that a health plan will not be randomly selected or targeted for review by cms or that the outcome of such a review will not result in a material adjustment in hcp's revenue and profitability, even if the information hcp submitted to the plan is accurate and supportable.
separately, as described in further detail below, on march 13, 2015, jsa healthcare corporation (jsa), a subsidiary of hcp, received a subpoena from the oig that relates, in part, to risk adjustment practices and data. on june 18, 2015, we received a subpoena from the oig requesting information relating to our and our subsidiaries', including hcp and its subsidiary jsa's, provision of services to medicare advantage plans and related patient diagnosis coding and risk adjustment submissions and payments.
a failure to accurately estimate incurred but not reported medical expense could adversely affect hcp's profitability.
patient care costs include estimates of future medical claims that have been incurred by the patient but for which the provider has not yet billed hcp. these claim estimates are made utilizing actuarial methods and are continually evaluated and adjusted by management, based upon hcp's historical claims experience and other factors, including an independent assessment by a nationally recognized actuarial firm. adjustments, if necessary, are made to medical claims expense and capitated revenues when the assumptions used to determine hcp's claims liability changes and when actual claim costs are ultimately determined.
due to the inherent uncertainties associated with the factors used in these estimates and changes in the patterns and rates of medical utilization, materially different amounts could be reported in hcp's financial statements for a particular period under different conditions or using different, but still reasonable, assumptions. it is possible that hcp's estimates of this type of claim may be inadequate in the future. in such event, hcp's results of operations could be adversely impacted. further, the inability to estimate these claims accurately may also affect hcp's ability to take timely corrective actions, further exacerbating the extent of any adverse effect on hcp's results.
42
hcp faces certain competitive threats which could reduce hcp's profitability and increase competition for patients.
hcp faces certain competitive threats based on certain features of the medicare programs, including the following:
·   as a result of the direct and indirect impacts of the health reform acts, many medicare beneficiaries may decide that an original medicare ffs program is more attractive than a medicare advantage plan. as a result, enrollment in the health plans hcp serves may decrease.

·   managed care companies offer alternative products such as regional preferred provider organizations (ppos) and private ffs plans. medicare ppos and private ffs plans allow their patients more flexibility in selecting physicians than medicare advantage health plans, which typically require patients to coordinate care with a primary care physician. the medicare prescription drug, improvement, and modernization act of 2003 has encouraged the creation of regional ppos through various incentives, including certain risk corridors, or cost reimbursement provisions, a stabilization fund for incentive payments, and special payments to hospitals not otherwise contracted with a medicare advantage plan that treat regional plan enrollees. the formation of regional medicare ppos and private ffs plans may affect hcp's relative attractiveness to existing and potential medicare patients in their service areas.

·   the payments for the local and regional medicare advantage plans are based on a competitive bidding process that may indirectly cause a decrease in the amount of the pmpm fee or result in an increase in benefits offered.

·   the annual enrollment process and subsequent lock-in provisions of the health reform acts may adversely affect hcp's level of revenue growth as it will limit the ability of a health plan to market to and enroll new medicare beneficiaries in its established service areas outside of the annual enrollment period.

·   cms allows medicare beneficiaries who are enrolled in a medicare advantage plan with a quality rating of 4.5 stars or less to enroll in a 5-star rated medicare advantage plan at any time during the benefit year. therefore, hcp may face a competitive disadvantage in recruiting and retaining medicare beneficiaries.

in addition to the competitive threats intrinsic to the medicare programs, competition among health plans and among healthcare providers may also have a negative impact on hcp's profitability. for example, due to the large population of medicare beneficiaries, hcp's existing geographic regions have become increasingly attractive to health plans that may compete with hcp. hcp may not be able to continue to compete profitably in the healthcare industry if additional competitors enter the same market. if hcp cannot compete profitably, the ability of hcp to compete with other service providers that contract with competing health plans may be substantially impaired.
hcp competes directly with various regional and local companies that provide similar services in hcp's existing geographic regions. hcp's competitors vary in size and scope and in terms of products and services offered. hcp believes that some of its competitors and potential competitors may be significantly larger than hcp and have greater financial, sales, marketing, and other resources. furthermore, it is hcp's belief that some of its competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves.
a disruption in hcp's healthcare provider networks could have an adverse effect on hcp's operations and profitability.
in any particular service area, healthcare providers or provider networks could refuse to contract with hcp, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher healthcare costs, disruption of benefits to hcp's members, or difficulty in meeting applicable regulatory or accreditation requirements. in some service areas, healthcare providers or provider networks may have significant market positions. if healthcare providers or provider networks refuse to contract with hcp, use their market position to negotiate favorable contracts, or place hcp at a competitive disadvantage, then hcp's ability to market or to be profitable in those service areas could be adversely affected. hcp's provider networks could also be disrupted by the financial insolvency of a large provider group. any disruption in hcp's provider networks could result in a loss of members or higher healthcare costs.
hcp's revenues and profits could be diminished if hcp fails to retain and attract the services of key primary care physicians.
key primary care physicians with large patient enrollment could retire, become disabled, terminate their provider contracts, get lured away by a competing independent physician association or medical group, or otherwise become unable or unwilling to continue practicing medicine or contracting with hcp or its associated physicians, physician groups, or ipas. in addition, hcp's associated physicians, physician groups and ipas could view the business model as unfavorable or unattractive to such providers, which could cause such associated physicians, physician groups or ipas to terminate their relationships with hcp. moreover, given limitations relating to the enforcement of post-termination noncompetition covenants in california, it would be difficult to restrict a primary care physician from competing with hcp's associated physicians, physician groups, or ipas. as a result, members who have been served
43
by such physicians could choose to enroll with competitors' physician organizations or could seek medical care elsewhere, which could reduce hcp's revenues and profits. moreover, hcp may not be able to attract new physicians to replace the services of terminating physicians or to service its growing membership.
participation in accountable care organization programs is new and subject to federal regulation, supervision, and evolving regulatory developments and may result in financial liability.
the health reform acts established medicare shared savings programs (mssp) for acos, which took effect in january 2012. under the mssp, eligible organizations are accountable for the quality, cost and overall care of medicare beneficiaries assigned to an aco and may be eligible to share in any savings below a specified benchmark amount. the secretary of hhs is also authorized, but not required, to use capitation payment models with acos. hcp has formed an mssp aco through a subsidiary, which operates in california, florida, and nevada and is evaluating whether to participate in more acos in the future. the continued development and expansion of acos will have an uncertain impact on hcp's revenue and profitability. we also are participating as a dialysis provider in arizona, florida, new jersey, and pennsylvania for the innovation center's cec model.
the aco programs are relatively new and therefore operational and regulatory guidance is limited. it is possible that the operations of hcp's subsidiary aco may not fully comply with current or future regulations and guidelines applicable to acos, may not achieve quality targets or cost savings, or may not attract or retain sufficient physicians or patients to allow hcp to meet its objectives. additionally, poor performance could put the hcp aco at financial risk with a potential obligation to cms. traditionally, other than ffs billing by the medical clinics and healthcare facilities operated by hcp, hcp has not directly contracted with cms and has not operated any health plans or provider sponsored networks. therefore, hcp may not have the necessary experience, systems, or compliance to successfully achieve a positive return on its investment in the aco or to avoid financial or regulatory liability. hcp believes that its historical experience with fully delegated managed care will be applicable to operation of its subsidiary aco, but there can be no such assurance.
california hospitals may terminate their agreements with hcpamg or reduce the fees they pay to hcp.
in california, hcpamg maintains significant hospital arrangements designed to facilitate the provision of coordinated hospital care with those services provided to members by hcpamg and its associated physicians, physician groups, and ipas. through contractual arrangements with certain key hospitals, hcpamg provides utilization review, quality assurance, and other management services related to the provision of patient care services to members by the contracted hospitals and downstream hospital contractors. in the event that any one of these key hospital agreements is amended in a financially unfavorable manner or is otherwise terminated, such events could have a material adverse effect on hcp's financial condition, and results of operations.
hcp's professional liability and other insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover hcp's potential liabilities.
hcp maintains primary professional liability insurance and other insurance coverage through california medical group insurance company, risk retention group, an arizona corporation in which hcp is the majority owner, and through excess coverage contracted through third-party insurers. hcp believes such insurance is adequate based on its review of what it believes to be all applicable factors, including industry standards. nonetheless, potential liabilities may not be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or may be unable to meet their obligations, the amount of insurance coverage and/or related reserves may be inadequate, or the amount of any hcp self-insured retention may be substantial. there can be no assurances that hcp will be able to obtain insurance coverage in the future, or that insurance will continue to be available on a cost-effective basis, if at all. moreover, even if claims brought against hcp are unsuccessful or without merit, hcp would have to defend itself against such claims. the defense of any such actions may be time-consuming and costly and may distract hcp management's attention. as a result, hcp may incur significant expenses and may be unable to effectively operate its business.
changes in the rates or methods of third-party reimbursements may adversely affect hcp operations.
any negative changes in governmental capitation or ffs rates or methods of reimbursement for the services hcp provides could have a significant adverse impact on hcp's revenue and financial results. since governmental healthcare programs generally reimburse on a fee schedule basis rather than on a charge-related basis, hcp generally cannot increase its revenues from these programs by increasing the amount it charges for its services. moreover, if hcp's costs increase, hcp may not be able to recover its increased costs from these programs. government and private payors have taken and may continue to take steps to control the cost, eligibility for, use, and delivery of healthcare services due to budgetary constraints, and cost containment pressures as well as other financial issues. hcp believes that these trends in cost containment will continue. these cost containment measures, and other market changes in non-governmental insurance plans have generally restricted hcp's ability to recover, or shift to non-governmental payors, any increased costs that hcp experiences. hcp's business and financial operations may be materially affected by these cost containment measures, and other market changes.
44
hcp's business model depends on numerous complex management information systems and any failure to successfully maintain these systems or implement new systems could materially harm hcp's operations and result in potential violations of healthcare laws and regulations.
hcp depends on a complex, specialized, and integrated management information system and standardized procedures for operational and financial information, as well as for hcp's billing operations. hcp may experience unanticipated delays, complications, or expenses in implementing, integrating, and operating these integrated systems. moreover, hcp may be unable to enhance its existing management information system or implement new management information systems where necessary. hcp's management information system may require modifications, improvements, or replacements that may require both substantial expenditures as well as interruptions in operations. hcp's ability to implement and operate its integrated systems is subject to the availability of information technology and skilled personnel to assist hcp in creating and maintaining these systems.
hcp's failure to successfully implement and maintain all of its systems could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, and results of operations. for example, hcp's failure to successfully operate its billing systems could lead to potential violations of healthcare laws and regulations. if hcp is unable to handle its claims volume, or if hcp is unable to pay claims timely, hcp may become subject to a health plan's corrective action plan or de-delegation until the problem is corrected, and/or termination of the health plan's agreement with hcp. this could have a material adverse effect on hcp's operations and profitability. in addition, if hcp's claims processing system is unable to process claims accurately, the data hcp uses for its incurred but not reported (ibnr) estimates could be incomplete and hcp's ability to accurately estimate claims liabilities and establish adequate reserves could be adversely affected. finally, if hcp's management information systems are unable to function in compliance with applicable state or federal rules and regulations, including, without limitation, medical information confidentiality laws such as hipaa, possible penalties and fines due to this lack of compliance could have a material adverse effect on hcp's financial condition, and results of operations.
hcp may be impacted by eligibility changes to government and private insurance programs.
due to potential decreased availability of healthcare through private employers, the number of patients who are uninsured or participate in governmental programs may increase. the health reform acts have increased the participation of individuals in the medicaid program in states that elected to participate in the expanded medicaid coverage. a shift in payor mix from managed care and other private payors to government payors as well as an increase in the number of uninsured patients may result in a reduction in the rates of reimbursement to hcp or an increase in uncollectible receivables or uncompensated care, with a corresponding decrease in net revenue. changes in the eligibility requirements for governmental programs such as the medicaid program under the health reform acts and state decisions on whether to participate in the expansion of such programs also could increase the number of patients who participate in such programs and the number of uninsured patients. even for those patients who remain in private insurance plans, changes to those plans could increase patient financial responsibility, resulting in a greater risk of uncollectible receivables. these factors and events could have a material adverse effect on hcp's business, financial condition, and results of operations.
negative publicity regarding the managed healthcare industry generally or hcp in particular could adversely affect hcp's results of operations or business.
negative publicity regarding the managed healthcare industry generally, the medicare advantage program or hcp in particular, may result in increased regulation and legislative review of industry practices that further increase hcp's costs of doing business and adversely affect hcp's results of operations or business by:
·   requiring hcp to change its products and services;

·   increasing the regulatory, including compliance, burdens under which hcp operates, which, in turn, may negatively impact the manner in which hcp provides services and increase hcp's costs of providing services;

·   adversely affecting hcp's ability to market its products or services through the imposition of further regulatory restrictions regarding the manner in which plans and providers market to medicare advantage enrollees; or

·   adversely affecting hcp's ability to attract and retain members.

45
risk factors related to our overall business and ownership of our common stock:
if we fail to adhere to all of the complex government regulations that apply to our business, we could suffer severe consequences that would substantially reduce our revenues, earnings, cash flows and stock price.
our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local government regulations, including medicare and medicaid payment rules and regulations, federal and state anti-kickback laws, the stark law and analogous state self-referral prohibition statutes, federal acquisition regulations, the fca and federal and state laws regarding the collection, use and disclosure of patient health information and the storage, handling and administration of pharmaceuticals. the medicare and medicaid reimbursement rules related to claims submission, enrollment and licensing requirements, cost reporting, and payment processes impose complex and extensive requirements upon dialysis providers as well. a violation or departure from any of these legal requirements may result in government audits, lower reimbursements, significant fines and penalties, the potential loss of certification, recoupment efforts or voluntary repayments.
we endeavor to comply with all legal requirements, however, there is no guarantee that we will be able to adhere to all of the complex government regulations that apply to our business. we further endeavor to structure all of our relationships with physicians to comply with state and federal anti-kickback and physician self-referral laws. we utilize considerable resources to monitor the laws and implement necessary changes. however, the laws and regulations in these areas are complex and often subject to varying interpretations. for example, if an enforcement agency were to challenge the level of compensation that we pay our medical directors or the number of medical directors whom we engage, we could be required to change our practices, face criminal or civil penalties, pay substantial fines or otherwise experience a material adverse effect as a result of a challenge to these arrangements. in addition, the fca amended the social security act to make the knowing failure to report and return overpayments within 60 days of when the overpayment was identified an obligation for purposes of the fca, 31 u.s.c. § 3729(b)(3). these amendments could subject our procedures for identifying and processing overpayments to greater scrutiny. we have made significant investments in new resources to decrease the time it takes to identify and process overpayments and we may be required to make additional investments in the future. an acceleration in our ability to identify and process overpayments could result in us refunding overpayments to government and other payors more rapidly than we have in the past which could have a material adverse effect on our operating cash flows. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded an estimated accrual of $22 million for potential damages and liabilities associated with write-offs and discounts of patient co-payment obligations, and credits to payors for returns of prescriptions drugs related to our pharmacy business that were identified during the course of an internally-initiated compliance review. we have disclosed the results of this ongoing review to the government. we may accrue additional reserves for refunds and related damages and potential liabilities arising out of this review. additionally, amendments to the federal anti-kickback statute in the health reform law make claims tainted by anti-kickback violations potentially subject to liability under the fca, including qui tam or whistleblower suits. we are subject to a cia which, for our domestic dialysis business, requires us to report probable violations of criminal, civil or administrative laws applicable to any federal health care program for which penalties or exclusions may be authorized under applicable healthcare laws and regulations. see "if we fail to comply with our corporate integrity agreement, we could be subject to substantial penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs that may adversely impact our revenues, earnings and cash flows."
the penalties for a violation of the fca range from $5,500 to $11,000 (adjusted for inflation) for each false claim plus three times the amount of damages caused by each such claim which generally means the amount received directly or indirectly from the government. given the high volume of claims processed by our various operating units, the potential is high for substantial penalties in connection with any alleged fca violations. the federal government has used the fca to prosecute a wide variety of alleged false claims and fraud allegedly perpetrated against medicare and state healthcare programs, including coding errors, billing for services not rendered, the submission of false cost reports, billing for services at a higher payment rate than appropriate, billing under a comprehensive code as well as under one or more component codes included in the comprehensive code and billing for care that is not considered medically necessary. in addition to the provisions of the fca, which provide for civil enforcement, the federal government can use several criminal statutes to prosecute persons who are alleged to have submitted false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. the civil investigative demand (cid) received by our wholly owned pharmacy services subsidiary, davita rx, llc, specifically references that it is in connection with an fca investigation concerning allegations that this subsidiary presented or caused to be presented false claims for payment to the government. see the risk factor that immediately follows below for further details.
46
if any of our operations are found to violate these or other government regulations, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings, cash flows and stock price, including:
·   suspension or termination of our participation in government payment programs;

·   refunds of amounts received in violation of law or applicable payment program requirements;

·   loss of required government certifications or exclusion from government payment programs;

·   loss of licenses required to operate healthcare facilities or administer pharmaceuticals in some of the states in which we operate;

·   reductions in payment rates or coverage for dialysis and ancillary services and related pharmaceuticals;

·   criminal or civil liability, fines, damages or monetary penalties for violations of healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the federal anti-kickback statute, stark law violations, fca, or other failures to meet regulatory requirements;

·   enforcement actions by governmental agencies and/or state claims for monetary damages by patients who believe their phi has been used, disclosed or not properly safeguarded in violation of federal or state patient privacy laws, including but not limited to hipaa or the privacy act of 1974;

·   mandated changes to our practices or procedures that significantly increase operating expenses;

·   imposition of and compliance with corporate integrity agreements that could subject us to ongoing audits and reporting requirements as well as increased scrutiny of our billing and business practices which could lead to potential fines;

·   termination of relationships with medical directors; and

·   harm to our reputation which could impact our business relationships, affect our ability to obtain financing and decrease access to new business opportunities.

we are the subject of a number of investigations by the federal government and a private civil suit, any of which could result in substantial penalties or awards against us, the imposition of certain obligations on our practices and procedures, exclusion from future participation in the medicare, medicaid and other federal healthcare programs and possible criminal penalties.
we are the subject of a number of investigations by the federal government. we have received subpoenas or other requests for documents from the federal government in connection with the swoben private civil suit, the 2011 u.s. attorney medicaid investigation, the 2015 u.s. attorney transportation investigation, the investigations underlying the two subpoenas regarding patient diagnosis coding received by hcp and its jsa subsidiary, the 2015 doj vascular access investigation, and the 2016 u.s. attorney prescription drug investigation described below.
in the swoben private civil suit, a relator filed a complaint against us in federal court under the fca qui tam provisions, as well as the provision of the california false claims act. in july 2013, the court granted hcp's motion and dismissed with prejudice all of the claims in the third amended complaint, and in october 2013 the plaintiff filed an appeal of the dismissal, which is currently pending.
additionally, in march 2015, jsa, a subsidiary of hcp, received a subpoena from the oig. we have been advised by an attorney with the civil division of the doj in washington, d.c. that the subpoena relates to an ongoing civil investigation concerning medicare advantage service providers' risk adjustment practices and data, including identification and verification of patient diagnoses and factors used in making the diagnoses. the subpoena requests documents and information for the period from january 1, 2008 through december 31, 2013, for certain medicare advantage plans for which jsa provided services. it also requests information regarding jsa's communications about patient diagnoses as they relate to certain medicare advantage plans generally, and more specifically as related to two florida physicians with whom jsa previously contracted.
in june 2015, we received a subpoena from the oig. this civil subpoena covers the period from january 1, 2008 through the present and seeks production of a wide range of documents relating to our and our subsidiaries' (including healthcare partners and its subsidiary jsa healthcare corporation) provision of services to medicare advantage plans and related patient diagnosis coding and risk adjustment submissions and payments. some of the information requested relates to a potentially improper historical hcp coding practice related to a particular condition. the practice in question was discontinued following our november 1, 2012 acquisition of hcp and, as we previously disclosed, we notified cms of the coding practice and potential overpayments. in connection with the
47
hcp merger, we have certain indemnification rights against the sellers secured by escrow for any and all liabilities incurred. we can make no assurances that the indemnification and escrow would cover the full amount of our potential losses related to this matter. we are cooperating with the government and will gather and produce the requested information.
in november 2015, we announced that rms lifeline, inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of ours that operates under the name lifeline vascular access (lifeline), received a cid from the doj. the cid relates to two vascular access centers in florida that are part of lifeline's vascular access business. the cid covers the period from january 1, 2008 through the present. we acquired these two centers in december 2012. based on the language of the cid, the doj appears to be looking at whether the angiograms of ten patients performed at the two centers were medically unnecessary and therefore whether related claims filed with federal healthcare programs possibly violated the fca. lifeline does not perform dialysis services but instead provides vascular access management services for dialysis patients. we are in the process of producing the requested documents to the doj.
in early february 2016, we announced that our pharmacy services wholly owned subsidiary, davita rx, received a cid from the u.s. attorney's office for the northern district of texas. based on the language of the cid, it appears the government is conducting an fca investigation concerning allegations that davita rx presented or caused to be presented false claims for payment to the government for prescription medications. the cid covers the period from january 1, 2006 through the present. in the spring of 2015, we initiated an internal compliance review of davita rx during which we identified potential billing and operational issues. we notified the government in september 2015 that we were conducting this review of davita rx and began providing regular updates of our review. in the fourth quarter of 2015, we recorded an estimated accrual of $22 million for potential damages and liabilities associated with write-offs and discounts of patient co-payment obligations, and credits to payors for returns of prescriptions drugs, related to davita rx that were identified during the course of this internal compliance review. we may accrue additional reserves for refunds and related damages and potential liabilities arising out of this review. upon completion of our review, we filed a self-disclosure with the oig in early february 2016 and we have been working to address and update the practices we identified in the self-disclosure, some of which overlaps with information requested by the u.s. attorney's office. we do not know if the u.s. attorney's office, which is part of the doj, knew when it served the cid on us that we were already in the process of developing a self-disclosure to the oig. the oig informed us in late february that our submission was not accepted.  they indicated that the oig is not expressing an opinion regarding the conduct disclosed or our legal positions. we intend to cooperate with the government in this matter.
responding to subpoenas, investigations and civil suits as well as defending ourselves in such matters will continue to require management's attention and we will continue to incur significant legal expense. any negative findings or certain terms and conditions that we might agree to accept as part of a negotiated resolution could result in substantial financial penalties or awards against or substantial payments made by us, the imposition of certain obligations on our practices and procedures, exclusion from future participation in the medicare and medicaid programs and, in certain cases, criminal penalties. it is possible that criminal proceedings may be initiated against us in connection with investigations by the federal government. to our knowledge, no proceedings have been initiated by the federal government against us at this time. at this time, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these inquiries, or the potential outcome of the claims in the relators' civil suit (except as described above), or the potential range of damages, if any. see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements of this report for additional details regarding these and other matters.
disruptions in federal government operations and funding create uncertainty in our industry and could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows and otherwise adversely affect our financial condition.
a substantial portion of our revenues is dependent on federal healthcare program reimbursement, and any disruptions in federal government operations could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. if the u.s. government defaults on its debt, there could be broad macroeconomic effects that could raise our cost of borrowing funds, and delay or prevent our future growth and expansion. any future federal government shutdown, u.s. government default on its debt and/or failure of the u.s. government to enact annual appropriations could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flows. additionally, disruptions in federal government operations may negatively impact regulatory approvals and guidance that are important to our operations, and create uncertainty about the pace of upcoming healthcare regulatory developments.
changes in cms diagnosis and inpatient procedure coding require us to make modifications to processes and information systems, which could result in significant development costs and which if unsuccessful could adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
cms has mandated the use of new patient codes for reporting medical diagnosis and inpatient procedures, referred to as icd-10, which requires all providers, payors, clearinghouses, and billing services to utilize icd-10 when submitting claims for payment. icd-10 will affect diagnosis and inpatient procedure coding for everyone covered by hipaa, not just those who submit medicare or medicaid claims. claims for services provided on or after october 1, 2015 must use icd-10 for medical diagnosis and inpatient procedures or they will not be paid. if our services, processes or information systems or those of our payors do not comply with icd-
48
10 requirements at any future date, it could potentially delay or even reduce reimbursement payments to us. these delays or reductions could negatively impact our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
federal and state privacy and information security laws are complex, and if we fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, or if we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our proprietary rights to our systems, or defend against cybersecurity attacks, we may be subject to government or private actions due to privacy and security breaches, and our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
we must comply with numerous federal and state laws and regulations governing the collection, dissemination, access, use, security and privacy of phi, including hipaa and its implementing privacy and security regulations, as amended by the federal hitech act and collectively referred to as hipaa. if we fail to comply with applicable privacy and security laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information, including phi, on our behalf, properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our proprietary rights to our systems, or defend against cybersecurity attacks, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial position and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including foreign state agents. our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks.
we are continuously implementing multiple layers of security measures through technology, processes, and our people. we utilize current security technologies and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. despite these efforts, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to privacy and security incidents; security attacks and breaches; acts of vandalism or theft; computer viruses; coordinated attacks by activist entities; emerging cybersecurity risks; misplaced or lost data; programming and/or human errors; or other similar events. emerging and advanced security threats, including coordinated attacks, require additional layers of security which may disrupt or impact efficiency of operations.
any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, including phi, financial data, competitively sensitive information, or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations. the occurrence of any of these events could result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data, cessations in the availability of systems or liability under privacy and security laws, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations and harm our business reputation. if we are unable to protect the physical and electronic security and privacy of our databases and transactions, we could be subject to potential liability and regulatory action, our reputation and relationships with our patients and vendors would be harmed, and our business, operations, and financial results may be materially adversely affected. failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems (including our networks) and data, or to defend against cybersecurity attacks, could subject us to monetary fines, civil suits, civil penalties or criminal sanctions and requirements to disclose the breach publicly, and may further result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position, and cash flows.
there have been increased federal and state hipaa privacy and security enforcement efforts and we expect this trend to continue. under hitech, state attorneys general have the right to prosecute hipaa violations committed against residents of their states. several such actions have already been brought against both covered entities and a business associate, and continued enforcement actions are likely to occur in the future. in addition, hitech mandates that the secretary of hhs conduct periodic compliance audits of hipaa covered entities and business associates. it also tasks hhs with establishing a methodology whereby individuals who are harmed by hipaa violations may receive a percentage of the civil monetary penalty fine or monetary settlement paid by the violator.
in addition to hipaa, numerous other state and federal laws govern the collection, dissemination, use, access to and confidentiality of individually identifiable health information. in addition, some states are considering new laws and regulations that further protect the confidentiality, privacy or security of medical records or other types of medical or personal information. these laws may be similar to or even more stringent than the federal provisions and are not preempted by hipaa. not only may some of these state laws impose fines and penalties upon violators, but some afford private rights of action to individuals who believe their personal information has been misused.
49
we may engage in acquisitions, mergers or dispositions, which may affect our results of operations, debt-to-capital ratio, capital expenditures or other aspects of our business, and if businesses we acquire have liabilities we are not aware of, we could suffer severe consequences that would materially and adversely affect our business.
our business strategy includes growth through acquisitions of dialysis centers and other businesses. we may engage in acquisitions, mergers, dispositions or new business models, which may affect our results of operations, debt-to-capital ratio, capital expenditures, or other aspects of our business. there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition targets or merger partners or that, if identified, we will be able to acquire these targets on acceptable terms or agree to terms with merger partners. there can also be no assurance that we will be successful in completing any acquisitions, mergers or dispositions that we announce, executing new business models or integrating any acquired business into our overall operations. there is no guarantee that we will be able to operate acquired businesses successfully as stand-alone businesses, or that any such acquired business will operate profitably or will not otherwise adversely impact our results of operations. further, we cannot be certain that key talented individuals at the business being acquired will continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they will be able to continue to successfully manage or have adequate resources to successfully operate any acquired business.
businesses we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities or liabilities that are in excess of the amounts that we originally estimated, and may have other issues, including those related to internal controls over financial reporting or issues that could affect our ability to comply with healthcare laws and regulations and other laws applicable to our expanded business. as a result, we cannot make any assurances that the acquisitions we consummate will be successful. although we generally seek indemnification from the sellers of businesses we acquire for matters that are not properly disclosed to us, we are not always successful. in addition, even in cases where we are able to obtain indemnification, we may discover liabilities greater than the contractual limits, the amounts held in escrow for our benefit (if any), or the financial resources of the indemnifying party. in the event that we are responsible for liabilities substantially in excess of any amounts recovered through rights to indemnification or alternative remedies that might be available to us, or any applicable insurance, we could suffer severe consequences that would substantially reduce our earnings and cash flows or otherwise materially and adversely affect our business.
if we are not able to continue to make acquisitions, or maintain an acceptable level of non-acquired growth, or if we face significant patient attrition to our competitors or a reduction in the number of our medical directors or associated physicians, it could adversely affect our business.
acquisitions, patient retention and medical director and physician retention are an important part of our growth strategy. we face intense competition from other companies for acquisition targets. in our u.s. dialysis business, we continue to face increased competition from large and medium-sized providers which compete directly with us for acquisition targets as well as for individual patients and medical directors. in addition, as we continue our international dialysis expansion into various international markets, we will face competition from large and medium-sized providers for these acquisition targets as well. because of the ease of entry into the dialysis business and the ability of physicians to be medical directors for their own centers, competition for growth in existing and expanding markets is not limited to large competitors with substantial financial resources. occasionally, we have experienced competition from former medical directors or referring physicians who have opened their own dialysis centers. in addition, fmc, our largest competitor, manufactures a full line of dialysis supplies and equipment in addition to owning and operating dialysis centers. this may give it cost advantages over us because of its ability to manufacture its own products. if we are not able to continue to make acquisitions, continue to maintain acceptable levels of non-acquired growth, or if we face significant patient attrition to our competitors or a reduction in the number of our medical directors or associated physicians, it could adversely affect our business.
hcp operates in a different line of business from our historical business, and we face challenges managing hcp as a new business and may not realize anticipated benefits.
as a result of the hcp transaction, we are now significantly engaged in a new line of business. we may not have the expertise, experience, and resources to pursue all of our businesses at once, and we may be unable to successfully operate all businesses in the combined company. the administration of hcp will require implementation of appropriate operations, management, and financial reporting systems and controls. we experience difficulties in effectively implementing these and other systems. the management of hcp requires and will continue to require the focused attention of our management team, including a significant commitment of its time and resources. the need for management to focus on these matters could have a material and adverse impact on our revenues and operating results. if the hcp operations are less profitable than we currently anticipate or we do not have the experience, the appropriate expertise, or the resources to pursue all businesses in the combined company, the results of operations and financial condition may be materially and adversely affected.
50
if we fail to successfully maintain an effective internal control over financial reporting, the integrity of our financial reporting could be compromised which could result in a material adverse effect on our reported financial results.
the integration of hcp into our internal control over financial reporting has required and will continue to require significant time and resources from our management and other personnel and will increase our compliance costs. failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on our ability to accurately report our financial results and the market's perception of our business and our stock price.
the market price of our common stock may be affected by factors different from those affecting the shares of our common stock prior to consummation of the hcp transaction.
our historical business differs substantially from that of hcp. accordingly, the results of operations of the combined company and the market price of our common stock may be affected by factors different from those that previously affected the independent results of operations of each of the company and hcp.
expansion of our operations to and offering our services in markets outside of the u.s. subjects us to political, economical, legal, operational and other risks that could adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows.
we are continuing an expansion of our operations by offering our services outside of the u.s., which increases our exposure to the inherent risks of doing business in international markets. depending on the market, these risks include, without limitation, those relating to:
·   changes in the local economic environment;

·   political instability, armed conflicts or terrorism;

·   social changes;

·   intellectual property legal protections and remedies;

·   trade regulations;

·   procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, reimbursement and marketing of products and services;

·   foreign currency;

·   repatriating or moving to other countries cash generated or held abroad, including considerations relating to tax-efficiencies and changes in tax laws;

·   export controls;

·   lack of reliable legal systems which may affect our ability to enforce contractual rights;

·   changes in local laws or regulations;

·   potentially longer ramp-up times for starting up new operations and for payment and collection cycles;

·   financial and operational, and information technology systems integration; and

·   failure to comply with u.s. or local laws that prohibit us or our intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business.

additionally, some factors that will be critical to the success of our international business and operations will be different than those affecting our domestic business and operations. for example, conducting international operations requires us to devote significant management resources to implement our controls and systems in new markets, to comply with local laws and regulations and to overcome the numerous new challenges inherent in managing international operations, including those based on differing languages, cultures and regulatory environments, and those related to the timely hiring, integration and retention of a sufficient number of skilled personnel to carry out operations in an environment with which we are not familiar.
we anticipate expanding our international operations through acquisitions of varying sizes or through organic growth, which could increase these risks. additionally, though we might invest material amounts of capital and incur significant costs in connection
51
with the growth and development of our international operations, there is no assurance that we will be able to operate them profitably anytime soon, if at all. as a result, we would expect these costs to be dilutive to our earnings over the next several years as we start-up or acquire new operations.
these risks could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the level of our current and future debt could have an adverse impact on our business and our ability to generate cash to service our indebtedness depends on many factors beyond our control.
we have substantial debt outstanding, we incurred a substantial amount of additional debt in connection with the hcp transaction and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to you, for example, it could:
·   make it difficult for us to make payments on our debt securities;

·   increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

·   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and investments and other general corporate purposes;

·   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we operate;

·   expose us to interest rate volatility that could adversely affect our earnings and cash flow and our ability to service our indebtedness;

·   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and

·   limit our ability to borrow additional funds.

in addition, we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. the terms of the indentures governing our senior notes and the agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities will allow us to incur substantial additional debt. if new debt is added to current debt levels, the related risks described above could intensify.
our ability to make payments on our indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures and expansion efforts, including any strategic acquisitions we may make in the future, will depend on our ability to generate cash. this, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.
we cannot provide assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future or that future borrowings will be available to us in an amount sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to fund other liquidity needs. if we are unable to generate sufficient funds to service our outstanding indebtedness, we may be required to refinance, restructure, or otherwise amend some or all of such obligations, sell assets, or raise additional cash through the sale of our equity. we cannot make any assurances that we would be able to obtain such refinancing on terms as favorable as our existing financing terms or that such restructuring activities, sales of assets, or issuances of equity can be accomplished or, if accomplished, would raise sufficient funds to meet these obligations.
the borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities are guaranteed by a substantial portion of our direct and indirect wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries and are secured by a substantial portion of davita healthcare partners inc.'s and its subsidiaries' assets.
we may be subject to liability claims for damages and other expenses not covered by insurance that could reduce our earnings and cash flows.
our operations and how we manage the company may subject the company, as well as its officers and directors to whom the company owes certain defense and indemnity obligations, to litigation and liability for damages. our business, profitability and growth prospects could suffer if we face negative publicity or we pay damages or defense costs in connection with a claim that is outside the scope or limits of coverage of any applicable insurance coverage, including claims related to adverse patient events, contractual disputes, professional and general liability, and directors' and officers' duties. in addition, we have received several notices of claims from commercial payors and other third parties, as well as subpoenas and cids from the federal government, related to our historical billing practices and the historical billing practices of the centers acquired from gambro healthcare and other matters related to their settlement agreement with the doj. although the ultimate outcome of these claims cannot be predicted, an adverse
52
result with respect to one or more of these claims could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. we currently maintain insurance coverage for those risks we deem are appropriate to insure against and make determinations about whether to self-insure as to other risks or layers of coverage. however, a successful claim, including a professional liability, malpractice or negligence claim which is in excess of any applicable insurance coverage, or that is subject to our self-insurance retentions, could have a material adverse effect on our earnings and cash flows.
in addition, if our costs of insurance and claims increase, then our earnings could decline. market rates for insurance premiums and deductibles have been steadily increasing. our earnings and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by any of the following:
·   the collapse or insolvency of our insurance carriers;

·   further increases in premiums and deductibles;

·   increases in the number of liability claims against us or the cost of settling or trying cases related to those claims; or

·   an inability to obtain one or more types of insurance on acceptable terms, if at all.

provisions in our charter documents, compensation programs and delaware law may deter a change of control that our stockholders would otherwise determine to be in their best interests.
our charter documents include provisions that may deter hostile takeovers, delay or prevent changes of control or changes in our management, or limit the ability of our stockholders to approve transactions that they may otherwise determine to be in their best interests. these include provisions prohibiting our stockholders from acting by written consent; requiring 90 days advance notice of stockholder proposals or nominations to our board of directors; and granting our board of directors the authority to issue preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences of the preferred stock without the need for further stockholder approval.
most of our outstanding employee stock-based compensation awards include a provision accelerating the vesting of the awards in the event of a change of control. we also maintain a change of control protection program for our employees who do not have a significant number of stock awards, which has been in place since 2001, and which provides for cash bonuses to the employees in the event of a change of control. based on the market price of our common stock and shares outstanding on december 31, 2015, these cash bonuses would total approximately $577 million if a change of control transaction occurred at that price and our board of directors did not modify this program. these change of control provisions may affect the price an acquirer would be willing to pay for our company.
we are also subject to section 203 of the delaware general corporation law that, subject to exceptions, would prohibit us from engaging in any business combinations with any interested stockholder, as defined in that section, for a period of three years following the date on which that stockholder became an interested stockholder.
these provisions may discourage, delay or prevent an acquisition of our company at a price that our stockholders may find attractive. these provisions could also make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions and could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.

forward-looking statements this annual report on form 10-k, including this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, contains statements that are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. all statements that do not concern historical facts are forward-looking statements and include, among other things, statements about our expectations, beliefs, intentions and/or strategies for the future. these forward-looking statements include statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, expectations for treatment growth rates, revenue per treatment, expense growth, levels of the provision for uncollectible accounts receivable, operating income, cash flow, operating cash flow, estimated tax rates, capital expenditures, the development of new dialysis centers and dialysis center acquisitions, government and commercial payment rates, revenue estimating risk and the impact of our level of indebtedness on our financial performance and including earnings per share. these statements involve substantial known and unknown risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements, including but not limited to, risks resulting from the concentration of profits generated by higher-paying commercial payor plans for which there is continued downward pressure on average realized payment rates, and a reduction in the number of patients under such plans, which may result in the loss of revenues or patients, a reduction in government payment rates under the medicare esrd program or other government-based programs, the impact of the cms 2015 medicare advantage benchmark structure, risks arising from potential federal and/or state legislation that could have an adverse effect on our operations and profitability, changes in pharmaceutical or anemia management practice patterns, payment policies, or pharmaceutical pricing, legal compliance risks, including our continued compliance with complex government regulations including compliance with the provisions of our current cia and current or potential investigations by various government entities and related government or private-party proceedings, and the related restrictions on our business and operations required by the cia and other settlement terms, and the financial impact thereof, continued increased competition from large- and medium-sized dialysis providers that compete directly with us, our ability to maintain contracts with physician medical directors, changing affiliation models for physicians, and the emergence of new models of care introduced by the government or private sector that may erode our patient base and reimbursement rates such as acos, ipas and integrated delivery systems, or to businesses outside of dialysis and hcp's business, our ability to complete acquisitions, mergers or dispositions that we might be considering or announce, or to integrate and successfully operate any business we may acquire or have acquired, including hcp, or to expand our operations and services to markets outside the u.s., the variability of our cash flows, the risk that we might invest material amounts of capital and incur significant costs in connection with the growth and development of our international operations, yet we might not be able to operate them profitably anytime soon, if at all, risks arising from the use of accounting estimates, judgments and interpretations in our financial statements, risk of losing key hcp employees, potential disruption from the hcp transaction making it more difficult to maintain business and operational relationships with customers, partners, associated physicians and physician groups, hospitals and others, the risk that laws regulating the corporate practice of medicine could restrict the manner in which hcp conducts its business, the risk that the cost of providing services under hcp's agreements may exceed our compensation, the risk that reductions in reimbursement rates, including medicare advantage rates, and future regulations may negatively impact hcp's business, revenue and profitability, the risk that hcp may not be able to successfully establish a presence in new geographic regions or successfully address competitive threats that could reduce its profitability, the risk that a disruption in hcp's healthcare provider networks could have an adverse effect on hcp's business operations and profitability, the risk that reductions in the quality ratings of health maintenance organization plan customers of hcp could have an adverse effect on hcp's business, or the risk that health plans that acquire health maintenance organizations may not be willing to contract with hcp or may be willing to contract only on less favorable terms, and the other risk factors set forth in part ii, item 1a. of this annual report on form 10-k. we base our forward-looking statements on information currently available to us at the time of this annual report on form 10-k, and except as required by law we undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of changes in underlying factors, new information, future events or otherwise.
61
the following should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and "item 1. business".
company overview the company consists of two major divisions, kidney care and hcp. kidney care is comprised of our u.s. dialysis and related lab services, our ancillary services and strategic initiatives, including our international operations, and our corporate administrative support. our u.s. dialysis and related lab services business is our largest line of business, which is a leading provider of kidney dialysis services in the u.s. for patients suffering from chronic kidney failure, also known as esrd. our hcp division is a patient- and physician-focused integrated healthcare delivery and management company with over two decades of providing coordinated, outcomes-based medical care in a cost-effective manner.
our overall financial performance was once again strong for 2015, excluding certain non-gaap items, and was characterized by solid treatment volume growth, primarily from non-acquired growth at existing and new dialysis centers, cost control initiatives, and productivity and payor mix improvements in our dialysis business, and solid growth in hcp's adjusted operating income. however, hcp continued to experience a reduction in medicare advantage reimbursement rates in 2015, which negatively impacted its operations. in addition, our dialysis segment experienced a large increase in our pharmaceutical costs.
some of our major accomplishments and financial operating performance indicators in 2015 and year over year were as follows:
·   improved clinical outcomes in our u.s. dialysis operations, including second year in a row as leader of the cms five star rating system;

·   consolidated net revenue growth of approximately 7.7%;

·   a 5.2% net revenue growth related to our u.s. dialysis segment operations related to an increase of $6 per treatment;

·   an increase in hcp's net revenue of approximately 9.6% related to an increase of its ffs business and senior capitated revenue;

·   an increase in other ancillary services and strategic initiatives net revenue of 21.3%;

·   continued growth in u.s. dialysis treatments related to an increase of approximately 4.1% in the overall number of u.s. dialysis related treatments;

·   normalized non-acquired u.s. dialysis treatment growth of 3.9%;

·   added a net total of 72 u.s. dialysis centers and added a net total of 27 international dialysis centers; and

·   strong operating cash flows of $1.557 billion, which have been reduced by approximately $304 million of after-tax payments made in connection with the settlement of the vainer private civil suit.

however, we face uncertainty and various challenges in 2016 as we undertake initiatives to mitigate increases in clinical costs that we expect to experience due to inflation and other factors without any corresponding increase in our dialysis medicare reimbursement rates. in addition, congress could still make significant changes to medicare and medicaid under the healthcare reform legislation that was enacted in the u.s. and there is uncertainty around the potential negative impact of healthcare insurance exchanges. we could also experience delays in state certification and other regulatory issues. hcp also faces uncertainty in medicare advantage reimbursement rates as the government continues to modify adjustments to the rates. additionally, there is the potential for non-renewal of payor contracts for hcp, which could cause significant patient and employer disruption. physician practices of prescribing pharmaceuticals and pharmaceutical costs could also have a significant impact on our operating results. we also remain committed to our international expansion plans that will continue to require investment. in addition, if the percentage of our dialysis patients with commercial payors deteriorates or if we experience a decrease in our overall commercial rates, our operating results could be adversely affected.
62
following is a summary of consolidated operating results for reference in the discussion that follows.
year ended december 31,

2015                                  2014                                   2013
(dollar amounts rounded to nearest million)
net revenues:
patient service revenues                                          $9,481                                 $8,869                                 $8,307
less: provision for uncollectible accounts                          (428   )                               (367   )                               (293   )
net patient service revenues                                       9,053                                  8,502                                  8,014
capitated revenues                                                 3,509                                  3,261                                  2,987
other revenues                                                     1,220                                  1,032                                    763
total net consolidated revenues                                  $13,782             100   %            $12,795             100   %            $11,764             100   %
operating expenses and charges:
patient care costs                                                $9,825              71   %             $9,119              71   %             $8,198              70   %
general and administrative                                         1,452              11   %              1,262              10   %              1,177              10   %
depreciation and amortization                                        638               5   %                591               5   %                529               4   %
provision for uncollectible accounts                                   9               -                     14               -                      5               -
equity investment income                                             (18   )           -                    (23   )           -                    (35   )           -
settlement charge                                                    495               4   %                  -               -                      -               -
goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges               210               2   %                  -               -                      -               -
loss contingency accruals                                              -               -                     17               -                    397               3   %
contingent earn-out obligation adjustment                              -               -                      -               -                    (57   )           -
total operating expenses and charges                              12,611              92   %             10,980              86   %             10,214              87   %
operating income                                                  $1,171               8   %             $1,815              14   %             $1,550              13   %
the following table summarizes consolidated net revenues:
year ended december 31,

2015                       2014                          2013
(dollar amounts rounded to nearest million)
net revenues:
dialysis and related lab services patient service revenues                          $9,034                        $8,551                        $8,033
less: provision for uncollectible accounts                                            (406      )                   (353      )                   (281   )
dialysis and related lab services net patient service revenues                       8,628                         8,198                         7,752
other revenues                                                                          14                            13                            12
total net dialysis and related lab services revenues                                 8,642                         8,211                         7,764
hcp capitated revenues                                                               3,437                         3,191                         2,920
hcp net patient service revenues (less provision for uncollectible                     318                           219                           220
accounts of $15, $13 and $12, respectively)
other revenue                                                                           82                            92                            56
total net hcp revenues                                                               3,837                         3,502                         3,196
other-ancillary services and strategic initiatives revenues                          1,150                           947                           709
other-capitated revenues                                                                72                            70                            67
other-ancillary services and strategic initiatives net patient service                 160                           122                            76
revenues (less provision for uncollectible accounts)
total net other-ancillary services and strategic initiatives revenues                1,382                         1,139                           852
total net segment revenues                                                          13,861                        12,852                        11,812
elimination of intersegment revenues                                                   (79      )                    (57      )                    (48   )
consolidated net revenues                                                          $13,782                       $12,795                       $11,764
63
the following table summarizes consolidated operating income and adjusted consolidated operating income:
year ended december 31,

2015                      2014                         2013
(dollar amounts rounded to nearest million)
dialysis and related lab services                                                   $1,260                       $1,638                       $1,200
hcp services                                                                            34                          215                          385
other - ancillary services and strategic initiatives loss                             (104      )                   (25      )                   (39   )
total segment operating income                                                       1,190                        1,828                        1,546
reconciling corporate items:
contingent earn-out obligations                                                          -                            -                           57
corporate administrative support                                                       (19      )                   (13      )                   (45   )
adjustment to reduce a tax asset associated with hcp acquisition escrow                  -                            -                           (8   )
provisions consolidated operating income                                                        1,171                        1,815                        1,550
reconciliation of non-gaap measure:
add:
goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges                                 210                            -                            -
pharmacy accrual                                                                        22
settlement charge                                                                      495                            -                            -
loss contingency accruals                                                                -                           17                          397
contingent earn-out obligation adjustment                                                -                            -                          (57   )
adjustment to reduce a tax asset associated with hcp acquisition                         -                            -                            8
escrow provisions adjusted consolidated operating income(1)                                           $1,898                       $1,832                       $1,898
(1)   for the year ended december 31, 2015, we have excluded estimated non-cash goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges of $210 million primarily related to certain hcp reporting units, an estimated accrual of $22 million for damages and liabilities associated with our pharmacy business, which is included in general and administrative expenses, and $495 million related to a settlement charge in connection with the vainer private civil suit. in addition, for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, we have excluded $17 million and $397 million, respectively, related to loss contingency accruals for the settlement of the 2010 and 2011 u.s. attorney physician relationship investigations. in 2013, we have also excluded $57 million related to a decrease in hcp's 2013 contingent earn-out obligation and an adjustment of $8 million to reduce a tax asset associated with the hcp acquisition escrow provisions. these are non-gaap measures and are not intended as substitutes for the gaap equivalent measures. we have presented these adjusted amounts because management believes that these presentations enhance a user's understanding of our normal consolidated operating income by excluding certain unusual items which we do not believe are indicative of our ordinary results of operations. as a result, adjusting for these amounts allows for comparison to our normal prior period results.

consolidated net revenues consolidated net revenues for 2015 increased by approximately $987 million, or 7.7%, from 2014. this increase in consolidated net revenues was due to an increase in dialysis and related lab services net revenues of approximately $431 million, principally due to solid volume growth from additional treatments from non-acquired growth and from an increase of $6 in the average dialysis revenue per treatment, primarily from an increase in our average commercial payment rates and improvement in our commercial payor mix. consolidated net revenues also increased by $335 million as a result of hcp's growth from acquisitions and timing of the recognition of additional medicaid risk sharing revenue, as described below. in addition, revenue increased by approximately $243 million in our ancillary services and strategic initiatives driven primarily from growth in our pharmacy services and our disease management services, as well as expansion in our international operations. these increases were partially offset by an increase in reserves for refunds of prior period pharmacy reimbursements.
64
consolidated net revenues for 2014 increased by approximately $1.031 billion, or 8.8%, from 2013. this increase in consolidated net revenues was due to an increase in dialysis and related lab services net revenues of approximately $447 million, principally due to strong volume growth from additional treatments from non-acquired growth and dialysis center acquisitions and from an increase of $2 in the average dialysis revenue per treatment, primarily from the recognition of certain california medicaid revenue that was previously reserved and an increase in some of our commercial payment rates, partially offset by changes in our commercial payor mix. consolidated net revenues also increased by $306 million as a result of an increase in hcp's senior capitated members and growth from acquisitions. in addition, revenue increased by approximately $287 million in our ancillary services and strategic initiatives driven primarily from growth in our pharmacy services, our international operations and our disease management services.
consolidated operating income consolidated operating income of $1.171 billion for 2015 decreased by approximately $644 million from 2014, which includes estimated goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges of approximately $210 million, an estimated pharmacy accrual of $22 million and a private litigation settlement charge of $495 million in 2015 and a $17 million loss contingency accrual in 2014. excluding these items from their respective periods, adjusted consolidated operating income for 2015 would have increased by $66 million, or 3.6%. adjusted consolidated operating income increased primarily as a result of strong volume growth from additional treatments from non-acquired growth in the dialysis and related lab services business, as well as an increase in our average dialysis revenue per treatment of approximately $6, as discussed above. adjusted consolidated operating income also increased due to improved results at hcp, excluding the impairment charges, due to growth from acquisitions and an increase in medicaid risk sharing revenue. these increases were negatively impacted by an increase in the amount of losses in our ancillary services and strategic initiatives and increased losses in our international operations, as discussed below. in addition, we experienced higher pharmaceutical unit costs, an increase in long-term incentive compensation, an increase in hcp's medical claims expenses from higher utilization, and an increase in our dialysis provision for uncollectible accounts of approximately $53 million.
consolidated operating income of $1.815 billion for 2014 increased by approximately $265 million, or 17.1% from 2013, which includes the estimated loss contingency reserve of $17 million and $397 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. in addition, 2013 includes a contingent earn-out obligation adjustment of $57 million and an adjustment to reduce a tax asset associated with the hcp acquisition escrow provisions of $8 million. excluding these items from their respective periods, adjusted consolidated operating income would have decreased by $66 million, or 3.5%, primarily as a result of a decrease in hcp's operating income of approximately $170 million, principally driven by a decline in medicare advantage rates. adjusted consolidated operating income for 2014 also decreased as a result of higher pharmaceutical unit costs, an increase in long-term incentive compensation, an increase in hcp's medical claims expenses from higher utilization and an increase in our dialysis provision for uncollectible accounts of approximately $72 million. adjusted consolidated operating income was positively impacted by an increase in the dialysis and related lab services net revenues as a result of strong volume growth from additional treatments due to non-acquired growth and acquisitions. in addition, our average dialysis revenue per treatment increased by approximately $2. adjusted consolidated income also benefited from improved productivity, lower losses associated with our ancillary services and strategic initiatives and growth in hcp's senior capitated members.
u.s. dialysis and related lab services business our u.s. dialysis and related lab services business is a leading provider of kidney dialysis services through a network of 2,251 outpatient dialysis centers in 46 states and the district of columbia, serving a total of approximately 180,000 patients. we also provide acute inpatient dialysis services in approximately 900 hospitals. we estimate that we have approximately a 36% market share in the u.s. based upon the number of patients that we serve. in 2015, our overall network of u.s. outpatient dialysis centers net increased by 72 dialysis centers primarily as a result of the opening new dialysis centers and from acquisitions of dialysis centers. in addition, the overall number of patients that we serve in the u.s. increased by approximately 4.1% in 2015 as compared to 2014. all references in this document to dialysis and related lab services refer only to our u.s. dialysis and related lab services business.
our dialysis and related lab services stated mission is to be the provider, partner and employer of choice. we believe our attention to these three stakeholders-our patients, our business partners, and our teammates-represents the major driver of our long-term performance, although we are subject to the impact of several external factors such as government policy, physician practice patterns, commercial payor payment rates and the mix of commercial and government patients. two principal non-financial metrics we track are quality clinical outcomes and teammate turnover. we have developed our own composite index for measuring improvements in our clinical outcomes, which we refer to as the davita quality index (dqi). our clinical outcomes as measured by dqi have improved over each of the past several years which we believe directly decreases patient mortalities. our patient mortality percentages have decreased from 19.0% in 2001 to 13.7% in 2014. although it is difficult to reliably measure clinical performance across our industry, we believe our clinical outcomes compare favorably with other dialysis providers in the u.s. and generally exceed the dialysis outcome quality indicators of the national kidney foundation. in addition, over the past several years our clinical teammate turnover has remained relatively constant and we believe that a relatively stable teammate turnover in 2015 was a major
65
contributor to our continued clinical performance improvements and can also be a major driver of our ability to maintain or improve clinical hours per treatment. we will continue to focus on these three stakeholders and our clinical outcomes as we believe these are fundamental long-term value drivers.
we believe our national scale, size and commitment to our patients, among other things, allows us to provide industry-leading quality care with superior clinical outcomes that attracts patients, referring physicians, and qualified medical directors to our network, which provides our dialysis patient base with a large number of out-patient dialysis centers to choose from with convenient locations and access to a full range of other integrated services which provides us the ability to effectively and efficiently manage a patient's care and certain costs while still maintaining strong legal and compliance programs.
approximately 62% of our 2015 consolidated net revenues were derived directly from our dialysis and related lab services business. approximately 79% of our 2015 dialysis and related lab services revenues were derived from outpatient hemodialysis services in the 2,220 u.s. centers that we consolidate. other dialysis services, which are operationally integrated with our dialysis operations, are peritoneal dialysis, home-based hemodialysis, hospital inpatient hemodialysis services and management and administrative services provided to minority-owned and non-owned dialysis centers. these services collectively accounted for the balance of our 2015 dialysis and related lab services revenues.
the principal drivers of our dialysis and related lab services revenues are:
·   the number of treatments, which is primarily a function of the number of chronic patients requiring approximately three treatments per week, as well as, to a lesser extent, the number of treatments for peritoneal dialysis services and home-based dialysis and hospital inpatient dialysis services; and

·   average dialysis revenue per treatment including the mix of commercial and government patients.

the total patient base is a relatively stable factor, which we believe is influenced by a demographically growing need for dialysis services as indicated by the united states renal data system that reported an approximate compound growth rate of 3.6% over the last several years for the dialysis patient population, our relationships with referring physicians, together with the quality of our clinical care which can lead to reduced patient mortality rates as indicated above, and our ability to open and acquire new dialysis centers.
our average dialysis and related lab services revenue per treatment is driven by changes in our mix of commercial and government (principally medicare and medicaid) patients, commercial and government payment rates, our billing and collecting operations performance, and to a lesser extent the mix and intensity of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals that are separately billable since payment for these pharmaceuticals are primarily included in medicare's single bundled payment rate system and can also be included as part of a single bundled payment rate for all dialysis services provided under some of our commercial contracts.
on average, dialysis-related payment rates from contracted commercial payors are significantly higher than medicare, medicaid and other government program payment rates, and therefore the percentage of commercial patients as a relationship to total patients represents a major driver of our total average dialysis revenue per treatment. the percentage of commercial patients covered under contracted plans as compared to commercial patients with out-of-network providers continued to increase, which can significantly affect our average dialysis revenue per treatment since commercial payment rates for patients with out-of-network providers are on average higher than in-network payment rates that are covered under commercial contracted plans. for the first time in several years, the growth of our commercial patients slightly outpaced the growth of our government-based patients as more of our patients are covered by commercial contracted plans.
the following table summarizes our u.s. dialysis and related lab services revenues by source for the year ended december 31, 2015:
revenue

source                                                          percentages medicare and medicare-assigned plans                                     56   %
medicaid and medicaid-assigned plans                                      6   %
other government-based programs                                           4   %
total government-based programs                                          66   %
commercial (including hospital inpatient dialysis services)              34   %
total dialysis and related lab services' revenues                       100   %
66
government dialysis-related payment rates in the u.s. are principally determined by federal medicare and state medicaid policy. for patients with medicare coverage, all esrd payments for dialysis treatments are made under a single bundled payment rate which provides a fixed payment rate to encompass all goods and services provided during the dialysis treatment, including certain pharmaceuticals, such as epo, vitamin d analogs and iron supplements, irrespective of the level of pharmaceuticals administered to the patient or additional services performed. most lab services are also included in the bundled payment. the bundled payment rate is also adjusted for certain patient characteristics, a geographic usage index and certain other factors.
the bundled payment system presents operating, clinical and financial risks. for example, with regard to the expanded list of case-mix adjustors, there is a risk that our dialysis centers or billing and other systems may not accurately document and track the appropriate patient-specific characteristics, resulting in a reduction or overpayment in the amounts of the payments that we would otherwise be entitled to receive.
an important provision in the law is an annual adjustment, or market basket update, to the esrd pps base rate. absent action by congress, the pps base rate is automatically updated annually by a formulaic inflation adjustment.
in december 2013, cms issued the 2014 final rule for the esrd pps, which phases in the payment reductions mandated by atra, as modified by the "protecting access to medicare act of 2014" which will reduce our market basket inflation adjustment by 1.25% in 2016 and 2017, and 1% in 2018. cms published the 2015 final rule for the esrd pps, which increased payments to dialysis facilities by 0.3% to 0.5%, although rural facilities received a decrease of 0.5%. cms recently issued the 2016 final rule for the esrd pps, which cuts dialysis facilities' bundled payment rate for 2016 as compared to 2015 while increasing funds for certain co-morbidities and other patient health factors, and rural facilities. cms believes its 2016 final rule for the esrd pps will (i) increase overall payments to both hospital-based and freestanding dialysis facilities by approximately 0.2%, and (ii) decrease overall payments to rural dialysis facilities by approximately 0.1%.
as a result of the bca and subsequent activity in congress, a $1.2 trillion sequester (across-the-board spending cuts) in discretionary programs took effect on march 1, 2013. in particular, a 2% reduction to medicare payments took effect on april 1, 2013, which was subsequently extended through 2014 and 2015. the bipartisan budget act of 2015 extended the bca's annual 2% reduction to medicare payments through fiscal year 2025. these across-the-board spending cuts have affected and will continue to adversely affect our revenues, earnings and cash flows.
the innovation center is currently working with various healthcare providers to develop, refine and implement acos and other innovative models of care for medicare and medicaid beneficiaries. we are currently uncertain of the extent to which the long-term operation and evolution of these models of care, including acos, bundled payments for care improvement initiative, cec model (which includes the development of escos), the comprehensive primary care initiative, the duals demonstration, or other models, will impact the healthcare market over time. our u.s. dialysis business may choose to participate in one or several of these models either as a partner with other providers or independently. we currently participate in the cec model with the innovation center, including with organizations in arizona, florida, new jersey and pennsylvania. in areas where davita is not directly participating in this or other innovation center models, some of our patients may be assigned to an aco, another esrd care model, or another program, in which case the quality and cost of care that we furnish will be included in an aco's, another esrd care model's or other programs' calculations. as new models of care emerge and evolve, we may be at risk for losing our medicare patient base, which would have a materially adverse effect on our revenues, earnings and cash flow. other initiatives in the government or private sector also may arise, including the development of models similar to acos, ipas and integrated delivery systems or evolutions of those concepts which could adversely impact our business.
we anticipate that we will continue to experience increases in our operating costs in 2016 that will outpace any net medicare rate increases that we may receive, which could significantly impact our operating results. in addition, we expect to continue experiencing increases in operating costs that are subject to inflation, such as labor and supply costs, regardless of whether there is a compensating inflation-based increase in medicare payment rates or in payments under the bundled payment rate system.
dialysis payment rates from commercial payors can vary and a major portion of our commercial rates are set at contracted amounts with payors and are subject to intense negotiation pressure. our commercial payment rates also include payments for out-of-network patients that on average are higher than our in-network commercial contract rates. in 2015, we were successful in increasing some of our commercial contracted payment rates which contributed to an increase in our average dialysis revenue per treatment. we continue to enter into some commercial contracts covering certain patients that will primarily pay us a single bundled payment rate for all dialysis services provided to these patients. however, some of the contracts will pay us for certain other services and pharmaceuticals in addition to the bundled payment. we are continuously in the process of negotiating agreements with our commercial payors, and if our negotiations result in overall commercial contract payment rate reductions in excess of our commercial contract payment rate increases, our revenues and operating results could be negatively impacted. in addition, if there is an increase in job losses in the u.s., or depending upon changes to the healthcare regulatory system by cms and/or the impact of healthcare insurance exchanges, we could experience a decrease in the number of patients covered under traditional commercial insurance plans. patients with commercial insurance who cannot otherwise maintain coverage frequently rely on financial assistance from charitable
67
organizations, such as the american kidney fund. if these patients are unable to obtain or continue to receive such financial assistance, our revenues, earnings, and cash flows could be substantially reduced.
approximately 2% of our dialysis and related lab services revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015, were from physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals that are separately billable, with epo accounting for approximately 1% of our dialysis and related lab services revenues. the impact of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals on our overall revenues that are separately billable has significantly decreased since medicare's single bundled payment system went into effect, as well as some additional commercial contracts that pay us a single bundled payment rate.
our operating performance with respect to dialysis services billing and collection can also be a significant factor in the average dialysis and related lab services revenue per treatment we recognize and are able to collect. over the past several years we have invested heavily in upgrades to our systems and internal processes that we believe have helped improve our operating performance and reduced our regulatory compliance risks, and we expect to continue to improve these systems and processes. in 2015, we continued to upgrade our information technology systems and implemented process changes. we continue to upgrade our billing and other systems and modify our processes to improve our ability to capture the necessary patient characteristics, co-morbidities and certain other factors under medicare's bundled payment system. we believe this will potentially enable us to capture additional reimbursement amounts from medicare and enhance our overall billing and collection performance. however, as we continue to make upgrades to our systems and processes, or as payors change their systems and requirements, such as changes to medicare's billing codes, we could experience a negative impact to our cash collection performance which would affect our average dialysis and related lab services revenue per treatment.
our dialysis and related lab services revenue recognition involves significant estimation risks. our estimates are developed based on the best information available to us and our best judgment as to the reasonably assured collectability of our billings as of the reporting date based upon our actual historical collection experience. changes in estimates are reflected in the then-current period financial statements based upon on-going actual experience trends, or subsequent settlements and realizations depending on the nature and predictability of the estimates and contingencies.
our annual average dialysis and related lab services revenue per treatment was approximately $348, $342 and $340 for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in 2015, the average dialysis and related lab services revenue per treatment increased by approximately $6 per treatment due to an increase in our average commercial payment rates and improvements in our commercial payor mix, partially offset by an increase in our provision for uncollectible accounts. in 2014, the average dialysis and related lab services revenue per treatment increased by approximately $2 per treatment primarily from the recognition of certain california medicaid revenue that was previously reserved, an increase in some of our commercial payment rates, partially offset by changes in our commercial payor mix.
our average dialysis and related lab services revenue per treatment can be significantly impacted by several major factors, including our commercial payment rates; government payment policies regarding reimbursement amounts for dialysis treatments covered under medicare's bundled payment rate system, including our ability to capture certain patient characteristics; changes in the mix of government and commercial patients and the number of commercial patients that are either covered under commercial contracts or are out of network.
the principal drivers of our dialysis and related lab services patient care costs are clinical hours per treatment, labor rates, vendor pricing of pharmaceuticals, utilization levels of pharmaceuticals, business infrastructure costs, which include the operating costs of our dialysis centers, and certain professional fees. however, other cost categories can also represent significant cost variability, such as employee benefit costs, payroll taxes, insurance costs and medical supply costs. our average clinical hours per treatment or productivity levels in 2015 improved slightly compared to 2014, which was primarily the result of improvements in our internal procedures and processes. we are always striving for improved productivity levels, however, changes in federal and state policies or regulatory billing requirements can lead to increased labor costs in order to implement these new requirements, which can adversely impact our ability to achieve optimal productivity levels. in addition, improvements in the u.s. economy have stimulated additional competition for skilled clinical personnel resulting in slightly higher teammate turnover in 2015, which we believe negatively affected productivity levels. in 2015 and 2014, we experienced an increase in our clinical labor rates of approximately 0.9% and 1.5%, respectively, as clinical labor rates have increased consistent with general industry trends, mainly due to the high demand for skilled clinical personnel, along with general inflation increases. in 2015, we experienced a significant increase in our pharmaceutical unit costs. we also continue to experience increases in our infrastructure and operating costs of our dialysis centers, primarily due to the number of new dialysis centers opened, and general increases in rent, utilities and repairs and maintenance. however, in 2015, we continued to implement certain cost control initiatives to manage our overall operating costs, including labor productivity.
68
our dialysis and related lab services general and administrative expenses represented 8.2% and 8.3% of our dialysis and related lab services net revenues in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the slight decrease was primarily due to a decrease in professional fees for compliance matters and information technology initiatives and lower travel expenses, partially offset by higher labor and benefit costs and long-term incentive compensation. increases in general and administrative expenses over the last several years primarily related to strengthening our dialysis business, improving our regulatory compliance and other operational processes, responding to certain legal and compliance matters, and professional fees associated with enhancing our information technology systems. we expect that these levels of expenditures on our dialysis and related lab services general and administrative expenses will continue in 2016 and could possibly increase as we seek out new business opportunities within the dialysis industry and continue to invest in improving our information technology infrastructure and the level of support required for our regulatory compliance and legal matters.
results of operations the following table reflects the results of operations for the u.s. dialysis and related lab services business:
year ended december 31,

2015                                      2014                                       2013
(dollar amounts rounded to nearest million)
dialysis and related lab services patient service                    $9,034                                     $8,551                                     $8,033
revenues less: provision for uncollectible accounts                             (406   )                                   (353   )                                   (281   )
dialysis and related lab services net patient service                 8,628                                      8,198                                      7,752
revenues other revenues                                                           14                                         13                                         12
total net dialysis and related lab services revenues                 $8,642             100   %                 $8,211             100   %                 $7,764             100   %
operating expenses and charges:
patient care costs                                                    5,755              67   %                  5,485              67   %                  5,117              66   %
general and administrative                                              709               8   %                    682               8   %                    706               9   %
depreciation and amortization                                           438               5   %                    403               5   %                    356               4   %
settlement charge and loss contingency accruals                         495               6   %                     17               -                        397               5   %
equity investment income                                                (15   )           -                        (14   )           -                        (12   )           -
total operating expenses and charges                                  7,382              85   %                  6,573              80   %                  6,564              84   %
operating income                                                     $1,260              15   %                 $1,638              20   %                 $1,200              16   %
dialysis treatments                                              25,986,719                                 24,981,553                                 23,637,584
average dialysis treatments per treatment day                        83,104                                     79,864                                     75,495
average dialysis and related lab services revenue                      $348                                       $342                                       $340
per treatment net revenues dialysis and related lab services net revenues for 2015 increased by approximately $431 million, or 5.2%, from 2014. the increase in net revenues was primarily due to solid volume growth from additional treatments of approximately 4.0% due to an increase in non-acquired treatment growth at existing and new dialysis centers and an increase in the average dialysis revenue per treatment of approximately $6. the increase in the average dialysis revenue per treatment in 2015, as compared to 2014, was due to an increase in our average commercial payment rates and improvements in our commercial payor mix. dialysis and related lab services net revenues were negatively impacted by an increase in the provision for uncollectible accounts of $53 million.
dialysis and related lab services net revenues for 2014 increased by approximately $447 million, or 5.8%, from 2013. the increase in net revenues was primarily due to strong volume growth from additional treatments of approximately 5.7% due to an increase in non-acquired treatment growth at existing and new dialysis centers and growth through acquisitions of dialysis centers and an increase in the average dialysis revenue per treatment of approximately $2. the increase in the average dialysis revenue per treatment in 2014, as compared to 2013, was due to the recognition of certain california medicaid revenue that was previously reserved, an increase in some of our commercial payment rates, partially offset by changes in the commercial payor mix. dialysis and related lab services net revenues were negatively impacted by an increase in the provision for uncollectible accounts of $72 million.
69
the following table summarizes our dialysis and related lab services revenues by modality for the year ended december 31, 2015:
revenue

modality                                              percentages outpatient hemodialysis centers                                79   %
peritoneal dialysis and home-based hemodialysis                16   %
hospital inpatient hemodialysis                                 5   %
total dialysis and related lab services' revenues             100   %
approximately 66% of our total dialysis and related lab services revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 were from government-based programs, principally medicare, medicaid, and medicare-assigned plans, representing approximately 89% of our total patients. prior to 2015, we had experienced growth in our government-based patients that had been outpacing the growth in our commercial patients which had negatively impacted our average dialysis and related lab services revenue per treatment since we receive higher reimbursement rates from our commercial payors. however, in 2015, for the first time in several years, the growth of our commercial patients slightly outpaced the growth of our government-based patients as more of our patients are covered by commercial contracted plans. less than 1% of our dialysis and related lab services revenues are due directly from patients. there is no single commercial payor associated with our dialysis and related lab services business that accounted for more than 10% of total dialysis and related lab services revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015.
on average, dialysis-related payment rates from contracted commercial payors are significantly higher than medicare, medicaid and other government program payment rates, and therefore the percentage of commercial patients as a relationship to total patients represents a major driver of our total average dialysis revenue per treatment. for a patient covered by a commercial insurance plan, medicare generally becomes the primary payor after 33 months, which includes the three month waiting period, or earlier if the patient's commercial insurance plan coverage terminates. when medicare becomes the primary payor, the payment rates we receive for that patient shifts from the commercial insurance plan rates to medicare payment rates, which are significantly lower than commercial insurance rates. medicare payment rates are insufficient to cover our costs associated with providing dialysis services, and therefore we lose money on each medicare treatment that we provide.
nearly all of our net earnings from our dialysis and related lab services are derived from commercial payors, some of which pay at established contract rates and others which pay negotiated payment rates based on our usual and customary fee schedule for our out-of-network patients, which are typically higher than commercial contracted rates. if we experience a net overall reduction in our contracted and non-contracted commercial payment rates as a result of negotiations, restrictions or changes to the healthcare regulatory system, including the potential impact of healthcare insurance exchanges, it could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
operating expenses and charges patient care costs. dialysis and related lab services patient care costs are those costs directly associated with operating and supporting our dialysis centers and consist principally of labor, benefits, pharmaceuticals, medical supplies and other operating costs of the dialysis centers. the dialysis and related lab services patient care costs on a per treatment basis were $221 and $219 for 2015 and 2014, respectively. the $2 increase in the per treatment costs in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily attributable to higher overall pharmaceutical costs due to higher pharmaceutical unit costs, an increase in our other direct operating expenses associated with our dialysis centers, and a slight increase in labor costs, partially offset by improvements in productivity, and lower general and professional insurance costs.
the dialysis and related lab services patient care costs on a per treatment basis were $219 and $216 for 2014 and 2013, respectively. the $3 increase in the per treatment costs in 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily attributable to higher overall pharmaceutical costs due to an increase in intensities of physician-prescribed pharmaceuticals and higher pharmaceutical unit costs, an increase in our other direct operating expenses associated with our dialysis centers, and a slight increase in labor costs, partially offset by improvements in productivity and lower general and professional insurance costs.
general and administrative expenses. dialysis and related lab services general and administrative expenses in 2015 increased by approximately $27 million as compared to 2014. the increase was primarily due to an increase in our labor and benefit costs and long-term compensation costs.
70
dialysis and related lab services general and administrative expenses in 2014 decreased by approximately $24 million as compared to 2013. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in our professional expenses for legal and compliance matters and for information technology initiatives, a decrease in labor costs and related payroll taxes, a decrease in travel expenses for management meetings, and the write-off of certain obsolete software costs that occurred in 2013, partially offset by higher long-term incentive compensation.
depreciation and amortization. dialysis and related lab services depreciation and amortization expenses for 2015 increased by approximately $35 million as compared to 2014 and increased by $47 million in 2014 as compared to 2013. the increases were primarily due to both growth through new dialysis center developments and additional informational technology initiatives.
provision for uncollectible accounts receivable. the provision for uncollectible accounts receivable for u.s. dialysis and related lab services was 4.5% for 2015, 4.1% for 2014, and 3.5% for 2013. the increase in the provision for uncollectible accounts receivable in 2015 and 2014 was primarily due to higher write-offs of medicare secondary billings. we currently expect the 2015 level of the provision for uncollectible accounts to continue into 2016, although it may increase if we encounter any collection issues.
settlement charge. in june 2015, we finalized the terms of the settlement agreement with plaintiffs regarding the vainer private civil suit, which includes a settlement amount of $450 million and attorney fees and other costs of $45 million.
equity investment income. equity investment income was approximately $15 million, $14 million and $12 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increases in equity investment income in 2015 and 2014 were primarily due to the profitability of certain of our dialysis nonconsolidated joint ventures.
segment operating income dialysis and related lab services operating income for 2015 decreased by approximately $378 million as compared to 2014, which includes a settlement charge of $495 million in 2015 and a loss contingency accrual of $17 million in 2014. excluding these items from their respective periods, dialysis and related lab services adjusted operating income for 2015 would have increased by $100 million. the increase in the adjusted operating income for 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to solid treatment growth as a result of additional dialysis treatments and an increase in the average dialysis revenue per treatment of approximately $6, as described above. in addition, dialysis and related lab services adjusted operating income also increased due to improved productivity and lower general and professional insurance costs, partially offset by higher overall pharmaceutical costs, as described above, and an increase in our provision for uncollectible accounts of $53 million.
dialysis and related lab services operating income for 2014 increased by approximately $438 million as compared to 2013, which includes loss contingency accruals of $17 million and $397 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. excluding these items from their respective periods, dialysis and related lab services adjusted operating income would have increased by $58 million. the increase in the adjusted operating income for 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily due to strong treatment growth as a result of additional dialysis treatments from non-acquired growth and acquisitions of dialysis centers, and an increase in the average dialysis revenue per treatment of approximately $2 as described above. in addition, dialysis and related lab services adjusted operating income also increased due to a decrease in professional expenses, the write-off of certain obsolete software costs that occurred in 2013 and improved productivity. dialysis and related lab services adjusted operating income was negatively impacted by higher overall pharmaceutical costs as described above and an increase in our provision for uncollectible accounts of $72 million.
hcp business hcp is a patient- and physician-focused, integrated healthcare delivery and management company with over two decades of experience providing coordinated, outcomes-based medical care in a cost-effective manner. as of december 31, 2015, hcp had approximately 807,400 members under its care in southern california, colorado, central and south florida, southern nevada, central new mexico and central arizona through capitation contracts with some of the nation's leading health plans. of these 807,400 members, approximately 317,400 individuals were patients enrolled in medicare advantage, and the remaining approximately 490,000 individuals were managed care members whose health coverage is provided through their employer or who have individually acquired health coverage directly from a health plan or as a result of their eligibility for medicaid benefits. in addition to its managed care business, during the year ended december 31, 2015, hcp provided care in all markets to over 612,100 patients whose health coverage is structured on a ffs basis, including patients enrolled through traditional medicare and medicaid programs, preferred provider organizations and other third party payors.
hcp's patients as well as the patients of hcp's associated physicians, physician groups and ipas benefit from an integrated approach to medical care that places the physician at the center of patient care. as of december 31, 2015, hcp delivered services to its members via a network of approximately 547 associated full-time primary care physicians, over 2,900 associated groups and other network primary care physicians, 240 network hospitals, and several thousand associated group and network specialists. together with
71
hundreds of case managers, registered nurses and other care coordinators, these medical professionals utilize a comprehensive information technology system, sophisticated risk management techniques and clinical protocols to provide high-quality, cost-effective care to hcp's members. the total amount of revenue from hcp for the year ended december 31, 2015, was approximately $3.837 billion, or approximately 27.8% of our consolidated net revenues.
key financial measures and indicators operating revenues hcp's consolidated revenues consist primarily of capitated revenues, including revenues attributable to capitated contracts with health plans and, to a lesser extent, revenues from patient services rendered and other operating revenues, each as described in more detail below.
hcp capitated revenues consist primarily of fees for medical services provided under capitated contracts with various health plans or under ffs arrangements with privately insured individuals. capitation revenue derived from health plans typically results from either (i) premium payments by cms to hcp's health plan customers under medicare advantage with respect to seniors, disabled and other eligible persons (which are referred to herein as hcp's senior membership), (ii) premium payments by state governments to hcp's health plan customers under medicaid managed care programs (which are referred to herein as hcp's medicaid membership), and (iii) premium payments from public and private employers and individuals to hcp's health plan customers with respect to their employees (which are referred to herein as hcp's commercial membership). capitation payments under health plan contracts are made monthly based on the number of enrollees selecting an hcp associated group physician employed or associated with one of hcp's medical group entities as their primary healthcare provider. the amount of monthly capitation hcp receives from health plans on behalf of a member generally does not vary during a given calendar year, regardless of the level of actual medical services utilized by the member. as described in more detail below, in central florida, southern nevada and arizona, hcp principally utilizes a global capitation model in which it assumes the financial responsibility for both professional (physician) and institutional (or hospital) services for covered benefits, whereas in new mexico, hcp assumes the financial responsibility for professional services only. in southern california, hcp utilizes variants of a different model for capitation under which it is directly financially responsible for covered professional services, but indirectly financially responsible for covered institutional expenses. see below for further discussion regarding changes to hcp's revenue recognition for hospital services. hcp's associated medical groups also receive specified incentive payments from health plans based on specified performance and quality criteria. these amounts are accrued when earned, and the amounts can be reasonably estimated.
·   global capitation model. hcp records the aggregate global capitation pmpm fee as revenue and the amounts paid with respect to claims as medical expenses or hospital expenses, as applicable, in its combined financial statements (see "patient care costs-medical expenses" and "operating expenses-hospital expenses" below). revenue with respect to both professional and institutional capitation is recorded in the month in which enrollees are entitled to receive healthcare. in hcp's central florida market, hcp also receives capitation revenue and is liable for corresponding expenses for prescription drug activity rendered on behalf of hcp's senior members through the part d component under the medicare advantage program.

·   risk-sharing model. as compensation under its various managed care-related administrative services agreements with hospitals, hcp is entitled to receive a percentage of the amount by which the institutional capitation revenue received from health plans exceeds institutional expenses, and any such risk-share amount to which hcp is entitled is recorded as medical revenues. in addition, pursuant to such managed care-related administrative services agreements, hcp agrees to be responsible should the third party incur institutional expenses in excess of institutional capitation revenue. as with global capitation, revenue with respect to professional capitation is reported in the month in which enrollees are entitled to receive healthcare. however, risk-share revenues (that is, the portion of the excess or deficit of institutional capitation revenue to which hcp is entitled less institutional expenses), in contrast, are based on the number of enrollees and estimates of institutional utilization and associated costs incurred by assigned health plan enrollees, and the amounts accrued when earned can be reasonably estimated. differences between actual contract settlements and estimated receivables and payables are recorded in the year of final settlement. in december 2013, hcp obtained a restricted knox-keene license in california, which permits hcp to enter into global capitation agreements with health plans that allow hcp to assume financial responsibility for both professional and institutional services. hcp is in the process of evaluating and identifying which risk-sharing arrangements, if any, will be converted to global capitation arrangements, subject to hcp's and the applicable health plan's satisfactory negotiation and approval, as well as approval from the department of managed healthcare. completion of such evaluation and possible conversion is expected to occur over time.

72
·   retroactive revenue-adjustments. the medicare advantage revenue received by hcp's health plan customers is adjusted periodically to give effect to the relative clinical and demographic profile of the members for whom hcp is financially responsible. the model employed by cms bases a portion of the total reimbursement payments on various clinical and demographic factors, including hospital inpatient diagnoses, additional diagnosis data from ambulatory treatment settings, hospital outpatient department and physician visits, gender, age and medicaid eligibility. cms requires that all managed care companies capture, collect and submit the necessary diagnosis code information to cms twice a year for reconciliation with cms's internal database. capitation payments under this methodology are paid at interim rates during the year and retroactive adjustments occur in subsequent periods (generally in the third quarter of the same year, with a final adjustment in the third quarter of the following year) after the data is compiled by cms. hcp estimates the amount of the current year adjustments in revenues during the first and second quarters of any given year and adjusts its estimates during the third quarter, upon receipt of payments from cms. differences between actual contract settlements and estimated revenues are recorded in the year of final settlement. to date, all such adjustments have resulted in increases in revenue.

·   patient service revenues. patient service revenues are recorded when the services are provided. such revenues are based on a negotiated fixed-fee schedule with the applicable health plan.

·   other operating revenues. in addition to the revenues discussed above, other operating revenues primarily represents, (i) management fees hcp receives with respect to its role as the manager of its unconsolidated joint ventures, (ii) revenues from the maintenance of existing physicians' networks, (iii) revenues recognized under meaningful use programs established by federal and state governments which provide financial incentives for providers to implement and utilize electronic health record technology to improve patient care, and (iv) medical consulting revenues.

patient care costs hcp's largest patient care costs are the costs of medical services provided pursuant to its capitation contracts, which consist of medical expenses, hospital expenses and clinical support and other operating costs, as further described below. under both the global capitation and the risk-share capitation models, costs of medical services are recognized in the month in which the related services are provided. in addition, medical expenses and hospital expenses include an estimate of such expenses that have been incurred but not yet reported. for further information on how hcp estimates such claims, see "critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments-medical liability claims associated with hcp" below.
medical expenses. medical expenses consist of payments for professional and ancillary services to independent primary care physicians, specialists, ancillary providers and hospitals (including, with respect to hospitals, for outpatient services) pursuant to agreements with those entities. the structure of such expenses can consist of, among other things, sub-capitation and ffs payments. in addition, medical expenses include compensation and related expenses incurred with respect to hcp's associated group primary care physicians and specialists, registered nurses, physician assistants and hospitalists.
hospital expenses. hospital expenses consist of payments for institutional services to contracted and non-contracted hospitals for both inpatient and outpatient services, skilled nursing facilities, and to other institutional providers. hospital expenses are only incurred in connection with the services hcp provides in florida, nevada and arizona. in those regions, as described above, hcp enters into contracts with health plans pursuant to which it assumes the risk for institutional hospital services. in contrast in california, hcp's medical groups were not permitted to contract with health plans to directly assume the risk for institutional services. accordingly, the risk-share revenue that hcp records in california is net of reported claims and estimates of hospital utilization and associated costs incurred by assigned health plan enrollees, and no portion of institutional hospital costs incurred with respect to hcp's california operations is included in hospital expenses as presented. however, as a result of hcp obtaining a restricted knox-keene license in december 2013 as discussed above, hcp may now assume the risk for institutional services in california.
clinic support and other operating costs. clinic support and other operating costs primarily consist of the costs incurred with respect to compensation of administrative and other support staff employed at hcp's medical clinics, clinic rent and utilities, medical supplies and other direct costs incurred to support clinic operations.
other operating expenses general and administrative. general and administrative expenses are those costs directly related to corporate administrative functions in supporting hcp and consist primarily of salaries and benefits, professional fees and occupancy costs.
73
equity investment income. hcpamg is a 50% owner of the magan joint venture with the magan medical clinic, inc. hcp also owns a 67% ownership interest in cmgi. hcp is a 50% owner of a joint venture with independence blue cross, tandigm health, llc, and is also a 50% owner of fullwell, llc, a joint venture with centura health corporation. we account for these equity investment interests under the equity method of accounting, meaning that their assets and liabilities are not consolidated with ours, but we recognize our pro rata ownership share of the entities' earnings as equity investment income.
results of operations the following table reflects the results of operations for the hcp business:
year ended december 31,

2015                                      2014                                        2013
(dollar amounts rounded to nearest millions)
net revenues:
hcp capitated revenue                                            $3,437                  90    %             $3,191                  91    %             $2,920                  91    %
patient service revenue                                             333                   -                     232                   -                     232                   -
less: provision for uncollectible accounts                          (15    )              -                     (13    )              -                     (12    )              -
net patient service revenue                                         318                   8    %                219                   6    %                220                   7    %
other revenues                                                       82                   2    %                 92                   3    %                 56                   2    %
total net revenues                                               $3,837                 100    %             $3,502                 100    %             $3,196                 100    %
operating expenses:
patient care costs                                               $3,006                  78    %             $2,796                  80    %             $2,405                  75    %
general and administrative expense                                  421                  11    %                331                   9    %                270                   9    %
depreciation and amortization                                       174                   5    %                170                   5    %                159                   5    %
goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges              206                   5    %                  -                   -                       -                   -
equity investment income                                             (4    )              -                     (10    )              -                     (23    )             (1   %)
total expenses                                                    3,803                  99    %              3,287                  94    %              2,811                  88    %
operating income                                                    $34                   1    %               $215                   6    %               $385                  12    %
capitated membership information the table set forth below provides (i) the total number of capitated members to whom hcp provided healthcare services as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, and (ii) the aggregate member months as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. member months represent the aggregate number of months of healthcare services hcp has provided to capitated members during a period of time.
members at december 31,                                             member months for the year ended december 31,

2015                    2014                     2013                2015                          2014                             2013
payor classification:
senior                           317,400                  310,500                  265,000              3,774,300                        3,587,900                        2,911,700
commercial                       367,400                  387,400                  403,400              4,497,900                        4,713,100                        4,955,000
medicaid                         122,600                  139,400                   96,100              1,556,400                        1,465,200                        1,106,700
807,400                  837,300                  764,500              9,828,600                        9,766,200                        8,973,400
in addition to the members above, hcp provided healthcare services to members in two of its operating unconsolidated joint ventures that are accounted for as equity investments. these joint ventures provided healthcare services for approximately 131,000, 45,700 and 45,100 members as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and for approximately 1,564,200, 538,000 and 557,000 member months as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in members and member months was due to tandigm health beginning operations in 2015.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, hcp members decreased by approximately 29,900 and member months increased approximately 62,400. the decrease in members is due to a planned reduction in medicaid members and a decline in commercial members as employers shift to less expensive options for medical services for their employees, partially offset by an increase in senior members due to non-acquired growth. the increase in member months was primarily attributable to an increase in senior members resulting from non-acquired growth, new acquisitions and an increase in medicaid members due to medicaid expansion. this increase in member months was partially offset by a planned non-renewal of certain plans in certain markets due to unfavorable economics.
74
during the year ended december 31, 2014, hcp members and member months increased by approximately 72,800 and 792,800, respectively. the increases in members and member months were primarily attributable to an increase in senior members resulting from non-acquired growth, new acquisitions and an increase in medicaid members due to medicaid expansion, partially offset by a decline in commercial members.
revenues the following table provides a breakdown of hcp's revenue by source:
year ended december 31,

2015                                 2014                                  2013
(dollars in millions)
hcp revenues:
commercial revenues                                       $727              19   %              $726              21   %              $715              22   %
senior revenues                                          2,473              65   %             2,319              66   %             2,137              67   %
medicaid revenues                                          237               6   %               146               4   %                68               2   %
total capitated revenues                                 3,437              90   %             3,191              91   %             2,920              91   %
patient service revenue, net of provision for              318               8   %               219               6   %               220               7   %
uncollectible accounts other revenues                                              82               2   %                92               3   %                56               2   %
total net revenues                                      $3,837             100   %            $3,502             100   %            $3,196             100   %
net revenues hcp's net revenue for 2015 increased $335 million, or 9.6%, primarily driven by an increase in ffs revenue from acquisitions, an increase in senior capitated revenue due to an increase in the number of senior capitated members during the year that is attributable to non-acquired growth and acquisitions, an increase in medicaid memberships due to medicaid expansion, recognition of additional medicaid risk-share revenue due to decreased costs related to lower claims, as well as higher commercial negotiated rates for commercial members. these increases in net revenues are partially offset by a decrease in senior capitated revenues due to the planned non-renewal of some plans due to unfavorable economics in certain markets.
hcp's net revenue for 2014 increased $306 million, or 9.6%, primarily driven by an increase in the number of senior capitated members during the year due to organic growth and acquisitions, an increase in medicaid memberships due to medicaid expansion and recognition of additional hcp revenue related to the maintenance of existing physician networks, partially offset by a decline in medicare advantage reimbursement rates, and a decline in the number of commercial members to whom hcp provides healthcare services.
on april 6, 2015, cms issued final guidance for 2016 medicare advantage rates, which incorporated a modification to the risk adjustment model calculation that cms utilizes to determine the risk acuity scores of medicare advantage patients. we estimate that the final cumulative impact of the 2016 rate structure will represent a decrease of approximately 2.0% of hcp's average medicare advantage revenues it manages on behalf of its senior capitated population as compared to 2015, which compares to the industry average rate increase of approximately 1.25% as indicated by cms.
the more significant decline in medicare advantage rates for hcp compared to the industry average is driven by a larger-than-average decline associated with cms's modification to the risk adjustment model calculations. the full implementation of the 2014 cms-hcc risk adjustment model negatively affects hcp and other providers like us who have invested more heavily in wellness and prevention programs for patients with chronic conditions.
75
patient care costs the following table reflects hcp's patient care costs comprised of medical expenses, hospital expenses, clinic support and other operating costs:
year ended december 31,

2015                 2014                  2013
(dollars in millions)
medical expenses                                  $1,865                $1,734                $1,545
hospital expenses                                    602                   586                   434
clinic support and other operating costs             539                   476                   426
total                                             $3,006                $2,796                $2,405
operating expenses patient care costs. hcp's patient care costs for 2015 increased by approximately $210 million from 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to increases in medical claim expenses and hospital expenses due to increases in senior and medicaid member months from acquisitions, non-acquired growth, medicaid expansion, as well as market expansion and the timing of the recognition of additional benefit expense related to higher medicaid risk sharing revenues. the increase was also driven by an increase in clinic support costs due to acquisitions. the increase in costs was partially offset by a decrease in commercial members to whom hcp provides healthcare services and a decrease in costs due to the planned non-renewal of some plans due to unfavorable economics in certain markets.
hcp's patient care costs for 2014 increased by approximately $391 million from 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to increases in medical claim expenses and hospital expenses due to increases in senior and medicaid memberships from acquisitions, non-acquired growth, medicaid expansion, and an increase in utilization. the increase was also driven by an increase in clinic support costs due to acquisitions.
general and administrative expenses. hcp's general and administrative costs for 2015 increased $90 million from 2014. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in corporate administrative support costs related to growth initiatives, professional fees, recognition of additional compensation expense, and travel costs.
hcp's general and administrative costs for 2014 increased $61 million from 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in corporate administrative support departments to accommodate additional acquisitions during 2014, an increase in utilization of professional services related to it infrastructure projects and management bonuses related to retention of key personnel.
depreciation and amortization. hcp's depreciation and amortization for 2015 increased $4 million from 2014. the increase is primarily attributable to depreciation and amortization of assets associated with acquisitions.
hcp's depreciation and amortization for 2014 increased $11 million from 2013. the increase is primarily attributable to depreciation and amortization of assets associated with acquisitions.
goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges. during the quarter ended december 31, 2015, we determined that circumstances indicated it had become more likely than not that the goodwill and an indefinite-lived intangible asset of certain hcp reporting units had become impaired. these circumstances included underperformance of the business in recent quarters, as well as changes in other market conditions, including government reimbursement cuts and our expected ability to mitigate them. we are performing the required valuation of these reporting units and have estimated the fair value of their net assets and implied goodwill with the assistance of a third-party valuation firm. based on the current assessments, we recorded an estimated $206 million in goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges. the final amount of these impairment charges will depend upon the final outcome of this valuation work, which we expect will be completed in the first quarter of 2016.
equity investment income. hcp's share of equity investment income from our unconsolidated joint venture relationships for 2015 decreased $6 million from 2014. the decrease in equity income is primarily attributable to our share of expenses from a certain newly formed joint venture that provides integrated healthcare and reduced commercial risk pool performance.
hcp's share of equity investment income from our joint venture relationships for 2014 decreased $13 million from 2013. the decrease in equity income is primarily attributable to our share of initial expenses of a newly formed joint venture and increased professional capitation costs related to our other joint venture.
76
segment operating income hcp's operating income for 2015 decreased $181 million, including estimated goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges of $206 million in 2015 related to certain reporting units. excluding the impairment charges from 2015, adjusted hcp operating income for the year ended december 31, 2015 would have increased by approximately $25 million, or 11.6%. the increase in adjusted hcp operating income was primarily attributable to an increase in ffs revenue from acquisitions and non-acquired growth, an increase in medicaid members due to medicaid expansion, the timing of recognition of additional medicare risk share revenue and a reduction of claims expense due to the planned non-renewal of some plans due to unfavorable economics in certain markets. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in commercial members, and higher general and administrative costs.
hcp's operating income for 2014 decreased $170 million. the decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in medicare advantage rates, a decrease in commercial memberships and higher medical expenses, partially offset by an increase in medicare and medicaid revenues due to increases in senior capitated members from acquisitions and medicaid expansion.
other-ancillary services and strategic initiatives business our other operations include ancillary services and strategic initiatives which are primarily aligned with our core business of providing dialysis services to our network of patients. as of december 31, 2015, these consisted primarily of pharmacy services, disease management services, vascular access services, clinical research programs, physician services, direct primary care and our international dialysis operations. the ancillary services and strategic initiatives generated approximately $1.382 billion of net revenues in 2015, representing approximately 10% of our consolidated net revenues. we currently expect to continue to invest in our ancillary services and strategic initiatives including our continued expansion into certain international markets as we work to develop successful new business operations. however, any significant change in market conditions, business performance or in the regulatory environment may impact the economic viability of any of these strategic initiatives. any unfavorable changes in these strategic initiatives could result in a write-off or an impairment of some or all of our investments, including goodwill, and could also result in significant termination costs if we were to exit a certain line of business or one or more of our international markets.
as of december 31, 2015, we provided dialysis and administrative services to a total of 118 outpatient dialysis centers located in ten countries outside of the u.s., and we owned a minority equity investment in a primary care and multi-specialty chain in india. our international dialysis operations are still in an early phase of development as we primarily commenced operations during the fourth quarter of 2011. the total net revenues generated from our international operations, as reflected below, were approximately 1% of our 2015 consolidated net revenues.
the following table reflects the results of operations for the ancillary services and strategic initiatives:
year ended december 31,

2015                   2014                    2013
(dollar amounts rounded to nearest million)
u.s. revenues net patient service revenues               $26                     $20                 $15
other revenues                           1,144                     941                 703
capitated revenues                          72                      70                  67
total                                    1,242                   1,031                 785
international revenues net patient service revenues               134                     102                  61
other revenues                               6                       6                   6
total                                      140                     108                  67
total net revenues                      $1,382                  $1,139                $852
total segment operating loss             $(104    )               $(25    )           $(39   )
net revenues the ancillary services and strategic initiatives net revenues for 2015 increased by approximately $243 million, or 21.3%, as compared to 2014. the increase was primarily related to an increase in pharmacy services volume and pharmaceutical rates, as well as an increase in net revenues from growth in our international business and other strategic initiatives. these increases were partially offset by an increase in reserves for refunds of prior period pharmacy reimbursements.
77
the ancillary services and strategic initiatives net revenues for 2014 increased by approximately $287 million, or 33.7%, as compared to 2013, primarily from growth in prescriptions dispensed, increases in other pharmacy services revenue and growth in our international operations.
operating expenses ancillary services and strategic initiatives operating expenses for 2015 increased by approximately $322 million from 2014 which includes an estimated accrual for damages and liabilities associated with our pharmacy business of $22 million, as well as a goodwill impairment charge of $4 million related to one of our international reporting units during the second quarter of 2015. excluding these items from 2015, the ancillary services and strategic initiatives adjusted operating expenses would have increased by $296 million. the increase in adjusted operating expenses was primarily due to an increase in prescription dispensing volume, higher pharmaceutical costs, higher labor costs and related payroll taxes and benefit costs, additional expenses associated with our international dialysis expansion, and an increase in costs associated with the right to use intellectual property and general and administrative and corporate administrative support expenses.
ancillary services and strategic initiatives operating expenses for 2014 increased by approximately $273 million from 2013. the increase in operating expenses was primarily due to an increase in prescription dispensing volume and costs in our pharmacy business, an increase in expenses associated with our international dialysis expansion into europe, middle east, south america and asia pacific, higher labor costs and related payroll taxes, an increase in benefit costs and an increase in business related licensing and the right to use newly developed intellectual property and corporate administrative support expenses.
operating loss ancillary services and strategic initiatives operating losses for 2015 increased by approximately $79 million from 2014 which includes an estimated accrual for damages and liabilities of $22 million, as well as a goodwill impairment charge of $4 million related to our international operations during the second quarter of 2015. excluding these items from 2015, the ancillary services and strategic initiatives adjusted operating losses would have increased by $53 million. this increase in adjusted operating losses was primarily due to an increase in drug prescription costs associated with our pharmacy business, higher labor costs, increases in expenses related to our international expansion, an increase in costs associated with the right to use intellectual property and an increase in general and administrative costs. the increase in adjusted operating losses was partially offset by an increase in net revenue in our pharmacy business, primarily from additional volume and increases in pharmaceutical rates.
ancillary services and strategic initiatives operating losses for 2014 decreased by approximately $14 million from 2013. this decrease in operating losses was primarily due to improved operating performance of our pharmacy business related to increased prescriptions dispensed and pharmacy services rendered, partially offset by an increase in labor costs and related payroll taxes, an increase in benefit costs and an increase in costs associated with international dialysis expansion.
corporate level charges debt expense. debt expense for 2015, 2014, and 2013 consisted of interest expense of approximately $390 million, $386 million, and $401 million, respectively, and the amortization and accretion of debt discounts and premiums, the amortization of deferred financing costs and the amortization of interest rate cap agreements of approximately $18 million in 2015, $25 million in 2014 and $29 million in 2013. the increase in debt expense in 2015 as compared to 2014, was primarily related to an increase in weighted average outstanding principal balances offset by lower weighted average interest rates as a result of the issuance of our 5.0% senior notes in april 2015, as well as the entry into a new credit agreement and the issuance of senior notes in june 2014, as discussed below. our overall weighted average effective interest rate in 2015 was 4.42% as compared to 4.68% in 2014.
the decrease in debt expense in 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily related to our credit agreement issued in june 2014, as well as the issuance of our 5 1⁄8% senior notes that were entered into in the second quarter of 2014 that contain lower weighted average interest rates and from lower average interest rates associated with the unhedged portion of term loan a. our overall weighted average effective interest rate in 2014 was 4.68% as compared to 4.84% in 2013.
other income. other income was approximately $9 million, $2 million, and $5 million in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively, and consisted principally of interest income. other income increased in 2015 as compared to 2014 due to an increase in short-term investment interest income and a decrease in foreign currency transaction losses. other income in 2014 decreased from 2013, primarily as a result of the impact of certain foreign currency transactions, partially offset by an increase in short-term investment interest income.
78
provision for income taxes. the provision for income taxes for 2015 represented an effective annualized tax rate of 40.9%, compared with 34.1% and 33.9% of income from continuing operations in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the effective tax rate in 2015 was higher primarily due to the impairment of goodwill in 2015.
noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests for 2015, 2014 and 2013 was approximately $158 million, $140 million and $124 million, respectively. the increases in noncontrolling interests in 2015 and 2014 were primarily due to increases in the number of new joint ventures and increases in the profitability of our dialysis-related joint ventures. the percentage of u.s. dialysis and related lab services net revenues generated from dialysis-related joint ventures was approximately 23%, 22% and 21% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
accounts receivable our u.s. dialysis and related lab services accounts receivable balances at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014 were $1.255 billion and $1.157 billion, respectively, representing approximately 53 days and 50 days of revenue, respectively, net of bad debt provision. the increase in day sales outstanding (dso) for the u.s. dialysis and related lab services business, was primarily the result of the continued rollout of our billing system in 2015, as well as improved cash collection performance in 2014 that positively impacted the dso in 2014 which we did not experience in 2015. our dso calculation is based on the current quarter's average revenues per day.
as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, our dialysis and related lab services unreserved accounts receivable balances that were more than six months old were approximately $233 million and $152 million, respectively, representing approximately 18% and 13% of our dialysis accounts receivable balances, respectively. there were no significant unreserved balances over one year old. less than 1% of our revenues are classified as patient pay. substantially all revenue realized is from government and commercial payors, as discussed above.
amounts pending approval from third-party payors as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, other than the standard monthly billing, consisted of approximately $106 million in 2015 and $119 million in 2014, associated with medicare bad debt claims, classified as other receivables. currently, a significant portion of our medicare bad debt claims are typically paid to us before the medicare fiscal intermediary audits the claims. however, the payment received from medicare is subject to adjustment based upon the actual results of the audits. such audits typically occur one to four years after the claims are filed. as a kidney dialysis provider, our revenue is not subject to cost report settlements, except for potentially limiting the collectability of these medicare bad debt claims.
liquidity and capital resources available liquidity. as of december 31, 2015, our cash balance was $1.5 billion and we also had approximately $408 million in short-term investments. we also had an undrawn revolving line of credit under our senior secured credit facilities totaling $1.0 billion, of which approximately $92.2 million was committed for outstanding letters of credit. in addition, hcp has an outstanding letter of credit of approximately $1.3 million that is secured by a certificate of deposit. we believe that we will have sufficient liquidity, operating cash flows and access to borrowings to fund our scheduled debt service payments and other obligations for the foreseeable future. our primary sources of liquidity are cash from operations and cash from borrowings.
cash flow from operations during 2015 amounted to $1.6 billion, compared with $1.5 billion for 2014. the increase in our operating cash flows in 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily due to the timing of other working capital items, a decrease in our income tax payments and a reduction in our net settlement payments and charges, offset by an increase in our cash interest payments. cash flow from operations in 2015 included cash interest payments of approximately $405 million and cash tax payments of $156 million. cash flow from operations in 2014 included cash interest payments of approximately $352 million and cash tax payments of $239 million.
non-operating cash outflows in 2015 included $708 million for capital asset expenditures, including $381 million for new center developments and relocations, and $327 million for maintenance and information technology. we also spent an additional $97 million for acquisitions. during 2015, we also received $1.6 billion from the maturity and sale of investments. however, some of these proceeds were either used to repurchase other investments or were used to fund distributions from our deferred compensation plans. in addition, during 2015, we received $54 million associated with stock option exercises and other share issuances and the related excess tax benefits. we also made distributions to noncontrolling interests of $175 million, and received contributions from noncontrolling interests of $55 million associated with new joint ventures and from additional equity contributions. we also repurchased a total of 7,779,958 shares of our common stock for $575 million, or an average price of $73.96 per share, of which $25 million was unsettled at december 31, 2015.
79
non-operating cash outflows in 2014 included $641 million for capital asset expenditures, including $376 million for new center developments and relocations, and $265 million for maintenance and information technology. we also spent an additional $272 million for acquisitions. during 2014, we also received $144 million from the maturity and sale of investments. however, some of these proceeds were either used to repurchase other investments or were used to fund distributions from our deferred compensation plans. in addition, during 2014, we received $65 million associated with stock option exercises and other share issuances and the related excess tax benefits. we also made distributions to noncontrolling interests of $149 million, and received contributions from noncontrolling interests of $65 million associated with new joint ventures and from additional equity contributions. we did not repurchase any shares of our common stock in 2014.
on august 17, 2015, we entered into a definitive agreement to acquire colorado-based renal ventures limited, llc (renal ventures), including a 100% interest in all dialysis centers owned by renal ventures, for approximately $415 million in cash, subject to, among other things, adjustments for certain items such as working capital. renal ventures currently operates 36 dialysis clinics in six states serving approximately 2,400 patients, and also operates other ancillary businesses. the transaction is subject to approval by the federal trade commission (ftc) including hart-scott-rodino antitrust clearance. we anticipate that we will be required by the ftc to divest a certain number of outpatient dialysis centers as a condition of the transaction. we currently expect this transaction to close in 2016.
on november 23, 2015, we entered into a definitive merger agreement to acquire the everett clinic medical group (tec), a washington state physician group, for approximately $385 million in cash, subject to, among other things, adjustments for certain items such as working capital. tec has 500 providers in primary and specialty care locations throughout snohomish county, washington who care for more than 315,000 patients. we currently expect this transaction to close in early 2016.
during 2015, we opened 72 new u.s. dialysis centers, acquired a total of six u.s. dialysis centers, sold one center, merged five centers, added two centers in which we operate under a management and administrative services agreement and closed two centers. outside the u.s., we acquired 21 dialysis centers, opened seven new dialysis and hospital operated centers, and terminated one management and administration services agreement.
during 2015, our hcp business acquired three family practices, one management services organization, two primary care practices, and six private medical practices.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we made mandatory principal payments under our senior secured credit facilities totaling $50 million on the term loan a and $35 million on the term loan b.
during 2014, we opened 105 new u.s. dialysis centers, acquired a total of 18 u.s. dialysis centers, sold one center, merged 16 centers and closed one center. outside the u.s., we acquired seven dialysis centers, opened 11 new dialysis and hospital operated centers, closed two dialysis centers and added a net two centers in which we operate under management and administration services agreements. during 2014, our hcp business acquired a family practice, a management services organization, two primary care practices, and eight private medical practices.
debt transactions in april 2015, we issued $1.5 billion 5.0% senior notes due 2025 (5.0% senior notes). the 5.0% senior notes pay interest on may 1 and november 1 of each year beginning november 1, 2015. the 5.0% senior notes are unsecured senior obligations and rank equally in right of payment with our existing and future unsecured senior indebtedness. the 5.0% senior notes are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries. we may redeem up to 35% of the 5.0% senior notes at any time prior to may 1, 2018 at a certain specified price from the proceeds of one or more equity offerings. in addition, we may redeem some or all of the 5.0% senior notes at any time prior to may 1, 2020 at make whole redemption rates and on or after such date at certain specified redemption prices. the net proceeds from the 5.0% senior notes offering were used to repurchase all of the outstanding $775 million aggregate principal amount of 6 5⁄8% senior notes due 2020 (6 5⁄8% senior notes) through a combination of a tender offer and a redemption process and to pay fees and expenses. the remaining net offering proceeds will be used for general corporate purposes, future acquisitions and share repurchases. as a result of these transactions, we incurred $48 million in debt redemption charges consisting of tender and redemption premiums as well as the write-off of deferred financing fees associated with the repurchase of the 6 5⁄8% senior notes.
80
interest rate swap and cap agreements as of december 31, 2015, we maintain several interest rate swap agreements that were entered into in march 2013 with amortizing notional amounts of these swap agreements totaling $760 million. these agreements have the economic effect of modifying the libor variable component of our interest rate on an equivalent amount of our term loan a to fixed rates ranging from 0.49% to 0.52%, resulting in an overall weighted average effective interest rate of 2.26%, including the term loan a margin of 1.75%. the overall weighted average effective interest rate also includes the effects of $165 million of unhedged term loan a debt that bears interest at libor plus an interest rate margin of 1.75%. the swap agreements expire on september 30, 2016 and require monthly interest payments. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized debt expense of $2.7 million from these swaps. as of december 31, 2015, the total fair value of these swap agreements was a net asset of approximately $0.5 million. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a loss of $4.0 million in other comprehensive income due to a decrease in the unrealized fair value of these swap agreements. we estimate that approximately $0.5 million of existing unrealized pre-tax gains in other comprehensive income at december 31, 2015 will be reclassified into income over the next twelve months.
as of december 31, 2015, we maintain several forward interest rate cap agreements that were entered into in october 2015 with notional amounts totaling $3.5 billion. these forward cap agreements will be effective june 29, 2018 and will have the economic effect of capping the libor variable component of our interest rate at a maximum of 3.50% on an equivalent amount of our debt. these cap agreements expire on june 30, 2020. as of december 31, 2015, the total fair value of these cap agreements was an asset of approximately $13.8 million. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a loss of $3.5 million in other comprehensive income due to a decrease in the unrealized fair value of these cap agreements.
as of december 31, 2015, we maintain several forward interest rate cap agreements that were entered into in november 2014 with notional amounts totaling $3.5 billion. these forward cap agreements will be effective september 30, 2016 and will have the economic effect of capping the libor variable component of our interest rate at a maximum of 3.50% on an equivalent amount of our debt. the cap agreements expire on june 30, 2018. as of december 31, 2015, the total fair value of these cap agreements was an asset of approximately $1.3 million. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a loss of $11.0 million in other comprehensive income due to a decrease in the unrealized fair value of these cap agreements.
as of december 31, 2015, we maintain several interest rate cap agreements that were entered into in march 2013 with notional amounts totaling $2.7 billion on our term loan b debt. these agreements have the economic effect of capping the libor variable component of our interest rate at a maximum of 2.50% on an equivalent amount of our term loan b. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recognized debt expense of $2.4 million from these caps. the cap agreements expire on september 30, 2016. as of december 31, 2015, the total fair value of these cap agreements was immaterial. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a loss of $1.6 million in other comprehensive income due to a decrease in the unrealized fair value of these cap agreements.
other items as a result of an embedded libor floor on the term loan b debt agreement and the swap and cap agreements, our overall weighted average effective interest rate on the senior secured credit facilities was 3.46%, based on the current margins in effect of 1.75% for the term loan a and 2.75% for the term loan b, as of december 31, 2015.
as of december 31, 2015, the interest rate on our term loan b debt is effectively fixed subject to an embedded libor floor which is higher than actual libor as of such date and the term loan b is also subject to an interest rate cap if libor should rise above 2.50%. interest rates on our senior notes are fixed by their terms. the libor variable component of our interest rate on the majority of our term loan a is economically fixed as a result of interest rate swaps.
our overall weighted average effective interest rate during the year ended december 31, 2015 was 4.42% and as of december 31, 2015 was 4.39%.
as of december 31, 2015, we had undrawn revolving credit facilities totaling $1.0 billion of which approximately $92.2 million was committed for outstanding letters of credit. the remaining amount is unencumbered. in addition, hcp has an outstanding letter of credit of approximately $1.3 million that is secured by a certificate of deposit.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets during the quarter ended december 31, 2015, we determined that circumstances indicated it had become more likely than not that the goodwill and an indefinite-lived intangible asset of certain hcp reporting units had become impaired.
these circumstances included underperformance of the business in recent quarters, as well as changes in other market conditions, including government reimbursement cuts and our expected ability to mitigate them. we are performing the required
81
valuation of certain hcp reporting units and have estimated the fair value of their net assets and implied goodwill with the assistance of a third-party valuation firm. based on our current assessments, we recorded an estimated $206 million in non-cash goodwill and other intangible asset impairment charges of certain hcp reporting units. the final amount of these impairment charges will depend upon the final outcome of this valuation work, which we expect will be completed in the first quarter of 2016.
our hcp nevada, hcp florida, hcp colorado and kidney care malaysia reporting units remain at risk of further goodwill impairment. as of december 31, 2015, these reporting units have goodwill amounts of $424,468, $530,075, $16,897, and $13,329, respectively. as of december 31, 2015, the estimated fair values of the hcp nevada, hcp florida, hcp colorado and kidney care malaysia reporting units exceeded (fell short of) from their total carrying amounts by approximately (3.4)%, 0.7%, 9.5% and 11.2%, respectively.
for our at-risk hcp reporting units, further reductions in reimbursement rates or other significant adverse changes in expected future cash flows or valuation assumptions could result in further goodwill impairment charges in the future. for example, a sustained, long-term reduction of 3% in operating income for hcp nevada or hcp florida could reduce their estimated fair values by up to 2.0% and 1.6%, respectively. separately, an increase in their respective discount rates of 100 basis points could reduce the estimated fair values of hcp nevada and hcp florida by up to 2.9% and 2.8%, respectively.
in addition, we recorded a $4 million impairment charge related to one of our international reporting units.
long-term incentive compensation long-term incentive program (ltip) compensation includes both stock-based awards (principally stock-settled stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units and performance stock units) as well as long-term performance-based cash awards. long-term incentive compensation expense, which was primarily general and administrative in nature, was attributed among the dialysis and related lab services business, the hcp business, corporate administrative support, and the ancillary services and strategic initiatives.
our stock-based compensation awards are measured at their estimated fair values on the date of grant if settled in shares or at their estimated fair values at the end of each reporting period if settled in cash. the value of stock-based awards so measured is recognized as compensation expense on a cumulative straight-line basis over the vesting terms of the awards, adjusted for expected forfeitures.
during 2015, we granted approximately 994 thousand stock-settled stock appreciation rights (ssars) with an aggregate grant-date fair value of $17.9 million and a weighted-average expected life of approximately 4.1 years and approximately 279 thousand stock units with an aggregate grant-date fair value of $22.4 million and a weighted-average expected life of approximately 3.1 years.
long-term incentive compensation costs of $130.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased by approximately $11.7 million as compared to 2014. the increase in long-term incentive compensation was primarily due to an increase in the value of ltip awards that contributed expense during this period and ltip award forfeitures realized at a lower rate than previously expected.
long-term incentive compensation costs in 2014 increased by approximately $34.1 million as compared to 2013, primarily due to an increase in the value of ltip awards that contributed expense during this period and ltip award forfeitures realized at a lower rate than previously expected.
as of december 31, 2015, there was $124.0 million in total estimated but unrecognized long-term incentive compensation costs for ltip awards outstanding, including $63.6 million relating to stock-based awards under our equity compensation plans. we expect to recognize the performance-based cash component of these ltip costs over a weighted average remaining period of 1.0 years and the stock-based component of these ltip costs over a weighted average remaining period of 1.3 years.
for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we received $45.7 million, $59.1 million and $46.9 million, respectively, in actual tax benefits upon the exercise of stock awards. as a result of issuing ssars, beginning in 2013 we no longer have stock options outstanding and did not receive cash proceeds from stock option exercises during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
stock repurchases in 2015, we repurchased a total of 7,779,958 shares of our common stock for $575 million, or an average price of $73.96 per share. we also repurchased a total of 3,689,738 shares of our common stock for $249 million, or an average price of $67.61 per share, during january 2016.
on april 14, 2015, our board of directors approved additional share repurchases in the amount of $726 million. these approved share repurchases are in addition to the $274 million remaining at that time under our board of directors' prior share repurchase
82
approval announced in november 2010. as a result of the above transactions, there was approximately $259 million available under our current board authorizations for additional share repurchases as of january 31, 2016. our share repurchase authorizations have no expiration dates. however, we are subject to share repurchase limitations under the terms of our senior secured credit facility and the indentures governing our senior notes.
off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations in addition to the debt obligations reflected on our balance sheet, we have commitments associated with operating leases and letters of credit, as well as potential obligations associated with our equity investments in nonconsolidated businesses and to dialysis centers that are wholly-owned by third parties. substantially all of our u.s. dialysis facilities are leased. we have potential obligations to purchase the noncontrolling interests held by third parties in several of our majority-owned joint ventures, non-owned and minority-owned entities. these obligations are in the form of put provisions and are exercisable at the third-party owners' discretion within specified periods as outlined in each specific put provision. if these put provisions were exercised, we would be required to purchase the third-party owners' noncontrolling interests at either the appraised fair market value or a predetermined multiple of earnings or cash flow attributable to the noncontrolling interests put to us, which is intended to approximate fair value. the methodology we use to estimate the fair values of noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions assumes the higher of either a liquidation value of net assets or an average multiple of earnings, based on historical earnings, patient mix and other performance indicators that can affect future results, as well as other factors. the estimated fair values of the noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions is a critical accounting estimate that involves significant judgments and assumptions and may not be indicative of the actual values at which the noncontrolling interests may ultimately be settled, which could vary significantly from our current estimates. the estimated fair values of noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions can fluctuate and the implicit multiple of earnings at which these noncontrolling interests obligations may be settled will vary significantly depending upon market conditions including potential purchasers' access to the capital markets, which can impact the level of competition for dialysis and non-dialysis related businesses, the economic performance of these businesses and the restricted marketability of the third-party owners' noncontrolling interests. the amount of noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions that employ a contractually predetermined multiple of earnings rather than fair value are immaterial. for additional information see note 18 to the consolidated financial statements.
we also have certain other potential commitments to provide operating capital to several dialysis centers that are wholly-owned by third parties or centers in which we own a minority equity investment as well as to physician-owned vascular access clinics or medical practices that we operate under management and administrative services agreements. we have certain other potential commitments related to service agreements of approximately $5.6 million.
the following is a summary of these contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
less than       2-3         4-5         after         total
1 year       years       years       5 years

scheduled payments under contractual obligations:
long-term debt                                                   $113        $284        $765        $7,781        $8,943
interest payments on the senior notes                             237         473         473           840         2,023
interest payments on the term loan b(1)                           122         240         235            58           655
interest payments on the term loan a(2)                            20          35           7             -            62
capital lease obligations                                          16          35          41           191           283
operating leases                                                  432         791         615         1,084         2,922
$940      $1,858      $2,136        $9,954       $14,888
potential cash requirements under existing commitments:
letters of credit                                                 $94          $-          $-            $-           $94
noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions                501         126         128           109           864
non-owned and minority owned put provisions                        47           -           -             -            47
operating capital advances                                          6           -           -             -             6
$648        $126        $128          $109        $1,011
(1)   assuming no changes to libor-based interest rates as the term loan b currently bears interest at libor (floor of 0.75%) plus an interest rate margin of 2.75%.

(2)   based upon current libor-based interest rates in effect at december 31, 2015 plus an interest rate margin of 1.75% for the term loan a.

83
the pay-fixed swap's obligations represent the estimated fair market values of our interest rate swap agreements that are based upon valuation models utilizing the income approach and commonly accepted valuation techniques that use inputs from closing prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as other relevant observable market inputs and other current market conditions that existed as of december 31, 2015. currently all of our swaps are in an asset position. however, we could have a potential obligation that we would be required to pay based upon the estimated future settlement of each specific tranche over the term of the swap agreements, assuming no future changes in the forward yield curve if we were required to pay an amount in excess of what we would receive. the actual amount of our obligation associated with these swaps in the future will depend upon changes in the libor-based interest rates that can fluctuate significantly depending upon market conditions, and other relevant factors that can affect the fair market value of these swap agreements.
we are committed to purchase a certain amount of our hemodialysis non-equipment product supplies, such as dialyzers, from baxter at fixed prices through 2018.
in january 2010, we entered into and subsequently extended an agreement with fmc to purchase a certain amount of dialysis equipment, parts and supplies from fmc through february 29, 2016. we are currently renegotiating this agreement to extend the period of the agreement and to finalize the costs of our dialysis products. our total expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2015 on such products were approximately 2% of our total u.s. operating expenses. the actual amount of purchases in future years from fmc will depend upon a number of factors, including the operating requirements of our centers, the number of centers we acquire, and growth of our existing centers.
in november 2011, we entered into a seven year sourcing and supply agreement with amgen that expires on december 31, 2018. under the terms of the agreement we will purchase epo in amounts necessary to meet no less than 90% of our requirements for esas. the actual amount of epo that we will purchase from amgen will depend upon the amount of epo administered during dialysis as prescribed by physicians and the overall number of patients that we serve.
settlements of approximately $51 million of existing income tax liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits, including interest, penalties and other long-term tax liabilities, are excluded from the above table as reasonably reliable estimates of their timing cannot be made.
supplemental information concerning certain physician groups and unrestricted subsidiaries the following information is presented as supplemental data as required by the indentures governing our senior notes.
we provide services to certain physician groups that, while consolidated in our financial statements for financial reporting purposes, are not subsidiaries of or owned by us, do not constitute "subsidiaries", as defined in the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes, and do not guarantee those senior notes. in addition, we have entered into management agreements with these physician groups pursuant to which we receive management fees from the physician groups.
as of december 31, 2015, if these physician groups were not consolidated in our financial statements, our consolidated indebtedness would have been approximately $9.226 billion, our consolidated other liabilities (excluding indebtedness) would have been approximately $3.056 billion and our consolidated assets would have been approximately $17.956 billion. if these physician groups were not consolidated in our financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015, our consolidated total net revenues (including approximately $650 million of management fees payable to us), consolidated operating income and consolidated net income would be reduced by approximately $1.132 billion, $82 million, and $52 million, respectively.
in addition, we own a 67% equity interest in cmgi, which is an unrestricted subsidiary as defined in the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes, and does not guarantee those senior notes. our equity interest in cmgi is accounted for under the equity method of accounting, meaning that, although cmgi is not consolidated in our financial statements for financial reporting purposes, our consolidated income statement reflects our pro rata share of cmgi's net income as equity investment income.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, excluding our equity investment income attributable to cmgi, our consolidated operating income and consolidated net income would be decreased by approximately $13 thousand and $8 thousand, respectively. see note 29 to the consolidated financial statements for further details.
contingencies the information in note 17 to the consolidated financial statements of this report is incorporated by reference in response to this item.
84
critical accounting policies, estimates and judgments our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes are prepared in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles. these accounting principles require us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets, liabilities, contingencies and temporary equity. all significant estimates, judgments and assumptions are developed based on the best information available to us at the time made and are regularly reviewed and updated when necessary. actual results will generally differ from these estimates. changes in estimates are reflected in our financial statements in the period of change based upon on-going actual experience trends, or subsequent settlements and realizations depending on the nature and predictability of the estimates and contingencies. interim changes in estimates are applied prospectively within annual periods. certain accounting estimates, including those concerning revenue recognition and accounts receivable, impairments of goodwill or other long-lived assets, accounting for income taxes, quarterly and annual variable compensation accruals, consolidation of variable interest entities, purchase accounting valuation estimates, fair value estimates, stock-based compensation and medical liability claims are considered to be critical to evaluating and understanding our financial results because they involve inherently uncertain matters and their application requires the most difficult and complex judgments and estimates.
dialysis and related lab services revenue recognition and accounts receivable. there are significant estimating risks associated with the amount of dialysis and related lab services revenue that we recognize in a given reporting period. payment rates are often subject to significant uncertainties related to wide variations in the coverage terms of the commercial healthcare plans under which we receive payments. in addition, ongoing insurance coverage changes, geographic coverage differences, differing interpretations of contract coverage, and other payor issues complicate the billing and collection process. net revenue recognition and allowances for uncollectible billings require the use of estimates of the amounts that will ultimately be realized considering, among other items, retroactive adjustments that may be associated with regulatory reviews, audits, billing reviews and other matters.
revenues associated with medicare and medicaid programs are recognized based on (a) the payment rates that are established by statute or regulation for the portion of the payment rates paid by the government payor (e.g., 80% for medicare patients) and (b) for the portion not paid by the primary government payor, the estimated amounts that will ultimately be collectible from other government programs paying secondary coverage (e.g., medicaid secondary coverage), the patient's commercial health plan secondary coverage, or the patient. effective january 1, 2011, our dialysis related reimbursements from medicare became subject to certain variations under medicare's new single bundled payment rate system whereby our reimbursements can be adjusted for certain patient characteristics and certain other factors. our revenue recognition depends upon our ability to effectively capture, document and bill for medicare's base payment rate and these other factors. in addition, as a result of the potential range of variations that can occur in our dialysis-related reimbursements from medicare under the new single bundled payment rate system, our revenue recognition is now subject to a greater degree of estimating risk.
commercial healthcare plans, including contracted managed-care payors, are billed at our usual and customary rates; however, revenue is recognized based on estimated net realizable revenue for the services provided. net realizable revenue is estimated based on contractual terms for the patients covered under commercial healthcare plans with which we have formal agreements, non-contracted commercial healthcare plan coverage terms if known, estimated secondary collections, historical collection experience, historical trends of refunds and payor payment adjustments (retractions), inefficiencies in our billing and collection processes that can result in denied claims for payments, a slowdown in collections, a reduction in the amounts that we expect to collect and regulatory compliance issues. determining applicable primary and secondary coverage for our approximately 180,000 u.s. patients at any point in time, together with the changes in patient coverage's that occur each month, requires complex, resource-intensive processes. collections, refunds and payor retractions typically continue to occur for up to three years or longer after services are provided.
we generally expect our range of dialysis and related lab services revenues estimating risk to be within 1% of its revenue, which can represent as much as 5% of dialysis and related lab services' adjusted operating income. changes in estimates are reflected in the then-current financial statements based on on-going actual experience trends, or subsequent settlements and realizations depending on the nature and predictability of the estimates and contingencies. changes in revenue estimates for prior periods are separately disclosed and reported if material to the current reporting period and longer term trend analyses, and have not been significant.
lab service revenues for current period dates of services are recognized at the estimated net realizable amounts to be received.
hcp revenue recognition. hcp revenues consist primarily of fees for medical services provided under capitated contracts with various health plans and under risk-sharing programs. revenues with respect to both professional and institutional capitation are recognized in the month in which enrollees are entitled to receive healthcare and are based on the number of enrollees selecting an hcp associated group physician employed or affiliated with one of hcp's medical group entities as their primary healthcare provider. capitation payments received for enrollees under medicare advantage plans are subject to retroactive adjustment depending upon certain clinical and demographic factors. we estimate the amount of current year adjustments in revenues during the first and second quarters of any given year and adjust our estimates during the third quarter upon receipt of payments from cms related to prior year. any difference between actual contract settlements and estimated revenues are recorded in the year of final settlement.
85
in addition, as compensation under hcp's various managed care-related agreements with hospitals, we are entitled to receive a percentage of the amount by which the institutional capitation revenue received from health plans exceeds institutional expenses, and any such risk-share amount to which we are entitled is recorded as hcp revenues. in addition, pursuant to such managed care-related agreements, hcp agrees to be responsible should the third party incur a deficit as a result of institutional expenses being in excess of institutional capitation revenue. as with global capitation, revenue with respect to professional capitation is reported in the month in which enrollees are entitled to receive healthcare. however, risk-share revenues (that is, the portion of the excess of institutional capitation revenue to which hcp is entitled less institutional expenses), in contrast, are based on the number of enrollees and significant estimating risk relating to institutional utilization and associated costs incurred by assigned health plan enrollees. the medical groups also receive other incentive payments from health plans based on specified performance and quality criteria and the amounts accrued when earned can be reasonably estimated. differences between actual contract settlements and estimated receivables and payables are recorded in the year of final settlement. in 2013, hcp obtained a restricted knox-keene license in california, which now permits hcp to enter into contracts with health plans allowing it to recognize revenue under global capitation arrangements for both professional and institutional services.
impairments of long-lived assets. we account for impairments of long-lived assets, which include property and equipment, equity investments in non-consolidated businesses, amortizable intangible assets, indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill, in accordance with the provisions of applicable accounting guidance. goodwill is not amortized, but is assessed for valuation impairment as circumstances warrant and at least annually. an impairment charge would be recorded to the extent that the carrying amount of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds its implied fair value. impairment reviews on other long-lived assets are also performed at least annually and whenever a change in condition occurs which indicates that the carrying amounts of assets may not be recoverable.
such changes include changes in our business strategies and plans, changes in the quality or structure of our relationships with our partners, changes in reimbursement rates, deteriorating operating performance of individual dialysis centers or other operations. we use a variety of factors to assess the realizable value of assets depending on their nature and use. such assessments are primarily based upon the sum of expected future undiscounted net cash flows over the expected period the asset will be utilized, as well as market values and conditions. the computation of expected future undiscounted net cash flows can be complex and involves a number of subjective assumptions. any changes in these factors or assumptions could impact the assessed value of an asset and result in an impairment charge equal to the amount by which its carrying value exceeds its actual or estimated fair value.
accounting for income taxes. our income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management's best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous state and foreign jurisdictions. significant judgments and estimates are required in determining the consolidated income tax expense. deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. in evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets within the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income, tax-planning strategies, and results of recent operations, assumptions about the amount of future state, federal, and foreign pre-tax operating income adjusted for items that do not have tax consequences. the assumptions about future taxable income require significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. to the extent that recovery is not likely, a valuation allowance is established. the allowance is regularly reviewed and updated for changes in circumstances that would cause a change in judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax assets.
variable compensation accruals. we estimate variable compensation accruals quarterly based upon the amounts expected to be earned and paid out resulting from the achievement of certain teammate-specific and/or corporate financial and operating goals. our estimates, which include compensation incentives for bonuses and other awards, including long-term incentive programs, are updated periodically based on changes in our economic condition or cash flows that could ultimately impact the actual final award. actual results reflected in each fiscal quarter may vary due to the subjectivity involved in anticipating fulfillment of specific and/or corporate goals, as well as the final determination and approval of amounts by our board of directors, as applicable.
consolidation of variable interest entities. we rely on the operating activities of certain entities that we do not directly own or control, but over which we have indirect influence and of which we are considered the primary beneficiary. under accounting guidance applicable to variable interest entities, we have determined that these entities are to be included in our consolidated financial statements. the analyses upon which these determinations rest are complex, involve uncertainties, and require significant judgment on various matters, some of which could be subject to reasonable disagreement. while these determinations have a meaningful effect on the description and classification of various amounts in our consolidated financial statements, non-consolidation of these entities would not have had a material effect on our results of operations.
86
purchase accounting valuation estimates. we make various assumptions and estimates regarding the valuation of tangible and intangible assets, liabilities, contingent earn-out consideration, noncontrolling interests and contractual as well as non-contractual contingencies associated with our acquisitions. these assumptions can have a material effect on our balance sheet valuations and the related amount of depreciation and amortization expense and any contingent earn-out adjustments that will be recognized in the future.
fair value estimates. we have recorded certain assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests (temporary equity) subject to put provisions at fair value. the fasb defines fair value which is measured based upon certain valuation techniques that include inputs and assumptions that market participants would use in pricing assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions. we have measured the fair values of our applicable assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions based upon certain market inputs and assumptions that are either observable or unobservable in determining fair values and have also classified these assets, liabilities and noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions into the appropriate fair value hierarchy levels. the fair value of our investments available for sale are based upon quoted market prices from active markets and the fair value of our swap and cap agreements were based upon valuation models utilizing the income approach and commonly accepted valuation techniques that use inputs from closing prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets as well as other relevant observable market inputs at quoted intervals such as current interest rates, forward yield curves, implied volatility and credit default swap pricing. the fair value of funds on deposit with third parties are based primarily on quoted close or bid market prices of the same or similar assets. the fair value of our contingent earn-out considerations were primarily based upon unobservable inputs including projected ebitda, the estimated probabilities of achieving other performance targets and the estimated probability of the earn-out payments being made by using option pricing techniques and simulation models of expected ebitda and operating income and other performance targets. for our noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions we have estimated the fair values of these based upon either the higher of a liquidation value of net assets or an average multiple of earnings based on historical earnings, patient mix and other performance indicators that can affect future results, as well as other factors. the estimate of the fair values of the noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions involves significant judgments and assumptions and may not be indicative of the actual values at which the noncontrolling interests may ultimately be settled, which could vary significantly from our current estimates. the estimated fair values of the noncontrolling interests subject to put provisions can also fluctuate and the implicit multiple of earnings at which these noncontrolling interests obligations may be settled will vary depending upon market conditions including potential purchasers' access to the capital markets, which can impact the level of competition for dialysis and non-dialysis related businesses, the economic performance of these businesses and the restricted marketability of the third-party owners' noncontrolling interests.
stock-based compensation. stock-based compensation awards are measured at their estimated fair values on the date of grant if settled in shares or at their estimated fair values at the end of each reporting period if settled in cash. the value of stock-based awards so measured is recognized as compensation expense on a cumulative straight-line basis over the vesting terms of the awards, adjusted for expected forfeitures. we estimate the fair value of stock awards using complex option pricing models that rely heavily on estimates from us about uncertain future events, including the expected term of the awards, the expected future volatility of our stock price, and expected future risk-free interest rates.
medical liability claims associated with hcp. the medical groups are responsible for the medical services that associated physicians and contracted hospitals provide to assigned hmo enrollees. we provide medical services to health plan enrollees through a network of contracted providers under sub-capitation and ffs arrangements, company-operated clinics and staff physicians. medical costs for professional and institutional services rendered by contracted providers are recorded as medical expenses and hospital expenses, respectively, in the consolidated statements of income. costs for operating medical clinics, including the salaries of medical and non-medical personnel and support costs, are recorded in clinic support and other operating costs.
an estimate of amounts due to contracted physicians, hospitals, and other professional providers is included in medical payables in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. medical claims payable include claims reported as of the balance sheet date and estimates of ibnr. such estimates are developed using actuarial methods and are based on many variables, including the utilization of healthcare services, historical payment patterns, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, changes in membership, and other factors. the estimation methods and the resulting reserves are continually reviewed and updated. many of the medical contracts are complex in nature and may be subject to differing interpretations regarding amounts due for the provision of various services. we engage a third-party actuary to assist in the evaluation of the estimated ibnr reserves. such differing interpretations may not come to light until a substantial period of time has passed following the contract implementation. any adjustments to reserves are reflected in current operations.
significant new accounting standards new accounting standards we elected to early adopt accounting standards update (asu) no. 2015-03, interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs, retrospectively effective as of january 1, 2014. the amendments in this asu require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from
87
the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. in august 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-15, interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30) - presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements, which clarifies that the treatment of debt issuance costs related to a line-of-credit may continue to be deferred in an asset position and subsequently amortized over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected by the amendments in this asu. adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
we elected to early adopt asu no. 2015-17, income taxes (asc 740): balance sheet classification of deferred taxes, retrospectively effective as of january 1, 2014. the amendments in this asu serve to simplify the presentation of deferred income taxes. the update requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position. adoption of this standard did not have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02, leases (topic 842). the amendments in this asu revise the accounting related to lessee accounting. under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize a lease liability and a right-of-use asset for all leases. the new lease guidance also simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. the amendments in this asu are effective for us beginning on january 1, 2019 and should be applied through a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. early adoption is permitted. we have not yet determined what the effects of adopting this asu will be on our consolidated financial statements.
in january 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-01, financial statements - overall (subtopic 825-10): recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities. the amendments in this asu revise the accounting related to (i) the classification and measurement of investments in equity securities and (ii) the presentation of certain fair value changes for financial liabilities at fair value. the amendments in this asu are effective for us beginning on january 1, 2018 and should be applied through a cumulative-effect adjustment to the statement of financial position. early adoption is permitted under certain circumstances. the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in september 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-16, business combinations (topic 805): simplifying the accounting for measurement-period adjustments. the amendments in this asu allow an acquirer to recognize adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. this will be inclusive of the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects as a result of the change to provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. the amendments in this asu became effective for us on january 1, 2016, and are applied prospectively. early adoption was permitted. the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in july 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-11, inventory (topic 330): simplifying the measurement of inventory. the amendments in this asu apply to all inventory with the exception of inventory measured using last-in, first-out or the retail inventory method. this asu simplifies the measurement of inventory. under this new standard, inventory should be measured using the lower of cost and net realizable value. net realizable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. the amendments in this asu are effective for us beginning january 1, 2017 and should be applied prospectively. early adoption is permitted. the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in april 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-05, customer's accounting for fees paid in a cloud computing arrangement, which amends asc 350-40, intangibles-goodwill and other-internal-use software. this asu provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud computing arrangement includes a software license. if an arrangement includes a software license, the accounting for the license will be consistent with licenses of other intangible assets. if the arrangement does not include a license, the arrangement will be accounted for as a service contract. the amendments in this asu are effective for us beginning january 1, 2016 and can be adopted prospectively or retrospectively. we are currently assessing the effects of adopting this asu on our consolidated financial statements, however, the adoption is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in february 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-02, consolidation (topic 810): amendments to the consolidation analysis. the amendments in the asu clarify consolidation of vies regarding which reporting entity consolidates the legal entity. the amendments in the asu became effective for us on january 1, 2016. the adoption of this standard is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers, which requires an entity to recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. the asu will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in u.s. gaap when it becomes effective. the new standard as issued
88
was to be effective for us on january 1, 2017. in july 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-14, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606): deferral of effective date. this guidance approves a one-year deferral of the effective date of asu 2014-09. the final asu now requires us to adopt this standard on january 1, 2018. early application is permitted as of the initial effective date of january 1, 2017, but not prior to that date. the standard permits the use of either the retrospective or cumulative effect transition method. we have assembled an internal revenue task force that meets regularly to discuss and evaluate the overall impact this guidance will have on the various revenue streams in the consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, as well as the expected timing and method of adoption. we have not yet selected a transition method nor have we determined the effect of the standard on our ongoing financial reporting.
