item 1a. risk factors risk factors, which could cause actual results to differ from our expectations and which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations, are discussed below and elsewhere in this annual report. the risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. if any of the risks or uncertainties described below or any additional risks and uncertainties actually occur, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. in particular, forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified. see "special note regarding forward-looking statements".
risks relating to our business we may be unable to effectively manage our rapid growth or achieve anticipated growth, which could place significant strain on our management personnel, systems and resources.
we have experienced rapid growth and significantly expanded our business over the past several years, both organically and through acquisitions. we have also grown our support function headcount, including finance, legal and other areas. our rapid growth has placed and will continue to place significant demands on our management and our administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. continued expansion increases the challenges we face in:
•   recruiting, training and retaining sufficiently skilled it professionals and management personnel;
•   adhering to and further improving our high-quality and process execution standards and maintaining high levels of client satisfaction;
•   managing a larger number of clients in a greater number of industries and locations;
•   maintaining effective oversight of personnel and delivery centers;
•   coordinating effectively across geographies and business units to execute our strategic plan; and
•   developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal systems.
moreover, we intend to continue our expansion for the foreseeable future to pursue existing and potential market opportunities. as we introduce new services or enter into new markets, we may face new market, technological, operational, compliance and administrative risks and challenges, and we may not be able to mitigate these risks and challenges to successfully grow those services or markets. as a result of these problems associated with expansion, we may not be able to achieve our anticipated growth and our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
11
our failure to successfully attract, train and retain new it professionals with the qualifications necessary to fulfill the needs of our existing and future clients could materially adversely affect our ability to provide high quality services to those clients.
the ability to hire and retain highly-skilled information technology professionals is critical to our success. to maintain and renew existing engagements and obtain new business, we must attract, train and retain skilled it professionals, including experienced management it professionals. competition for it professionals can be intense in the markets where we operate and, accordingly, we may not be able to hire or retain all of the it professionals necessary to meet our ongoing and future business needs. consequently, we may have to forgo projects due to lack of resources or inability to staff projects optimally.
a significant increase in the attrition rate among it professionals with specialized skills could decrease our operating efficiency and productivity and could lead to a decline in demand for our services. in addition, any reductions in headcount for economic or business reasons, however temporary, could negatively affect our reputation as an employer and our ability to hire it professionals to meet our business requirements.
increases in wages for our it professionals and other compensation expense could prevent us from sustaining our competitive advantage and result in dilution to our stockholders.
wage costs for it professionals in cis, cee and apac, and certain other geographies in which we operate are lower than comparable wage costs in more developed countries. however, wage costs in the service industry in these countries may increase at a faster rate than in the past, which ultimately may make us less competitive unless we are able to increase the efficiency and productivity of our it professionals as well as the prices we can charge for our services. increases in wage costs may reduce our profitability.
additionally, we have granted certain equity-based awards under our stock incentive plans and entered into certain other stock-based compensation arrangements in the past, and expect to continue this practice. the expenses associated with stock-based compensation may reduce the attractiveness to us of issuing equity awards under our equity incentive plan. however, if we do not grant equity awards, or if we reduce the value of equity awards we grant, we may not be able to attract and retain key personnel. if we grant more equity awards to attract and retain key personnel, the expenses associated with such additional equity awards could materially adversely affect our results of operations. the issuance of equity-based compensation would also result in additional dilution to our stockholders.
our success depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our senior executives and other key personnel, and our business may be severely disrupted if we lose their services.
our future success heavily depends upon the continued services of our senior executives and other key employees. if one or more of our senior executives or key employees are unable or unwilling to continue in their present positions, it could disrupt our business operations, and we may not be able to replace them easily or at all. in addition, competition for senior executives and key personnel in our industry is intense, and we may be unable to retain our senior executives and key personnel or attract and retain new senior executives and key personnel in the future, in which case our business may be severely disrupted.
if any of our senior executives or key personnel, such as business development managers, joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose clients, suppliers, know-how and key it professionals and staff members to them. additionally, there could be unauthorized disclosure or use of our technical knowledge, practices or procedures by such personnel. if any dispute arises between our senior executives or key personnel and us, any non-competition, non-solicitation and non-disclosure agreements we have with our senior executives or key personnel might not provide effective protection to us, especially in cis and cee countries where some of our senior executives and key employees reside, in light of uncertainties with legal systems in cis and cee countries.
our global business exposes us to operational and economic risks.
we are a global company with substantial international operations. our revenues from clients outside north america represented 45.9%, 48.5% and 47.8% of our revenues excluding reimbursable expenses for 2015, 2014 and 2013. the majority of our employees, along with our development and delivery centers, are located in the cis and cee. the global nature of our business creates operational and economic risks.
risks inherent in conducting international operations include:
•foreign exchange fluctuations;
•application and imposition of protective legislation and regulations relating to import or export;
•difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and/or contractual rights;
12
•complying with a wide variety of foreign laws;
•potentially adverse tax consequences;
•tariffs, quotas and other trade protection measures;
•competition from companies with more experience in a particular country or with international operations;
•potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable;
•overall foreign policy and variability of foreign economic conditions.
we earn our revenues and incur our expenses in multiple currencies, which exposes us to foreign exchange risks relating to revenues, receivables, compensation, purchases and capital expenditures. currency exchange volatility caused by political or economic instability or other factors, could materially impact our results. see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk." the it services industry is particularly sensitive to the economic environment and the industry tends to decline during general economic downturns. given our significant revenues from north america and europe, if those economies further weaken or slow, pricing for our services may be depressed and our clients may reduce or postpone their technology spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability.
war, terrorism, other acts of violence or natural or manmade disasters may affect the markets in which we operate, our clients, and our service delivery.
our business may be negatively affected by instability, disruption or destruction in a geographic region in which we operate, regardless of cause, including war, terrorism, riot, civil insurrection or social unrest; and natural or manmade disasters, including famine, flood, fire, earthquake, storm or disease. such events may cause clients to delay their decisions on spending for it services and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. these events also pose significant risks to our people and to physical facilities and operations around the world, whether the facilities are ours or those of our clients, which could materially adversely affect our financial results. by disrupting communications and travel, giving rise to travel restrictions, and increasing the difficulty of obtaining and retaining highly-skilled and qualified it professionals, these events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver services to some or all of our clients. travel restrictions could cause us to incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain the skilled it professionals we need for our operations. in addition, any extended disruptions of electricity, other public utilities or network services at our facilities, as well as system failures at, or security breaches in, our facilities or systems, could also adversely affect our ability to serve our clients.
emerging markets are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including significant legal, economic, tax and political risks.
we have significant operations in cis and cee countries, india and other asian countries, which are generally considered to be emerging markets. investors in emerging markets should be aware that these markets are vulnerable to market downturns and economic slowdowns elsewhere in the world and are subject to greater risks than more developed markets, including foreign laws and regulations and the potential imposition of trade or foreign exchange restrictions or sanctions, tax increases, fluctuations in exchange rates, inflation and unstable political and military situations, and labor issues. the economies of certain countries where we operate have experienced periods of considerable instability and have been subject to abrupt downturns. moreover, emerging markets have less established legal systems, which can be characterized by gaps in regulatory structures, selective enforcement of laws, and limited judicial and administrative guidance on legislation, among other limitations. financial problems or an increase in the perceived risks associated with investing in emerging economies could dampen foreign investment in these markets and materially adversely affect their economies. such economic instability and any future deterioration in the international economic situation could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
13
our operations may be adversely affected by ongoing conflict in ukraine.
continuing military activities in ukraine have combined with ukraine's weak economic conditions to fuel ongoing uncertainty in ukraine, russia and other markets. in response to the actions in ukraine, the eu, united states, canada, japan, switzerland and other nations have imposed, and may continue imposing further, economic sanctions, including specific sanctions on certain russian entities (specifically in the energy, defense and financial sectors). restored stability of ukraine's political and economic conditions may not occur for some time and there could be increased violence or economic distress in ukraine or other areas in the region.
we have delivery centers in the ukraine employing approximately 3,734 it professionals, none of which are located in the most volatile regions of eastern ukraine. we also have delivery centers in russia, employing approximately 2,235 it professionals located in various cities including moscow and st. petersburg. to date we have not experienced any interruption in our office infrastructure, utility supply or internet connectivity needed to support our clients. we continue to monitor the situation closely. our contingency plans include relocating work or personnel to other locations and adding new locations, as appropriate. we have no way to predict the progress or outcome of the situation, as the political and civil unrest and reported military activities are fluid and beyond our control.  prolonged political instability in ukraine, sanctions against russia and russia's potential response to such sanctions could have a material adverse effect on our operations.
we do not have long-term commitments from our clients, and our clients may terminate contracts before completion or choose not to renew contracts. a loss of business from significant clients could materially affect our results of operations.
our ability to maintain close relationships with our major clients is essential to the growth and profitability of our business. however, the volume of work performed for any specific client is likely to vary from year to year, especially since we generally are not our clients' exclusive it services provider and we do not have long-term commitments from any clients to purchase our services. the ability of our clients to terminate master services agreements and work orders with or without cause makes our future revenues uncertain, as our clients are generally not obligated for any long-term commitments to us. although a substantial majority of our revenues are generated from clients who also contributed to our revenues during the prior year, our engagements with our clients are typically for projects that are singular in nature. therefore, we must seek to obtain new engagements when our current engagements end. our failure to perform or observe any contractual obligations could also result in termination or non-renewal of a contract, as could a change of control of our company.
there are a number of factors relating to our clients that are outside of our control, which might lead them to terminate a contract or project with us, including a client's:
•   financial difficulties;
•   corporate restructuring, or mergers and acquisitions activity;
•   change in strategic priorities, resulting in elimination of the impetus for the project or a reduced level of technology spending;
•   change in outsourcing strategy resulting in moving more work to the client's in-house technology departments or to our competitors; and
•   replacement of existing software with packaged software supported by licensors.
termination or non-renewal of a customer contract could cause us to experience a higher than expected number of unassigned employees and an increase in our cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues, until we are able to reduce or reallocate our headcount. the loss of any of our major clients, or a significant decrease in the volume of work they outsource to us or the price at which we sell our services to them, if not replaced by new client engagements, could materially adversely affect our revenues and thus our results of operations.
14
our revenues are highly dependent on a limited number of industries, and any decrease in demand for outsourced services in these industries could reduce our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
a substantial portion of our clients is concentrated in five specific industry verticals: financial services; software and hi-tech; media and entertainment; travel and consumer; and life sciences and healthcare. our business growth largely depends on continued demand for our services from clients in these five industry verticals and other industries that we may target in the future, as well as on trends in these industries to outsource it services.
a downturn in any of our targeted industries, a slowdown or reversal of the trend to outsource it services in any of these industries or the introduction of regulations that restrict or discourage companies from outsourcing could result in a decrease in the demand for our services and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, a worsening of economic conditions in the financial services industry, or significant consolidation in any of these industries may reduce the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. other developments in the industries in which we operate may also lead to a decline in the demand for our services, and we may not be able to successfully anticipate and prepare for any such changes. decreased demand for our services, or increased pricing pressure on us from our clients in these key industries could adversely affect our results of operations.
if our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding the cost and complexity of performing our work, or if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, then our contracts could be unprofitable.
we negotiate pricing terms with our clients utilizing a range of pricing structures and conditions. we face a number of risks when pricing our contracts. our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts, assumptions and predictions about our projects, the marketplace and global economic conditions (including foreign exchange volatility). many of our projects entail the coordination of operations and personnel in multiple locations with different skill sets and competencies. our pricing and cost estimates for the work that we perform may include anticipated long-term cost savings from transformational and other initiatives that we expect to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. because of these inherent uncertainties, we may underprice our projects (particularly with fixed-price contracts), fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts. any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of this work, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable. moreover, if we are not able to pass on to our clients increases in compensation cost (whether driven by competition for talent or ordinary-course pay increases) or charge premium prices when justified by market demand or the type of service, our profitability may suffer.
in addition, a number of our contracts contain pricing terms that condition a portion of the payment of fees by the client on our ability to meet defined performance goals, service levels and completion schedules set forth in the contracts. our failure to meet such performance goals, service levels or completion schedules or our failure to meet client expectations in such contracts may result in less profitable or unprofitable engagements.
our profitability will suffer if we are not able to maintain our resource utilization levels and productivity levels.
our profitability is significantly impacted by our utilization levels of fixed-cost resources, including human resources as well as other resources such as computers and office space, and our ability to increase our productivity levels. we have expanded our operations significantly in recent years, which has materially increased both our headcount and fixed overhead costs. some of our it professionals are specially trained to work for specific clients or on specific projects and some of our offshore development centers are dedicated to specific clients or specific projects. our ability to manage our utilization levels depends significantly on our ability to hire and train high-performing it professionals and to staff projects appropriately, and on the general economy and its effect on our clients and their business decisions regarding the use of our services. if we experience a slowdown or stoppage of work for any client or on any project for which we have dedicated it professionals or facilities, we may not be able to reallocate these it professionals and facilities to other clients and projects to keep their utilization and productivity levels high. if we are not able to maintain optimal resource utilization levels without corresponding cost reductions or price increases, our profitability will suffer.
if we are not successful in managing increasingly large and complex projects, we may not achieve our financial goals and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
to successfully perform larger and more complex projects, we need to establish and maintain effective, close relationships with our clients, continue high levels of client satisfaction and develop a thorough understanding of our clients' operations. in addition, we may face a number of challenges managing larger and more complex projects, including:
•   maintaining high-quality control and process execution standards;
15
•   maintaining planned resource utilization rates on a consistent basis and using an efficient mix of onsite and offshore staffing;
•   maintaining productivity levels and implementing necessary process improvements; and
•   controlling costs.
our ability to successfully manage large and complex projects depends significantly on the skills of our management personnel and it professionals, some of whom do not have experience managing large-scale or complex projects. in addition, large and complex projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and there is a risk that a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. such cancellations or delays may make it difficult to plan our project resource requirements. if we fail to successfully obtain engagements for large and complex projects, we may not achieve our revenue growth and other financial goals. even if we are successful in obtaining such engagements, a failure by us to effectively manage these large and complex projects could damage our reputation, cause us to lose business, compress our margins and adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we face risks associated with having a long selling and implementation cycle for our services that require us to make significant resource commitments prior to realizing revenues for those services.
we have a long selling cycle for our it services, which requires significant investment of human resources and time by both our clients and us. before committing to use our services, potential clients require us to expend substantial time and resources educating them on the value of our services and our ability to meet their requirements. therefore, our selling cycle is subject to many risks and delays over which we have little or no control, including our clients' decision to choose alternatives to our services (such as other it services providers or in-house resources) and the timing of our clients' budget cycles and approval processes. if our sales cycle unexpectedly lengthens for one or more large projects, it would negatively affect the timing of our revenues and hinder our revenue growth. for certain clients, we may begin work and incur costs prior to executing a contract. a delay in our ability to obtain a signed agreement or other persuasive evidence of an arrangement, or to complete certain contract requirements in a particular quarter, could reduce our revenues in that quarter.
implementing our services also involves a significant commitment of resources over an extended period of time from both our clients and us. our clients may experience delays in obtaining internal approvals or delays associated with technology, thereby further delaying the implementation process. our current and future clients may not be willing or able to invest the time and resources necessary to implement our services, and we may fail to close sales with potential clients to whom we have devoted significant time and resources. any significant failure to generate revenues or delays in recognizing revenues after incurring costs related to our sales or services process could materially adversely affect our business.
if we are unable to collect our receivables from, or bill our unbilled services to, our clients, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.
our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. we usually bill and collect on relatively short cycles. we maintain allowances against receivables. actual losses on client balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and, as a result, we might need to adjust our allowances. there is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. weak or volatile macroeconomic and global financial system conditions could also result in financial difficulties for our clients, and, as a result, could cause clients to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance, or default on their payment obligations to us. timely collection of client balances also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues. if we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of and/or be unable to collect our client balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. moreover, in the event of delays in payment from our governmental and quasi-governmental clients, we may have difficulty collecting on receivables owed.
we face intense competition for clients and opportunities from onshore and offshore it services companies, and increased competition, our inability to compete successfully against competitors, pricing pressures or loss of market share could materially adversely affect our business.
the market for it services is highly competitive, and we expect competition to persist and intensify. we face competition from offshore it services providers in other outsourcing destinations with low wage costs such as india and china, as well as competition from large, global consulting and outsourcing firms and in-house it departments of large corporations. clients tend to engage multiple it services providers instead of using an exclusive it services provider, which could reduce our revenues to the extent that clients obtain services from other competing it services providers. clients may prefer it services providers that have more locations or that are based in countries more cost-competitive or more stable than some of the emerging markets in which we operate.
16
current or prospective clients may elect to perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from transferring services from onshore to offshore it services providers to avoid negative perceptions that may be associated with using an offshore it services provider. this shift away from offshore outsourcing would seriously harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide services from within the countries in which our clients operate.
some of our present and potential competitors may have substantially greater financial, marketing or technical resources than epam. client buying patterns can change if clients become more price sensitive and accepting of low-cost suppliers with less emphasis on quality. therefore, we cannot assure you that we will be able to retain our clients while competing against such competitors. increased competition, our inability to compete successfully, pricing pressures or loss of market share could materially adversely affect our business.
our ability to generate and retain business depends on our reputation in the marketplace.
our services are marketed to clients and prospective clients based on a number of factors. since many of our specific client engagements involve unique services and solutions, our corporate reputation is a significant factor in our clients' evaluation of whether to engage our service, and our clients' perception of our ability to add value through our services is critical to the profitability of our engagements. we believe the epam brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees.
however, our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former clients, competitors, vendors, adversaries in legal proceedings, government regulators, as well as members of the investment community and the media. there is a risk that negative information about our company, even if based on false rumor or misunderstanding, could adversely affect our business. in particular, damage to our reputation could be difficult and time-consuming to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our recruitment and retention efforts. damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the epam brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us.
if we are unable to adapt to rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards we may lose clients and our business could be materially adversely affected.
rapidly changing technologies, methodologies and evolving industry standards are inherent in the market for our services. our future success will depend in part upon our ability to anticipate developments in it services, enhance our existing services and to develop and introduce new services to keep pace with such changes and developments and to meet changing client needs. the process of developing our client solutions is extremely complex and is expected to become increasingly complex and expensive in the future due to the introduction of new platforms, operating systems, technologies and methodologies. our ability to keep pace with, anticipate or respond to changes in technology, methodology and business is subject to a number of risks, including that:
•   we may find it difficult or costly to update our services, applications, tools and software and to develop new services quickly enough to meet our clients' needs;
•   we may find it difficult or costly to make some features of our software work effectively and securely over the internet or with new or changed operating systems;
•   we may find it difficult or costly to update our software and services to keep pace with business, evolving industry standards, methodologies, regulatory and other developments in the industries where our clients operate; and
•   we may find it difficult to maintain a high level of quality in implementing new technologies and methodologies.
we may not be successful in anticipating or responding to these developments in a timely manner, or if we do respond, the services, technologies or methodologies we develop or implement may not be successful in the marketplace. further, services, technologies or methodologies that are developed by our competitors may render our services non-competitive or obsolete. our failure to enhance our existing services and to develop and introduce new services to promptly address the needs of our clients could cause us to lose clients and materially adversely affect our business.
17
undetected software design defects, errors or failures may result in loss of or delay in market acceptance of our services or in liabilities that could materially adversely affect our business.
our software development solutions involve a high degree of technological complexity, have unique specifications and could contain design defects or software errors that are difficult to detect and correct. errors or defects may result in the loss of current clients and loss of, or delay in, revenues, loss of market share, loss of client data, a failure to attract new clients or achieve market acceptance, diversion of development resources and increased support or service costs. we cannot provide assurance that, despite testing by our clients and us, errors will not be found in new software product development solutions, which could result in litigation, other claims for damages against us, as well as reputational harm and thus could materially adversely affect our business.
security breaches and other disruptions to network security could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer.
in the ordinary course of business, we have access to, collect, store, process and transmit sensitive or confidential data, including intellectual property, our proprietary business information and that of our clients, and personally identifiable information of our clients and employees, in our data centers and on our networks. the secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to human error, malfeasance or other disruptions. any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, misappropriated, lost or stolen. any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under applicable laws and regulatory penalties. such a breach or disruption could also disrupt our operations and the services we provide to customers, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our products and services, as well as require us to expend significant resources to protect against further breaches and to rectify problems caused by such a breach or disruption. any of these results could adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position.
a significant failure in our telecommunications or it infrastructure or systems could harm our service model, which could result in a reduction of our revenue and otherwise disrupt our business.
part of our service model is to maintain active voice and data communications, financial control, accounting, customer service and other data processing systems between our clients' offices, our delivery centers and our client management locations. moreover, many of our key systems for corporate operations are internally-developed applications. our business activities may be materially disrupted in the event of a partial or complete failure of any of these internet, it or communication systems, which could be caused by, among other things, software malfunction, computer virus attacks, conversion errors due to system upgrading, damage from fire, earthquake, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry, demands placed on internet infrastructure by growing numbers of users and time spent online or increased bandwidth requirements or other events beyond our control. internally-developed systems may not possess the same level of control, security or support that traditional third-party systems and applications do. loss of all or part of the infrastructure or systems for a period of time could hinder our performance or our ability to complete client projects on time which, in turn, could lead to a reduction of our revenue or otherwise materially adversely affect our business and business reputation.
we may be liable to our clients for damages caused by the disclosure of confidential information, system failures or errors.
if any person, including any of our personnel, misappropriates sensitive or confidential client information, including personally identifiable information, we could be subject to significant liability from our clients or from our clients' customers for breaching contractual confidentiality provisions or privacy laws. some of our client agreements do not limit our potential liability for certain occurrences, including breaches of confidentiality and infringement indemnity. furthermore, breaches of confidentiality may entitle the aggrieved party to equitable remedies, including injunctive relief. any such breach or misappropriation resulting in unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client information, or a violation of intellectual property rights, whether through employee misconduct, breach of our computer systems, systems failure or otherwise, may subject us to liabilities, damage our reputation and cause us to lose clients.
18
if we cause disruptions to our clients' businesses or provide inadequate service, our clients may have claims for substantial damages against us, which could cause us to lose clients, have a negative effect on our reputation and adversely affect our results of operations.
if our it professionals make errors in the course of delivering services to our clients or fail to consistently meet service requirements of a client, these errors or failures could disrupt the client's business, which could result in a reduction in our revenues or a claim for substantial damages against us. furthermore, any errors by our employees in the performance of services for a client, or poor execution of such services, could result in a client terminating our engagement and seeking damages from us. in addition, a failure or inability to meet a contractual requirement could seriously damage our reputation and affect our ability to attract new business. any failure in a client's system or breach of security relating to the services we provide to the client could damage our reputation or result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for such failure. the successful assertion of one or more large claims against us, whether or not successful could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time we may invest substantial cash in new facilities and physical infrastructure, and our profitability could be reduced if our business does not grow proportionately.
as our business grows, we may invest in new facilities and physical infrastructure. we may encounter cost overruns or project delays in connection with new facilities. these expansions will likely increase our fixed costs and if we are unable to grow our business and revenues proportionately, our profitability may be reduced.
if we fail to integrate or manage acquired companies efficiently, or if the acquired companies do not perform to our expectations, our overall profitability and growth plans could be materially adversely affected.
part of our expansion strategy includes strategic acquisitions. these transactions involve significant challenges, including that the risk that an acquisition does not advance our business strategy, that we do not achieve a satisfactory return on our investment, that we are unable to successfully integrate an acquired company's employees, client relationships and operations, and that the transactions divert significant management attention and financial resources from our ongoing business.
the primary value of many potential acquisition targets in the it services industry lies in their skilled it professionals and established client relationships. transitioning these types of assets to our business can be particularly difficult due to different corporate cultures and values, geographic distance and other intangible factors. these challenges could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and employees and increase our expenses, including causing us to incur significant one-time expenses and write-offs, and make it more difficult and complex for our management to effectively manage our operations. if we are not able to successfully integrate an acquired entity and its operations and to realize the benefits envisioned for such acquisition, our overall growth and profitability plans may be adversely affected.
our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors.
we conduct business globally and file income tax returns in multiple jurisdictions. our effective tax rate could be materially adversely affected by several factors, including changes in the amount of income taxed by or allocated to the various jurisdictions in which we operate that have differing statutory tax rates; changing tax laws, regulations and interpretations of such tax laws in multiple jurisdictions; and the resolution of issues arising from tax audits or examinations and any related interest or penalties.
the determination of our provision for income taxes and other tax liabilities requires estimation, judgment and calculations where the ultimate tax determination may not be certain. our determination of tax liability is always subject to review or examination by authorities in various jurisdictions.
if a tax authority in any jurisdiction reviews any of our tax returns and proposes an adjustment, including as a result of a determination that the transfer prices and terms we have applied are not appropriate, such an adjustment could have a negative impact on our business.
19
our earnings could be adversely affected if we change our intent not to repatriate earnings in the cis and cee or such earnings become subject to u.s. tax on a current basis.
we do not accrue incremental u.s. taxes on all cis and cee earnings as these earnings (as well as other foreign earnings for all periods) are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. while we have no plans to do so, events may occur in the future that could effectively force us to change our intent not to repatriate our foreign earnings. if we change our intent and repatriate such earnings, we will have to accrue the applicable amount of taxes associated with such earnings and pay taxes at a substantially higher rate than our effective income tax rate in 2015. these increased taxes could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
our operating results may be negatively impacted by the loss of certain tax benefits provided by the governments of belarus and other countries to companies in our industry.
our subsidiary in belarus is a member of the belarus hi-tech park, in which member technology companies are 100% exempt from belarusian income tax (which as of the date of this annual report was 18%) and from the value added tax for a period of 15 consecutive years effective july 1, 2006 and levied at a reduced rate on a variety of taxes. our subsidiary in russia benefits from a substantially reduced rate on social contributions and an exemption on value added tax in certain circumstances, which is a benefit to qualified it companies in russia. if these tax benefits are changed, terminated, not extended or comparable new tax incentives are not introduced, we expect that our effective income tax rate and/or our operating expenses would increase significantly, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - provision for income taxes."
there may be adverse tax and employment law consequences if the independent contractor status of our it professionals or the exempt status of our employees is successfully challenged.
some of our it professionals are retained as independent contractors. although we believe that we have properly classified these individuals as independent contractors, there is nevertheless a risk that the irs or another federal, state, provincial or foreign authority will take a different view. furthermore, the tests governing the determination of whether an individual is considered an independent contractor or an employee are typically fact sensitive and vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, as can the interpretation of the applicable laws. if a government authority or court enacts legislation or adopts regulations that change these classification tests or makes any adverse determination with respect to some or all of our independent contractors, we could incur significant costs, including for prior periods, in respect of tax withholding, social security taxes or payments, workers' compensation and unemployment contributions, and recordkeeping, or we may be required to modify our business model, any of which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. there is also a risk that we may be subject to significant monetary liabilities arising from fines or judgments as a result of any such actual or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws in this area. further, if it were determined that any of our independent contractors should be treated as employees, we could possibly incur additional liabilities under our applicable employee benefit plans.
in addition, we have classified nearly all of our u.s. employees as "exempt" under the federal labor standards act, or the flsa. if it were determined that any of our u.s. employees should be classified as "non-exempt" under the flsa, we may incur costs and liabilities for back wages, unpaid overtime, fines or penalties and/or be subject to employee litigation.
our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect us against losses.
although we maintain some insurance coverage, including professional liability insurance, property insurance coverage for certain of our facilities and equipment and business interruption insurance coverage for certain of our operations, we do not insure for all risks in our operations. if any claims for injury are brought against us, or if we experience any business disruption, litigation or natural disaster, we might incur substantial costs and diversion of resources.
most of the agreements we have entered into with our clients require us to purchase and maintain specified insurance coverage during the terms of the agreements, including commercial general insurance or public liability insurance, umbrella insurance, product liability insurance, and workers' compensation insurance. some of these types of insurance are not available on reasonable terms or at all in some countries in which we operate. although to date no client has brought any claims against us for such failure, our clients have the right to terminate these agreements as a result of such failure.
20
the banking and financial systems in less developed markets where we hold funds remain less developed than those in some more developed markets, and a banking crisis could place liquidity constraints on our business and materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
banking and other financial systems in the cis are less developed and regulated than in some more developed markets, and legislation relating to banks and bank accounts is subject to varying interpretations and inconsistent application. banks in the cis generally do not meet the banking standards of more developed markets, and the transparency of the banking sector lags behind international standards. furthermore, in russia, belarus and other cis countries, bank deposits made by corporate entities generally are not insured. as a result, the banking sector remains subject to periodic instability. another banking crisis, or the bankruptcy or insolvency of banks through which we receive or with which we hold funds, particularly in belarus, may result in the loss of our deposits or adversely affect our ability to complete banking transactions in that region, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition.
our business could be negatively affected if we incur legal liability, including with respect to our indemnification obligations, in connection with providing our solutions and services.
if we fail to meet our contractual obligations or otherwise breach obligations to our clients, we could be subject to legal liability. we may enter into non-standard agreements because we perceive an important economic opportunity or because our personnel did not adequately adhere to our guidelines. in addition, the contracting practices of our competitors may cause contract terms and conditions that are unfavorable to us to become standard in the marketplace. if we cannot or do not perform our obligations, we could face legal liability and our contracts might not always protect us adequately through limitations on the scope and/or amount of our potential liability. as a result, we might face significant legal liability and payment obligations, and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
we may not be able to prevent unauthorized use of our intellectual property, and our intellectual property rights may not be adequate to protect our business and competitive position.
we rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, unfair competition and trade secret laws, as well as intellectual property assignment and confidentiality agreements and other methods to protect our intellectual property rights. protection of intellectual property rights and confidentiality in some countries in which we operate may not be as effective as that in the united states or other countries with more mature legal systems.
we require our employees and independent contractors to enter into written agreements with us upon the commencement of their relationship with us, which assign to epam all intellectual property and work product made, developed or conceived by them in connection with their employment or engagement with us. these agreements also provide that any confidential or proprietary information disclosed or otherwise made available by us be kept confidential. we also enter into confidentiality and non-disclosure agreements with our clients and vendors. these agreements may not provide meaningful protection for trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use, misappropriation or disclosure of such trade secrets, know-how or other proprietary information. the steps we have taken may be inadequate to prevent the misappropriation of our and our clients' proprietary technology. reverse engineering, unauthorized copying or other misappropriation of our and our clients' proprietary technologies, tools and applications could enable third parties to benefit from our or our clients' technologies, tools and applications without paying us for doing so, and our clients may hold us liable for that act and seek damages and compensation from us, which could harm our business and competitive position.
we rely on our trademarks, trade names, service marks and brand names to distinguish our services and solutions from the services of our competitors, and have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks. we cannot assure you that our trademark applications will be approved. third parties may oppose our trademark applications, or otherwise challenge our use of our trademarks. in the event that our trademarks are successfully challenged, we could be forced to rebrand our services and solutions, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. further, we cannot assure you that competitors will not infringe our trademarks, or that we will have adequate resources to enforce our trademarks.
we may need to enforce our intellectual property rights through litigation. litigation relating to our intellectual property may not prove successful and might result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and management attention.
in addition, we rely on certain third-party software to conduct our business. if we lose the licenses which permit us to use such software, they may be difficult to replace and it may be costly to do so.
21
we may face intellectual property infringement claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend. if we fail to defend ourselves against such claims, we may lose significant intellectual property rights and may be unable to continue providing our existing services.
our success largely depends on our ability to use and develop our technology, tools, code, methodologies and services without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties, including patents, copyrights, trade secrets and trademarks. we may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violation of other intellectual property rights of third parties.
we typically indemnify clients who purchase our services and solutions against potential infringement of intellectual property rights, which subjects us to the risk of indemnification claims. these claims may require us to initiate or defend protracted and costly litigation on behalf of our clients, regardless of the merits of these claims and are often not subject to liability limits or exclusion of consequential, indirect or punitive damages. if any of these claims succeed, we may be forced to pay damages on behalf of our clients, redesign or cease offering our allegedly infringing services or solutions, or obtain licenses for the intellectual property such services or solutions allegedly infringe. if we cannot obtain all necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms, our clients may be forced to stop using our services or solutions.
the holders of patents and other intellectual property rights potentially relevant to our service offerings may make it difficult for us to acquire a license on commercially acceptable terms. in addition, we may be unaware of intellectual property registrations or applications relating to our services that may give rise to potential infringement claims against us. there may also be technologies licensed to and relied on by us that are subject to infringement or other corresponding allegations or claims by third parties, which may damage our ability to rely on such technologies.
further, our current and former employees and/or subcontractors could challenge our exclusive rights in the software they have developed in the course of their employment. in russia and certain other countries in which we operate, an employer is deemed to own the copyright in works created by its employees during the course, and within the scope, of their employment, but the employer may be required to satisfy additional legal requirements in order to make further use and dispose of such works. while we believe that we have complied with all such requirements, and have fulfilled all requirements necessary to acquire all rights in software developed by our independent contractors and/or subcontractors, these requirements are often ambiguously defined and enforced. as a result, we cannot assure that we would be successful in defending against any claim by our current or former employees, independent contractors and/or subcontractors challenging our exclusive rights over the use and transfer of works those employees, independent contractors and/or subcontractors created or requesting additional compensation for such works.
parties making infringement claims may be able to obtain an injunction to prevent us from delivering our services or using technology involving the allegedly infringing intellectual property. intellectual property litigation is expensive, time-consuming and could divert management's attention from our business. a successful infringement claim against us, whether with or without merit, could, among others things, require us to pay substantial damages, develop non-infringing technology, or rebrand our name or enter into royalty or license agreements that may not be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and would require us to cease making, licensing or using products that have infringed a third party's intellectual property rights. protracted litigation could also result in existing or potential clients deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our software product development services or solutions until resolution of such litigation, or could require us to indemnify our clients against infringement claims in certain instances. any of these actions, regardless of the outcome of litigation or merits of the claim, could damage our reputation and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to laws and regulations in the united states and other countries in which we operate, including export restrictions, economic sanctions and the foreign corrupt practices act, or fcpa, and similar anti-corruption laws. if we are not in compliance with applicable legal requirements, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and other remedial measures.
as a company with international operations, we are subject to many laws and regulations restricting our operations, including activities involving restricted countries, organizations, entities and persons that have been identified as unlawful actors or that are subject to u.s. sanctions imposed by the office of foreign assets control, or ofac, or other international sanctions that prohibit us from engaging in trade or financial transactions with certain countries, businesses, organizations and individuals. we are subject to the fcpa, which prohibits u.s. companies and their intermediaries from bribing foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or keeping business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment, and other laws concerning our international operations. the fcpa's foreign counterparts contain similar prohibitions, although varying in both scope and jurisdiction and not limited to transactions with government officials. we operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices.
22
we have a compliance program with controls and procedures designed to ensure our compliance with the fcpa, ofac sanctions, and similar sanctions, laws and regulations. the continuing implementation and ongoing development and monitoring of such program may be time consuming and expensive, and could result in the discovery of issues or violations with respect to the foregoing by us or our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors or agents of which we were previously unaware.
any violations of these or other laws, regulations and procedures by our employees, independent contractors, subcontractors and agents could expose us to administrative, civil or criminal penalties, fines or business restrictions and would adversely affect our reputation and the market for shares of our common stock and may require certain of our investors to disclose their investment in our company under certain state laws.
anti-outsourcing legislation and restrictions on immigration, if adopted, may affect our ability to compete for and provide services to clients in the united states or other countries, which could hamper our growth and cause our revenues to decline.
the majority of our employees are nationals of cis and cee countries, and in 2015, we added significant headcount in india. some of our projects require a portion of the work to be undertaken at our clients' facilities, which are sometimes located outside the cis, cee and india. the ability of our employees to work in necessary locations around the world depends on their ability to obtain the required visas and work permits, and this process can be lengthy and difficult. immigration laws are subject to legislative change, as well as to variations in standards of application and enforcement due to political forces and economic conditions.
in addition, the issue of companies outsourcing services to organizations operating in other countries is a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the united states, which is our largest source of revenues. many organizations and public figures in the united states and europe have publicly expressed concern about a perceived association between offshore outsourcing it services providers and the loss of jobs in their home countries, and there are legislative measures under consideration in the u.s. congress and in various state legislatures to address this concern. it is possible that pending legislation in the united states may impose restrictions on our ability to deploy employees holding u.s. work visas to client locations, which could adversely impact our business. it is generally difficult to predict the political and economic events that could affect immigration laws, or the restrictive impact they could have on obtaining or maintaining business visas for our employees. however, if enacted, such measures may broaden restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies and on government contracts with firms that outsource services directly or indirectly, impact private industry with measures such as tax disincentives or intellectual property transfer restrictions, and/or restrict the use of certain work visas.
our reliance on visas for a number of employees makes us vulnerable to such changes and variations as it affects our ability to staff projects with employees who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed. we may not be able to obtain a sufficient number of visas for our employees or we may encounter delays or additional costs in obtaining or maintaining such visas, in which case we may not be able to provide services to our clients on a timely and cost-effective basis or manage our sales and delivery centers as efficiently as we otherwise could, any of which could hamper our growth and cause our revenues to decline.
similarly, legislation enacted in certain european jurisdictions and any future legislation in european jurisdictions or any other country in which we have clients restricting the performance of services from an offshore location could also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, legislation enacted in the united kingdom, based on the 1977 ec acquired rights directive, has been adopted in some form by many european union countries, and provides that if a company outsources all or part of its business to an it services provider or changes its current it services provider, the affected employees of the company or of the previous it services provider are entitled to become employees of the new it services provider, generally on the same terms and conditions as their original employment. in addition, dismissals of employees who were employed by the company or the previous it services provider immediately prior to that transfer are automatically considered unfair dismissals that entitle such employees to compensation. as a result, in order to avoid unfair dismissal claims, we may have to offer, and become liable for, voluntary redundancy payments to the employees of our clients who outsource business to us in the united kingdom and other european union countries who have adopted similar laws. this legislation could materially affect our ability to obtain new business from companies in the united kingdom and european union and to provide outsourced services to companies in the united kingdom and european union in a cost-effective manner.
23
our cis subsidiaries can be forced into liquidation on the basis of formal noncompliance with certain legal requirements.
we operate in cis countries primarily through locally organized subsidiaries. certain provisions of russian law and the laws of other cis countries may allow a court to order liquidation of a locally organized legal entity on the basis of its formal noncompliance with certain requirements during formation, reorganization or during its operations. if the company fails to comply with certain requirements including those relating to minimum net assets, governmental or local authorities can seek the involuntary liquidation of such company in court, and the company's creditors will have the right to accelerate their claims or demand early performance of the company's obligations as well as demand compensation of any damages. if involuntary liquidation of any of our subsidiaries were to occur, such liquidation could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
we may need additional capital, and a failure by us to raise additional capital on terms favorable to us, or at all, could limit our ability to grow our business and develop or enhance our service offerings to respond to market demand or competitive challenges.
we believe that our current cash, cash flow from operations and revolving line of credit are sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. we may, however, require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions or other future developments, including any investments or acquisitions we may decide to pursue. if these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain another credit facility. the sale of additional equity securities could result in dilution to our stockholders. the incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could require us to agree to operating and financing covenants that would restrict our operations. our ability to obtain additional capital on acceptable terms is subject to a variety of uncertainties, including:
•   investors' perception of, and demand for, securities of it services companies;
•   conditions of the united states and other capital markets in which we may seek to raise funds;
•   our future results of operations and financial condition;
•   government regulation of foreign investment in the cis and cee and other countries in which we operate or in which we plan to expand; and
•   economic, political and other conditions both globally and in emerging markets.
our stock price is volatile.
our common stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by our competitors and us, projections or speculation about our business or that of our competitors by the media or investment analysts or uncertainty about current global economic conditions. the stock market, as a whole, also has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may have been unrelated to these companies' operating performance. furthermore, we believe our stock price should reflect future growth and profitability expectations and, if we fail to meet these expectations, our stock price may significantly decline.
compliance with changing regulation of corporate governance and public disclosure may result in additional expense and affect our operations.
changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act, sec regulations and new york stock exchange, or nyse, rules, are creating uncertainty for companies such as ours. these new or changed laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations in many cases due to their lack of specificity, and as a result, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies, which could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to disclosure and corporate governance practices. as a result, our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. if our efforts to comply with new or changed laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, our reputation may be harmed.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our audited consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. in addition to historical information, this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from management's expectations. factors that could cause such differences are discussed in the sections entitled "special note regarding forward-looking statements" and "item 1a. risk factors." we assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements.
executive summary we are a leading global provider of product development and software engineering solutions offering specialized technological consulting to many of the world's leading organizations. our clients depend on us to solve their complex technical challenges and rely on our expertise in core engineering, advanced technology, digital engagement and intelligent enterprise development. we are continuously venturing into new industries to expand our core industry client base in software and technology, financial services, media and entertainment, travel and hospitality, retail and distribution and life sciences and healthcare. our teams of developers, architects, strategists, engineers, designers, and product experts have the capabilities and skill sets to deliver business results.
our global delivery model and centralized support functions, combined with the benefits of scale from the shared use of fixed-cost resources enhance our productivity levels and enable us to better manage the efficiency of our global operations. as a result, we have created a delivery base whereby our applications, tools, methodologies and infrastructure allow us to seamlessly deliver services and solutions from our delivery centers to global clients across all geographies, further strengthening our relationships with them.
through increased specialization in focused verticals and a continued emphasis on strategic partnerships, we are leveraging our roots in software engineering to grow as a recognized brand in software development and end-to-end digital transformation services for our clients.
overview of 2015
during the year ended december 31, 2015, total revenues were $914.1 million, an increase of approximately 25.2% over $730.0 million reported for the same period a year ago. our revenue grew in north america, europe and apac geographies both organically and through acquisitions. our performance remained strong across our key verticals, with the life sciences and healthcare vertical emerging rapidly and showing growth of 72.8% during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
we remain committed to maintaining and improving a well-balanced portfolio of clients and seek to grow revenues from our existing clients by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements, as well as by growing our key client base through business development efforts and strategic acquisitions. during 2015, we made progress in this strategy and increased the reach of our offerings, both geographically and across industry verticals. during 2015, our top five and top ten customers accounted for 32.6% and 43.8% of consolidated revenues, respectively.
29
we continued our growth through strategic acquisitions in 2015.  through the july 2015 acquisition of navigationarts we added approximately 90 u.s.-based design consultants to epam's headcount.  the addition of navigationarts enhances our digital consulting, architecture and content solutions practice. in november 2015, we acquired ags, establishing epam's presence in india with over 1,000 it professionals to enhance our software product development services and test automation services offerings.  we expect these investments in epam's strategic growth to result in expanded service offerings and abilities for our clients.
summary of results of operations and non-gaap financial measures the following table presents a summary of our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                              2014                              2013
(in millions, except percentages)
revenues                    $914.1         100.0   %          $730.0         100.0   %          $555.1         100.0   %
income from operations       106.0          11.6                86.2          11.8                76.5          13.8
net income                    84.5           9.2                69.6           9.5                62.0          11.2
for 2015, we reported results of operations consistent with the continued execution of our strategy. during 2015, our operating expenses increased in line with our increase in revenues as we continue to invest in our people, processes and infrastructure to support our goal to deliver high-quality offerings that meet the needs of our customers, differentiate our value proposition from that of our competition, and drive scale and growth.
the key highlights of our consolidated results for 2015 were as follows:
•   the european segment continued its strong performance, generating revenue growth of $101.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2015, or 33.8% over 2014;
•   revenue increased in all our key verticals in 2015 as compared to 2014, specifically within the software and hi-tech and travel and consumer verticals, which grew $35.0 million and $57.5 million respectively.
•   income from operations grew 23.0% during the year ended december 31, 2015, over 2014, while income from operations as a percentage of revenues decreased by 0.2%. the slight decrease was due to a combination of factors, including an increase of $21.2 million in stock-based compensation expense driven by increases in headcount and acquisitions.
•   net income increased by 21.3% during 2015 compared with 2014. expressed as a percentage of revenues, net income remained consistent despite the adverse effect of a higher effective tax rate and significant foreign exchange rate changes in 2015 as compared to 2014.
•   our organic growth was complemented by two strategic acquisitions completed during 2015, which expanded our highly skilled employee base, geographic footprint and service capabilities. through acquisitions, we added capabilities in digital design as well as a delivery center in india.
the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
we have significant international operations, and we earn revenues and incur expenses in multiple currencies. when important to management's analysis, operating results are compared in "constant currency terms", a non-gaap financial measure that excludes the effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. the effect of rate fluctuations is excluded by translating the current period's revenues and expenses into u.s. dollars at the weighted average exchange rates of the prior period of comparison. see item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" of this report for a discussion of our exposure to exchange rates.
30
effects of inflation economies in cis countries, particularly belarus, russia, kazakhstan and ukraine, have periodically experienced high rates of inflation. periods of higher inflation may slow economic growth in those countries and as a result decrease demand for our services and negatively impact the business of our existing clients. inflation is likely to increase some of our expenses, which may reduce our profitability, as we may not be able to pass these increases on to our clients. generally, our largest expense that could be impacted by inflation is wages. we do not rely on borrowed funds for operations in those locations; therefore, increases in interest rates typical for inflationary environments do not currently pose a risk to our business.
ukraine has been experiencing political and economic turmoil with no improvement as of the date of this report, severely impacting the ukrainian economy. the ukrainian currency has been weakened and the negative outlook in the ukrainian economy continues. we have not seen a significant impact from the inflation in ukraine. additionally, we do not have clients located in ukraine.
inflation in russia increased late in 2014 due to weakening of the russian ruble and decreasing oil prices. during 2015, inflation in russia remained steady with some decline observed in recent months. our operations in russia have not been affected directly by local inflation; however, we have noted some decline in demand for our services by our clients in russia.
belarus has been experiencing hyperinflation over the last several years. the measures currently used by the belarusian government to control this recent inflation include monetary policy and pricing instruments, including increasing interest rates and the use of anti-monopoly laws to prevent the increase in pricing of goods, as well as privatization and using foreign borrowings to replenish the budget and stabilize the local currency. inflation, government actions to combat inflation and public speculation about possible additional actions have also contributed to economic uncertainty in belarus. belarus may experience high levels of inflation in the future. we have not seen a significant impact from the inflation in belarus as our largest expense there, wages, is denominated in u.s. dollars in order to provide stability in our business and for our employees. additionally, we do not have significant clients located in belarus and for the year ended december 31, 2015, we had approximately $1.5, or 0.2%, of our revenues denominated in belarusian rubles. the functional currency for financial reporting purposes in belarus is us dollars.
other locations where we have clients or perform services are not experiencing significant inflation and our business is not materially impacted by inflation in those locations.
periods of higher inflation may slow economic growth in those countries. inflation also is likely to increase some of our costs and expenses, which we may not be able to pass on to our clients and, as a result, may reduce our profitability. inflationary pressures could also affect our ability to access financial markets and lead to counter-inflationary measures that may harm our financial condition, results of operations or adversely affect the market price of our securities.
31
results of operations the following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods indicated. this information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. the operating results in any period are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future period.
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                 2014                                  2013
(in thousands, except percentages)
revenues                                                              $914,128           100.0   %          $730,027           100.0   %          $555,117           100.0   %
operating expenses:
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)(1)       566,913            62.0               456,530            62.5               347,650            62.6
selling, general and administrative expenses(2)                        222,759            24.4               163,666            22.4               116,497            21.0
depreciation and amortization expense                                   17,395             1.9                17,483             2.4                15,120             2.7
goodwill impairment loss                                                     -               -                 2,241             0.3                     -               -
other operating expenses, net                                            1,094             0.1                 3,924             0.6                  (643   )        (0.1   )
income from operations                                                 105,967            11.6                86,183            11.8                76,493            13.8
interest and other income, net                                           4,731             0.5                 4,769             0.7                 3,077             0.5
change in fair value of contingent consideration                             -               -                (1,924   )        (0.3   )                 -               -
foreign exchange loss                                                   (4,628   )        (0.5   )            (2,075   )        (0.3   )            (2,800   )        (0.5   )
income before provision for income taxes                               106,070            11.6                86,953            11.9                76,770            13.8
provision for income taxes                                              21,614             2.4                17,312             2.4                14,776             2.6
net income                                                             $84,456             9.2   %           $69,641             9.5   %           $61,994            11.2   %
(1)   included $13,695, $8,648 and $4,823 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively;
(2)   included $32,138, $15,972 and $8,327 of stock-based compensation expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
revenues our revenues are derived primarily from providing software development services to our clients. we discuss below the breakdown of our revenue by service offering, vertical, client location, contract type and client concentration. revenues include revenue from services as well as reimbursable expenses and other revenues, which primarily consist of travel and entertainment costs that are chargeable to clients.
revenues by service offering software development includes software product development, custom application development services and enterprise application platforms services, and represents our core competency and a substantial majority of our business. the following table sets forth revenues by service offering by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                       2014                                2013
software development                          $644,732          70.6   %          $504,590          69.1   %          $374,426          67.4   %
application testing services                   174,259          19.1               140,363          19.2               109,222          19.7
application maintenance and support             70,551           7.7                58,840           8.1                45,971           8.3
infrastructure services                         11,311           1.2                14,198           1.9                14,433           2.6
licensing                                        3,764           0.4                 3,626           0.5                 3,439           0.6
reimbursable expenses and other revenues         9,511           1.0                 8,410           1.2                 7,626           1.4
revenues                                      $914,128         100.0   %          $730,027         100.0   %          $555,117         100.0   %
32
revenues by vertical we analyze our revenue by separating our clients into five main industry sectors or verticals as detailed in the following table. also, we serve clients in other industries such as oil and gas, telecommunications, retail, insurance and several others, which are currently reported in aggregate under emerging verticals. the following table sets forth revenues by vertical by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                       2014                                2013
financial services                            $248,526          27.2   %          $215,425          29.5   %          $156,340          28.2   %
travel and consumer                            215,303          23.6               157,756          21.6               117,248          21.1
software &amp; hi-tech                         192,989          21.1               157,944          21.6               134,970          24.3
media &amp; entertainment                      120,616          13.2                91,726          12.6                75,677          13.6
life sciences and healthcare                    73,327           8.0                42,428           5.8                14,079           2.5
emerging verticals                              53,856           5.9                56,338           7.7                49,177           8.9
reimbursable expenses and other revenues         9,511           1.0                 8,410           1.2                 7,626           1.4
revenues                                      $914,128         100.0   %          $730,027         100.0   %          $555,117         100.0   %
revenues by client location our revenues are sourced from four geographic markets: north america, europe, cis and apac, which we established as a new geographic market in 2014 as a result of an acquisition. we present and discuss our revenues by client location based on the location of the specific client site that we serve, irrespective of the location of the headquarters of the client or the location of the delivery center where the work is performed. revenue by client location is different from the revenue by reportable segment in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report. segments are not based on the geographic location of the clients but are rather based on the geography of the management responsible for a particular client regardless of the client's physical location. the following table sets forth revenues by client location by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                       2014                                2013
north america                                 $485,075          53.1   %          $367,498          50.4   %          $281,738          50.8   %
europe                                         352,489          38.6               284,853          39.0               200,137          36.1
united kingdom                                 164,301          18.0               141,366          19.4               108,892          19.6
switzerland                                    111,353          12.2                87,111          11.9                51,941           9.4
other                                           76,835           8.4                56,376           7.7                39,304           7.1
cis                                             43,043           4.7                55,807           7.6                65,616          11.7
russia                                          36,506           4.0                48,945           6.7                53,328           9.6
other                                            6,537           0.7                 6,862           0.9                12,288           2.1
apac                                            24,010           2.6                13,459           1.8                     -             -
reimbursable expenses and other revenues         9,511           1.0                 8,410           1.2                 7,626           1.4
revenues                                      $914,128         100.0   %          $730,027         100.0   %          $555,117         100.0   %
revenues by contract type our services are performed under both time-and-material and fixed-price arrangements. our engagement models depend on the type of services provided to a client, the mix and locations of professionals involved and the business outcomes our clients are looking to achieve. historically, the vast majority of our revenues have been generated under time-and-material contracts. under time-and-material contracts, we are compensated for actual time incurred by our it professionals at negotiated hourly, daily or monthly rates. fixed-price contracts require us to perform services throughout the contractual period and we are paid in installments on pre-agreed intervals. we expect time-and-material arrangements to continue to comprise the majority of our revenues in the future.
33
the following table sets forth revenues by contract type by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                       2014                                2013
time-and-material                             $784,153          85.8   %          $618,725          84.7   %          $456,938          82.3   %
fixed-price                                    116,700          12.8                99,266          13.6                87,114          15.7
licensing                                        3,764           0.4                 3,626           0.5                 3,439           0.6
reimbursable expenses and other revenues         9,511           1.0                 8,410           1.2                 7,626           1.4
revenues                                      $914,128         100.0   %          $730,027         100.0   %          $555,117         100.0   %
revenues by client concentration we have grown our revenues from our clients by continually expanding the scope and size of our engagements, and we have grown our key client base through internal business development efforts and several strategic acquisitions.
our focus on delivering quality to our clients is reflected by an average of 95.1% and 84.3% of our revenues in 2015 coming from clients that had used our services for at least one and two years, respectively. in addition, we have significantly grown the size of existing accounts including growth in our top five and top ten clients. the following table sets forth revenues contributed by our top one, top five and top ten clients by amount and as a percentage of our revenues for the periods indicated:
year ended december 31,
2015                                               2014                              2013
top client            $129,818          14.2   %         $97,639          13.4   %         $53,136           9.6   %
top five clients       298,063          32.6             239,396          32.8             169,987          30.6
top ten clients        400,250          43.8             320,126          43.9             234,955          42.3
operating expenses cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
the principal components of our cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) are salaries, employee benefits, stock compensation expense, travel costs and subcontractor fees for it professionals and subcontractors that are assigned to client projects. salaries and other compensation expenses of our it professionals are reported as cost of revenue regardless of whether the employees are actually performing client services during a given period.
we manage the utilization levels of our professionals through hiring and training high-performing it professionals and efficient staffing of projects. our staff utilization also depends on the general economy and its effect on our clients and their business decisions regarding the use of our services. some of our it professionals are specifically hired and trained to work for specific clients or on specific projects, and some of our offshore development centers are dedicated to specific clients or projects.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses represent expenses associated with promoting and selling our services and general administrative functions of our business. these expenses include senior management, administrative personnel and sales and marketing personnel salaries; stock compensation expense, related fringe benefits, commissions and travel costs for those employees; legal and audit expenses, insurance, operating lease expenses, and the cost of advertising and other promotional activities. in addition, we pay a membership fee of 1% of revenues collected in belarus to the administrative organization of the belarus hi-tech park.
our selling, general and administrative expenses have increased primarily as a result of our expanding operations, acquisitions, and the hiring of a number of senior managers to support our growth. we expect our selling, general and administrative expenses to continue to increase in absolute terms as our business expands but will generally remain steady or slightly decrease as a percentage of our revenues.
34
provision for income taxes determining the consolidated provision for income tax expense, deferred income tax assets and liabilities and related valuation allowance, if any, involves judgment. as a global company, we are required to calculate and provide for income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. during 2015, 2014 and 2013, we had $113.8 million, $94.2 million, $69.8 million, respectively, in income before provision for income taxes attributed to our foreign jurisdictions. the statutory tax rate in our foreign jurisdictions is lower than the statutory u.s. tax rate. additionally, we have secured special tax benefits in belarus as described below. as a result, our provision for income taxes is low in comparison to income before taxes because of the benefit received from increased income earned in low tax jurisdictions. the foreign tax rate differential represents this significant reduction. changes in the geographic mix or estimated level of annual pre-tax income can also affect our overall effective income tax rate.
our provision for income taxes also includes the impact of provisions established for uncertain income tax positions, as well as the related net interest. tax exposures can involve complex issues and may require an extended period to resolve. although we believe we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we cannot assure you that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be different from our current estimates. we adjust these reserves in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the closing of a tax audit, statute of limitation lapse or the refinement of an estimate. to the extent that the final tax outcome of these matters differs from the amounts recorded, such differences will impact the provision for income taxes in the period in which such determination is made.
our subsidiary in belarus is a member of the belarus hi-tech park, in which member technology companies are 100% exempt from the current belarusian income tax rate of 18%. the "on high-technologies park" decree, which created the belarus hi-tech park, is in effect for a period of 15 years from july 1, 2006.
2015 compared to 2014
during 2015, our revenues grew 25.2% over 2014, from $730.0 million to a record $914.1 million. the increase was attributable to a combination of factors, including deeper penetration to existing customers and attainment of new customers, both organically and through acquisitions. in 2015, revenue from new customers was $45.7 million, primarily resulting from our acquisitions in 2015, and does not include new clients that are affiliates of existing customers whom we consider an expansion of existing business. in addition, total revenues in 2015 and 2014 included $9.5 million and $8.4 million of reimbursable expenses and other revenues, respectively, which increased by 13.1% in 2015 as compared to 2014, but remained relatively flat as a percentage of revenues.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, revenues in our largest geography, north america, grew $117.6 million, or 32.0%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. expressed as a percentage of consolidated revenues, the north america geography accounted for 53.1% in 2015, which represented an increase of 2.7% over 2014. the increase was primarily a result of growth in business from several of our top clients as well as new revenue from the acquisition of navigationarts.
revenues from all major verticals in north america grew during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the largest contributor to revenue growth in north america, was travel and consumer vertical, which increased $32.9 million, or 48.6%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in this vertical was primarily driven by the rapid expansion of our strategic relationship with a large retail chain, a relationship we acquired in 2012.
our life sciences and healthcare vertical in north america continued its impressive growth since we acquired new clients in the healthcare, insurance and life sciences industries in one of our 2014 acquisitions and created synergies with existing customers in those markets. during the year ended december 31, 2015 combined revenue growth from customers in this vertical accounted for $29.0 million, representing the largest percentage growth of all north america's verticals at 75.9% growth over prior year.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, revenues from the media and entertainment vertical in north america increased by $25.3 million, or 36.2%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. the growth in this vertical in 2015 was attributable to resumed growth in revenues from certain long-time major customers who had decreased demand for our services in prior years.
north america's largest vertical, software and hi-tech, experienced growth of $24.5 million or 17.2% during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014.
35
during the year ended december 31, 2015, our financial services vertical remained our dominant vertical in the european geography. in 2015 revenues from the financial services vertical increased by $28.3 million, or 19.0%, respectively, over the corresponding period of 2014. continued solid performance of the financial services vertical was attributable to an increased demand for our services and ongoing relationships with existing top customers located in europe. we experienced increased business from our top customer located in switzerland, who was responsible for majority of the revenue growth in the financial services vertical during 2015 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014. furthermore, we continue to see growing demand for our services from european-based customers within the travel and consumer vertical. during the year ended december 31, 2015 revenues from this vertical increased by $24.0 million as compared with the year ended december 31, 2014 and accounted for 35.5% of total growth in this geography during period indicated. europe's software and hi-tech vertical experienced a significant increase of 66.5% in 2015 compared to 2014, in part due to business from a new significant customer in germany engaged in 2015.
revenues in the cis geography showed a decrease of $12.8 million or 22.9% on a year-to-date bases compared to 2014. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to a decline in the financial services vertical, which is significantly impacted by the microeconomic situation in the region. additionally, significant foreign currency fluctuations in russia and cis countries had a material negative impact on the revenues from those locations.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was $566.9 million and $456.5 million, respectively, representing an increase of 24.2% for the year ended december 31, 2015 over the corresponding period of 2014, mainly due to an increase in headcount of revenue producing personnel. as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), decreased 0.5% over the corresponding period of 2014, to 62.0% of consolidated revenues.
the increase in cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in 2015 was primarily driven by an increase $107.1 million in compensation costs for revenue producing personnel, including an increase in stock-based compensation expense of $5.0 million. the increases in all of these costs were the result of organic increase in headcount as well as personnel additions from acquisitions.
selling, general and administrative expenses we continued to invest in key areas including sales, infrastructure, industry expertise, and other functions supporting global operations and our growth. during the year ended december 31, 2015, selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $222.8 million, representing an increase of 36.1% from $163.7 million during 2014. as a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses represent 24.4% of consolidated revenues, an increase of 2.0% over last year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2015 was primarily driven by a $48.5 million increase in personnel-related costs, which includes salaries and stock-based compensation expenses. of these personnel-related costs, stock-based compensation expenses increased $16.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2015. our selling, general and administrative expenses have increased primarily as a result of our expanding operations, acquisitions, and the hiring of a number of senior managers to support our growth.
in addition, we have issued stock to the sellers and/or personnel in connection with our business acquisitions and have been recognizing stock-based compensation expense in the periods after the closing of these acquisitions as part of the selling, general and administrative expenses. such stock based compensation expenses related to acquisitions comprised 58.2% of total selling, general and administrative stock-based compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense was $17.4 million in 2015, representing a decrease of $0.1 million over 2014. expressed as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense totaled 1.9% and decreased 0.5% compared with 2014. expense includes amortization of acquired intangible assets, all of which have finite useful lives.
other operating expenses, net during the year ended december 31, 2015, other operating expenses decreased $2.8 million since 2014 to $1.1 million.
36
interest and other income, net net interest and other income was $4.7 million in 2015, representing a slight decrease of 0.8% from $4.8 million received in 2014. the income consists primarily of interest received on cash accounts in belarus and, to a lesser extent, interest earned on employee housing loans.
provision for income taxes the company's provision for income taxes was $21.6 million in 2015 and $17.3 million in 2014. the effective tax rate increased to 20.4% in 2015 from 19.9% in 2014 primarily due to changes in the geographic mix of our current year earnings and discrete tax benefits recorded in 2014 as well as due to elimination of certain income tax holiday benefits in hungary in 2015.
2014 compared to 2013
during 2014, our revenues grew in excess of 30.0% over 2013, from $555.1 million to a record $730.0 million. the increase was attributable to a combination of factors, including deeper penetration to existing customers and attainment of new customers, both organically and through acquisitions. in 2014, revenue from new customers was $49.7 million, primarily resulting from our 2014 acquisitions, and does not include new clients that are affiliates of existing customers. our 2014 acquisitions increased our total revenues by $39.8 million, however, some of the acquired clients are affiliated with our existing clients and, therefore, we consider them an expansion of existing business. in addition, total revenues in 2014 and 2013 included $8.4 million and $7.6 million of reimbursable expenses and other revenues, respectively, which increased by 10.3% in 2014 as compared to 2013, but remained relatively flat as a percentage of revenues.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, revenues in our largest geography, north america, grew $85.8 million, or 30.4%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. expressed as a percentage of consolidated revenues, the north america geography accounted for 50.4% in 2014, which represented a decrease of 0.4% over 2013. the slight decrease was primarily a result of accelerated growth in the european geography.
revenues from all verticals in north america grew during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the largest growth was in north america's other vertical due to acquiring new clients in the healthcare, insurance and life sciences industries through a 2014 acquisition as well as creating synergies with existing customers in those markets. during the year ended december 31, 2014 combined revenue growth from customers in the other vertical accounted for $33.8 million, representing a 94.3%, growth over prior year.
our travel and consumer vertical in north america geography increased by $15.0 million, or 28.4%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in this vertical was primarily driven by the rapid expansion of our strategic relationship with a large retail chain, a relationship we acquired in 2012. during the year ended december 31, 2014, revenues from the business information and media vertical in north america increased by $12.5 million, or 21.8%, as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. the growth in this vertical in 2014 was attributable to resumed growth in revenues from certain long-time major customers who had decreased demand for our services in 2013. north america's largest vertical, isvs and technology, experienced growth of $19.8 million or 16.2% during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, our banking and financial services vertical remained our dominant vertical in europe geography. in 2014 revenues from the banking and financial services vertical increased by $42.5 million, or 39.9%, respectively, over the corresponding periods of 2013. continued solid performance of the banking and financial services vertical was attributable to an increased demand for our services and ongoing relationships with existing top customers located in europe. we experienced increased business from our top customer located in switzerland, nearly doubling the revenue during 2014 as compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. furthermore, we continue to see growing demand for our services from european-based customers within the travel and consumer and business information and media verticals. during the year ended december 31, 2014 combined revenues from these verticals increased by $30.9 million, respectively, year ended december 31, 2014 and accounted for 36.4% of total growth in this geography during periods indicated. europe's other vertical grew 65.0% or $8.0 million in 2014, mainly due to addition of new clients through our 2014 acquisitions.
37
revenues in the cis geography showed a decrease of $9.8 million or 14.9% on a year-to-date bases compared to 2013. the decrease in revenues was primarily attributable to budgetary delays with certain customers located in russia, as well as a decline in business from one of our largest customers in kazakhstan. additionally, significant foreign currency fluctuations in russia and cis countries had a material negative impact on the revenues from those locations.
cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization)
during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) was $456.5 million and $347.7 million, respectively, representing an increase of 31.3% for the year ended december 31, 2014 over the corresponding period of 2013, mainly due to increase in hiring of revenue generating professionals. as a percentage of revenues, cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization), decreased 0.1% over the corresponding period of 2013, to 62.5% of consolidated revenues.
the increase in cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization) in 2014 was primarily driven by a $107.9 million increase in personnel-related costs, the main component of cost of revenue, as well as an increase in stock-based compensation expense for our revenue generating it professionals of $3.8 million. the increases in all of these costs were the result of organic increase in headcount as well as personnel additions from acquisitions.
selling, general and administrative expenses we continued to invest in key areas, including sales, infrastructure, industry expertise, and other functions supporting global operations.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $163.7 million, representing an increase of 40.5% from $116.5 million during 2013. as a percentage of revenue, selling, general and administrative expenses represent 22.4% of consolidated revenues, an increase of 1.4% over last year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2014 was primarily driven by a $30.2 million increase in total personnel-related costs, which include stock based compensation relating to the non-production personnel impact of the four 2014 acquisitions. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we incurred $13.4 million of selling, general and administrative costs related to our 2014 acquisitions, including $4.1 million of stock-based compensation expense, which resulted in a 1.8% increase in selling, general and administrative expenses expressed as a percentage of revenues.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense was $17.5 million in 2014, representing an increase of $2.4 million over 2013. expressed as a percentage of revenues, depreciation and amortization expense totaled 2.4% and remained at the same level compared with 2013.
goodwill impairment loss we performed an annual goodwill impairment test as of october 31, 2014 in accordance with prescribed guidance. in assessing impairment both qualitatively and quantitatively based on the total of the expected future discounted cash flows directly related to the reporting unit, the company determined that the fair value of the russia reporting unit was below the carrying value of the reporting unit. the company completed the second step of the goodwill impairment test, resulting in an impairment charge of $2.2 million as of december 31, 2014. all assets that related to the russia segment, excluding goodwill and including any unrecognized intangible assets, were assessed by management and deemed to not be impaired.
other operating expenses, net during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded a $2.6 million write-down in prepaid assets and a $1.1 million write-down of capitalized costs related to the construction of our corporate facilities in belarus. please see note 16 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in the 2014 annual report on form 10-k for further information.
interest and other income, net net interest and other income was $4.8 million in 2014, representing an increase of 55.0% from $3.1 million received in 2013. the increase was primarily driven by interest received on cash accounts in belarus and, to a lesser extent, interest earned on employee housing loans.
38
provision for income taxes the company's effective tax rate was 19.9% and 19.2% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the primary factors that caused this increase in the rate for the above-mentioned periods are: (a) the four acquisitions completed during 2014, which added other tax jurisdictions into the company's worldwide effective tax rate analysis; (b) a larger portion of the company's pre-tax profits attributable to tax jurisdictions with relatively higher effective tax rates (as compared to effective tax rates within the cis region) were seen in 2014 and (c) a relative shift in offshore services that were performed in belarus to other countries in the cis region (specifically ukraine and, to a lesser extent, russia). both of those locations have higher income tax rates than belarus, where the company is currently entitled to a 100% exemption from belarusian income tax.
results by business segment our operations consist of four reportable segments: north america, europe, russia and other. the segments represent components of epam for which separate financial information is available that is used on a regular basis by our chief executive officer, who is also our chief operating decision maker ("codm"), in determining how to allocate resources and evaluate performance. this determination is based on the unique business practices and market specifics of each region and that each region engages in business activities from which it earns revenues and incurs expenses. our reportable segments are based on managerial responsibility for a particular client. because managerial responsibility for a particular client relationship generally correlates with the client's geographic location, there is a high degree of similarity between client locations and the geographic boundaries of our reportable segments. in some specific cases, however, managerial responsibility for a particular client is assigned to a management team in another region, usually based on the strength of the relationship between client executives and particular members of our senior management team. in a case like this, the client's activity would be reported through the management team's reportable segment. our codm evaluates the company's performance and allocates resources based on segment revenues and operating profit.
segment operating profit is defined as income from operations before unallocated costs. generally, operating expenses for each operating segment have similar characteristics and are subject to similar factors, pressures and challenges. expenses included in segment operating profit consist principally of direct selling and delivery costs as well as an allocation of certain shared services expenses. we use globally integrated support organizations to realize economies of scale and efficient use of resources. as a result, a majority of our expenses is shared by all segments. these shared expenses include delivery, recruitment and development, sales and marketing, and support functions such as it, finance, legal, and human resources. generally, shared expenses are allocated based on measurable drivers of expense, e.g., recorded hours or headcount. however, certain expenses are not specifically allocated to specific segments, as management does not believe it is practical to allocate such costs to individual segments because they are not directly attributable to any specific segment. further, stock based compensation expense is not allocated to individual segments in internal management reports used by the chief operating decision maker. accordingly, these expenses are separately disclosed as "unallocated" and adjusted only against our total income from operations.
revenues from external clients and segment operating profit, before unallocated expenses, for the north america, europe, russia and other reportable segments for the fiscal years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                2014                    2013
(in thousands)
total segment revenues:
north america                       $471,603                $374,509                $284,636
europe                               400,460                 299,279                 204,150
russia                                37,992                  50,663                  55,764
other                                  4,911                   5,552                  10,493
total segment revenues              $914,966                $730,003                $555,043
segment operating profit:
north america                       $112,312                 $90,616                 $66,814
europe                                68,717                  50,189                  34,573
russia                                 5,198                   7,034                   7,077
other                                    (94    )             (3,220    )   844
total segment operating profit      $186,133                $144,619                $109,308
39
2015 compared to 2014
north america segment during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 revenues from our north america segment were 51.5% and 51.3% of total revenues representing an increase of $97.1 million, or 25.9%, over the corresponding period in 2014. the north america segment's operating profits increased by $21.7 million, or 23.9%, as compared to the same period of 2014, to $112.3 million net operating profit. north america remains our most profitable segment with operating profit composing 23.8% of revenues.
the increase in revenues during the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily driven by continued expansion of existing top customer relationships, as well as our recent acquisitions. operating results of the north america operating segment benefited from our 2014 acquisitions in the life sciences and healthcare industry as well as acquisitions of navigationarts and ags during 2015.
europe segment during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, revenues from our europe segment were 43.8% and 41.0% of total segment revenues, respectively, representing an increase of $101.2 million, or 33.8%, in 2015 over the 2014 results. during 2015, the europe segment's operating profits increased by $18.5 million, or 36.9%, as compared to the corresponding period of 2014, to $68.7 million net profit from the segment's operations.
europe continues to be a growing segment in our portfolio as our business model continues to gain considerable traction with european-based clients primarily in the financial services and travel and consumer verticals. furthermore, our europe segment benefited from the continued growth of jointech, a company we acquired in 2014, with locations in south-east asia. this extended reach into a new geography created additional options for our existing customers within the financial services vertical, particularly in the areas of investment banking and wealth and asset management. we expect that our new and existing customers will use our services in that fast-growing region resulting in possible revenue and operating profit increases to the europe segment.
russia and other segments during the years ended december 31, 2015, revenues from the russia and the other operating segments decreased by $12.7 million and $0.6 million, respectively, over corresponding period of 2014. operating profits of the russia segment decreased $1.8 million and the operating losses of the other segment decreased $3.1 million when compared with the operating profits/ (losses) of these segments in the corresponding period of 2014.
revenues and operating profits in the russia and other segments are subject to volatility resulting from revenue recognition delays related to finalizing budgets for certain arrangements with major customers in those segments causing instability between revenues and associated profits. additionally, strong foreign currency fluctuations in 2014 further destabilized the economic situation in the regions that are included in these segments and negatively impacted our business in russia and cis countries during 2015. since 2014, the united states and the european union have imposed sanctions targeting russian government and government-controlled interests and certain government officials. while this has not directly impacted our business in russia, the sanctions aggravated the overall russian economy and negatively influenced the business of our major clients in the region, decreasing demand for our services.
2014 compared to 2013
north america segment during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, revenues from our north america segment were 51.3% and 51.3% of total revenues representing an increase of $89.9 million, or 31.6%, over the corresponding period in 2013. the north america segment's operating profits increased by $23.8 million, or 35.6%, as compared to the same period of 2013, to $90.6 million net operating profit.
the increase in revenues during the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily driven by continued expansion of existing customer relationships, as well, as our recent acquisitions. the largest growth was in the other vertical due to acquiring new clients in the healthcare, insurance and life sciences industries through a 2014 acquisition as well as creating synergies with existing customers in those markets. during the year ended december 31, 2014, combined revenue growth from customers in the other vertical accounted for $34.8 million, representing a 97.4% growth over prior year.
40
all other verticals in the north america segment experienced revenue growth and increases in operating profit in 2014 as compared to 2013, mainly due to increased business from our long-term clients with some contribution from the clients acquired in connection with acquisitions. the largest vertical, the isvs and technology, grew revenues by $22.1 million, or 18.6%, in 2014 as compared to the corresponding period of 2013. revenues from our travel and consumer vertical in 2014 increased by $14.6 million, or 26.7%, as compared to the corresponding period in 2013. banking and financial services had an increase in revenue of $5.9 million or 45.4%, and operating profit increased by 104.9% in this vertical in 2014 compared with the year ended december 31, 2013. business information and media grew in revenue $12.5 million or 20% for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the same period in 2013.
europe segment during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, revenues from our europe segment were 41.0% and 36.8% of total segment revenues, respectively, representing an increase of $95.1 million, or 46.6%, in 2014 over the 2013 results. during 2014, the europe segment's operating profits increased by $15.6 million, or 45.2%, as compared to the corresponding period of 2013, to $50.2 million net profit from the segment's operations.
europe continues to be a rapidly growing segment in our portfolio, given our nearshore delivery capabilities, and our value proposition in delivering quality software engineering solutions and services. our business model continues to gain considerable traction with european-based clients primarily in the banking and financial services and travel and consumer verticals. furthermore, our europe segment benefited from the acquisition of jointech, a company with locations in south-east asia, which created a new value proposition for our existing customers within the banking and financial services vertical, particularly in the areas of investment banking, wealth and asset management, and extended our reach into new geography. we expect that many of our new and existing customers in other business verticals will use our services in that fast-growing region resulting in possible revenue and operating profit increases to the europe segment.
russia and other segments during the years ended december 31, 2014, revenues from the russia and other operating segments decreased by $5.1 million and $4.9 million, respectively, over corresponding period of 2013. operating profits of the russia segment showed no changes when compared with the operating profits of this segment in 2013, while profits of other segments decreased $4.1 million compared to 2013.
revenues and operating profits in the russia and other segments are subject to volatility resulting from revenue recognition delays related to finalizing budgets for certain arrangements with major customers in those segments. as a result, we recorded the cost related to the performance of services in 2014 with no associated revenues recognized in the period that services were rendered. these business arrangements were further exacerbated by strong foreign currency fluctuations in the fourth quarter of 2014, negatively impacting our business in russia and cis countries.
41
liquidity and capital resources capital resources at december 31, 2015, our principal sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents totaling $199.4 million, a one-year time deposit maturing in march 2016 in the amount of $30.0 million and $65.0 million of available borrowings under our revolving line of credit. as of that date, $181.9 million of our total cash and cash equivalents was held outside the united states. of this amount, $79.3 million was held in u.s. dollar denominated accounts in belarus, including deposits that accrued interest at an average interest rate of 4.8% during 2015.
in 2014 we repatriated $75.8 million u.s. dollars from belarus into our cyprus entity's bank in the united kingdom. in march 2015, $30.0 million of this amount has been placed into a one-year interest bearing time deposit within the same bank. as of december 31, 2015, the remaining unrestricted balance of $28.7 million u.s. dollars is kept in a savings account in our cyprus entity's bank in the united kingdom.
our subsidiaries in the cis or apac regions do not maintain significant balances denominated in currencies other than u.s. dollars.
the cash and cash equivalents held at locations outside of the united states are for future operating expenses and we have no intention of repatriating those funds. however, as a result of various factors such as any global or regional instability or changes in tax laws in place for a specific time period, we may later decide to repatriate some or all of our funds to the united states. if we decide to remit funds to the united states in the form of dividends, $212.1 million would be subject to foreign withholding taxes, of which $184.0 million would also be subject to u.s. corporate income tax. we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents held in the united states and cash flow to be generated from domestic operations will be adequate to satisfy our domestic liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. our ability to expand and grow our business in accordance with current plans and to meet our long-term capital requirements will depend on many factors, including the rate, if any, at which our cash flows increase, our continued intent not to repatriate earnings from outside of the u.s. and the availability of public and private debt and equity financing. to the extent we pursue one or more significant strategic acquisitions, we may incur debt or sell additional equity to finance those acquisitions.
on september 12, 2014, we established a revolving credit facility with pnc bank, national association; santander bank, n.a; and silicon valley bank. this credit facility consists of a $100.0 million revolving line of credit, with a maturity date of september 12, 2019. there is potential to increase the credit facility up to $200.0 million if certain conditions are met. borrowings under the 2014 credit facility may be denominated in united states dollars or, up to a maximum of $50.0 million in british pounds sterling, canadian dollars, euros or swiss francs (or other currencies as may be approved by the lenders). at december 31, 2015, we had outstanding debt of $35.0 million with the balance of the credit limit of $65.0 million remaining available for use.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated:
year endeddecember 31,
2015                                                                              2014                    2013
(in thousands)
consolidated statements of cash flow data:
net cash provided by operating activities                          $76,393                $104,874                 $58,225
net cash used in investing activities                             (125,494    )            (52,929    )            (21,820    )
net cash provided by financing activities                           33,764                  10,347                  15,501
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents        (5,748    )            (10,965    )               (811    )
net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents              $(21,085    )            $51,327                 $51,095
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                     220,534                 169,207                 118,112
cash and cash equivalents, end of period                          $199,449                $220,534                $169,207
42
operating activities net cash provided by operations during the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased $28.5 million to $76.4 million, as compared to $104.9 million net cash provided by operations in 2014. during 2015, operating cash flows were impacted by increases in billed and unbilled accounts receivable and greater accrued expenses, which were mostly impacted by increases in bonus compensation. during 2015 we have recorded more accounts receivable and unbilled revenue as compared to the same period in 2014. the increases in billed and unbilled receivables are consistent with our growth in revenue and the majority of unbilled receivables are current with nearly 60% recorded in december 2015 and over 90% recorded during the fourth quarter of 2015.
net cash provided by operations during the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $46.6 million to $104.9 million, as compared to $58.2 million net cash provided by operations in 2013. during 2014, operating cash flows benefited, in part, from our strong focus on improving working capital efficiencies during the latter part of 2013, including focus on reducing days outstanding for our billed and unbilled receivables. this emphasis more than offset the higher working capital requirements associated with increased revenues, including growth in total compensation and benefits of our it professionals, overhead expenses, and higher tax payments.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2015 was $125.5 million and consisted primarily of a $30.0 million interest bearing time deposit set up by our cyprus entity in the united kingdom in march 2015 and $76.9 million net cash used in the business combinations with navigationarts and ags. the cash spent on acquisitions of businesses in 2015 increased $39.8 million compared to 2014.
net cash used in investing activities during the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $31.1 million to $52.9 million as compared to $21.8 million used in investing activities during the corresponding period of 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to $37.1 million spent on acquisitions of businesses, partially offset by a net $6.2 million decrease in loans issued under the employee housing program compared to the corresponding period last year.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2015 was $33.8 million, a decrease of $23.4 million from the same period in 2014 primarily due to payment of deferred consideration in the amount of $30 million as well as a decrease in excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation plans, partly offset by higher proceeds from stock option exercises.
net cash provided by financing activities during the year ended december 31, 2014 was $10.3 million, a decrease of $5.2 million from the same period in 2013 primarily due to payment of deferred consideration in the amount of $4 million as well as a decrease in excess tax benefit on stock-based compensation plans, partly offset by higher proceeds from stock option exercises.
contractual obligations and future capital requirements contractual obligations set forth below is information concerning our fixed and determinable contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015.
total      less than 1year                  1-3 years            3-5 years      more than 5years
(in thousands)
operating lease obligations       $49,616          $17,606                      $23,400               $5,946            $2,664
long-term debt obligation         $65,000          $-                                $-              $65,000            $-
$114,616          $17,606                      $23,400              $70,946            $2,664
during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company completed construction of the office building within the high technologies park in minsk, belarus, and, therefore, no future capital requirements exist related to this construction. see note 15 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for further information.
future capital requirements
43
we believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents combined with our expected cash flow from operations will be sufficient to meet our projected operating and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months and that we possess the financial flexibility to execute our strategic objectives, including the ability to make acquisitions and strategic investments in the foreseeable future. our ability to generate cash, however, is subject to our performance, general economic conditions, industry trends and other factors. to the extent that existing cash and cash equivalents and operating cash flow are insufficient to fund our future activities and requirements, we may need to raise additional funds through public or private equity or debt financing. if we issue equity securities in order to raise additional funds, substantial dilution to existing stockholders may occur. if we raise cash through the issuance of additional indebtedness, we may be subject to additional contractual restrictions on our business. there is no assurance that we would be able to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all.
off-balance sheet commitments and arrangements we do not have any obligations under guarantee contracts or other contractual arrangements other than as disclosed in note 15 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k. we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities where we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interests, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or any other obligation under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity, market risk, or credit risk support to us, or engages in leasing, hedging, or research and development services with us.
44
critical accounting policies we prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), which require us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect: (i) the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, (ii) disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the end of each reporting period and (iii) the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during each reporting period. we evaluate these estimates and assumptions based on historical experience, knowledge and assessment of current business and other conditions, and expectations regarding the future based on available information and reasonable assumptions, which together form a basis for making judgments about matters not readily apparent from other sources. since the use of estimates is an integral component of the financial reporting process, actual results could differ from those estimates. some of our accounting policies require higher degrees of judgment than others in their application. when reviewing our audited consolidated financial statements, you should consider (i) our selection of critical accounting policies, (ii) the judgment and other uncertainties affecting the application of such policies and (iii) the sensitivity of reported results to changes in conditions and assumptions. we consider the policies discussed below to be critical to an understanding of our consolidated financial statements as their application places significant demands on the judgment of our management.
an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact the consolidated financial statements. we believe that the following critical accounting policies are the most sensitive and require more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. you should read the following descriptions of critical accounting policies, judgments and estimates in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements and other disclosures included in this annual report.
revenue recognition - we recognize revenue when realized or realizable and earned, which is when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; delivery has occurred; the sales price is fixed or determinable; and collectability is reasonably assured. determining whether and when some of these criteria have been satisfied often involves assumptions and judgments that can have a significant impact on the timing and amount of revenue we report. if there is an uncertainty about the project completion or receipt of payment for the consulting services, revenues are deferred until the uncertainty is sufficiently resolved. at the time revenues are recognized, we provide for any contractual deductions and reduce revenues accordingly. we defer amounts billed to our clients for revenues not yet earned. such amounts are anticipated to be recorded as revenues as services are performed in subsequent periods. unbilled revenues represent services provided which are billed subsequent to the period end in accordance with the contract terms.
we derive our revenues from a variety of service offerings, which represent specific competencies of our it professionals. contracts for these services have different terms and conditions based on the scope, deliverables, and complexity of the engagement, which require management to make judgments and estimates in determining appropriate revenue recognition pattern. fees for these contracts may be in the form of time-and-materials or fixed-price arrangements.
the majority of our revenues (85.8% of revenues in 2015, 84.7% in 2014 and 82.3% in 2013) are generated under time-and-material contracts whereby revenues are recognized as services are performed with the corresponding cost of providing those services reflected as cost of revenues when incurred. the majority of such revenues are billed on an hourly, daily or monthly basis whereby actual time is charged directly to the client.
revenues from fixed-price contracts (12.8% of revenues in 2015, 13.6% in 2014 and 15.7% in 2013) are determined using the proportional performance method. in instances where final acceptance of the product, system, or solution is specified by the client, revenue is deferred until all acceptance criteria have been met. in absence of a sufficient basis to measure progress towards completion, revenue is recognized upon receipt of final acceptance from the client. in order to estimate the amount of revenue for the period under the proportional performance method, we determine the percentage of actual labor hours incurred as compared to estimated total labor hours and apply that percentage to the consideration allocated to the deliverable. the complexity of the estimation process and factors relating to the assumptions, risks and uncertainties inherent with the application of the proportional performance method of accounting affects the amounts of revenues and related expenses reported in our consolidated financial statements. a number of internal and external factors can affect such estimates, including labor hours and specification and testing requirement changes. the cumulative impact of any revision in estimates is reflected in the financial reporting period in which the change in estimate becomes known. no significant revisions occurred in each of the three years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. our fixed price contracts are generally recognized over a period of 12 months or less.
we report gross reimbursable "out-of-pocket" expenses incurred as both revenues and cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income as these expenses are billable to our clients.
45
business combinations - we account for our business combinations using the acquisition accounting method, which requires us to determine the fair value of net assets acquired and the related goodwill and other intangible assets in accordance with the fasb asc topic 805, "business combinations." we identify and attribute fair values and estimated lives to the intangible assets acquired and allocate the total cost of an acquisition to the underlying net assets based on their respective estimated fair values. determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management's judgment and involves the use of significant estimates, including projections of future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples. there are different valuation models for each component, the selection of which requires considerable judgment. these determinations will affect the amount of amortization expense recognized in future periods. we base our fair value estimates on assumptions we believe are reasonable, but recognize that the assumptions are inherently uncertain.
if initial accounting for the business combination has not been completed by the end of the reporting period in which the business combination occurs, provisional amounts are reported for which the accounting is incomplete, with retrospective adjustment made to such provisional amounts during the measurement period to present new information about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date. once the measurement period ends, and in no case beyond one year from the acquisition date, revisions of the accounting for the business combination are recorded in earnings.
all acquisition-related costs, other than the costs to issue debt or equity securities, are accounted for as expenses in the period in which they are incurred. changes in fair value of contingent consideration arrangements that are not measurement period adjustments are recognized in earnings. payments to settle contingent consideration, if any, are reflected in cash flows from financing activities and the changes in fair value are reflected in cash flows from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows.
the acquired assets typically consist of customer relationships, trade names, non-competition agreements, and workforce and as a result, a substantial portion of the purchase price is allocated to goodwill and other intangible assets.
goodwill and other intangible assets - goodwill and intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives are treated consistently with fasb asc 350, "intangibles - goodwill and other." we do not have any intangible assets with indefinite useful lives.
we assess goodwill for impairment annually, and more frequently in certain circumstances. events or circumstances that might require impairment testing of goodwill and other intangible assets include the loss of a significant client, the identification of other impaired assets within a reporting unit, loss of key personnel, the disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit, significant decline in stock price or a significant adverse change in business climate or regulations. we initially perform a qualitative assessment of goodwill to test for impairment indicators. after applying the qualitative assessment, if we conclude that it is not more likely than not that the fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount; the two-step goodwill impairment test is not required.
if we determine that it is more likely than not that the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, we perform a quantitative impairment test. if an indicator of impairment is identified, the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill is compared to its carrying amount, and the impairment loss is measured by the excess of the carrying value over the fair value. the fair values are estimated using a combination of the income approach, which incorporates the use of the discounted cash flow method, and the market approach, which incorporates the use of earnings multiples based on market data. these valuations are considered level 3 measurements under fasb asc topic 820. we utilize estimates to determine the fair value of the reporting units such as future cash flows, growth rates, capital requirements, effective tax rates and projected margins, among other factors. estimates utilized in the future evaluations of goodwill for impairment could differ from estimates used in the current period calculations. we are also required to assess the goodwill of its reporting units for impairment between annual assessment dates as events or circumstances dictate. based on our assessment, these operating segments are not at risk for impairment.
intangible assets that have finite useful lives are amortized over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line basis. when facts and circumstances indicate potential impairment of amortizable intangible assets, we evaluate the recoverability of the asset's carrying value, using estimates of future cash flows that utilize a discount rate determined by the management to be commensurate with the risk inherent in our business model over the remaining asset life. the estimates of future cash flows attributable to intangible assets require significant judgment based on our historical and anticipated results. any impairment loss is measured by the excess of carrying value over fair value. all of our intangible assets have finite lives.
effective in the fourth quarter of 2013, we changed the annual goodwill impairment assessment date for all of our reporting units from december 31st to october 31st, which represented a voluntary change in the annual goodwill impairment testing date.
46
income taxes - the provision for income taxes includes federal, state, local and foreign taxes. deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences of temporary differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the year in which the temporary differences are expected to be reversed. changes to enacted tax rates would result in either increases or decreases in the provision for income taxes in the period of changes. we evaluate the realizability of deferred tax assets and recognize a valuation allowance when it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not be realized.
the realization of deferred tax assets is primarily dependent on future earnings. any reduction in estimated forecasted results may require that we record valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. once a valuation allowance has been established, it will be maintained until there is sufficient positive evidence to conclude that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. a pattern of sustained profitability will generally be considered as sufficient positive evidence to reverse a valuation allowance. if the allowance is reversed in a future period, the income tax provision will be correspondingly reduced. accordingly, the increase and decrease of valuation allowances could have a significant negative or positive impact on future earnings.
stock-based compensation - equity-based compensation cost relating to the issuance of share-based awards to employees is based on the fair value of the award at the date of grant, which is expensed ratably over the requisite service period, net of estimated forfeitures. over time, the forfeiture assumption is adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate and such change may affect the timing of the total amount of expense recognized over the vesting period. equity-based awards that do not require future service are expensed immediately. equity-based awards that do not meet the criteria for equity classification are recorded as liabilities and adjusted to fair value at the end of each reporting period.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 in the notes to our consolidated financial statements in this annual report on form 10-k for information regarding the impact of certain recent accounting pronouncements on our consolidated financial statements.
