item 1a. risk factors.
this report contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of united states (u.s.) federal securities laws. forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical facts, such as projections or expectations relating to ore grades and milling rates; production and sales volumes; unit net cash costs; cash production costs per barrel of oil equivalent (boe); operating cash flows; capital expenditures; debt reduction initiatives; exploration efforts and results; development and production activities and costs; liquidity; tax rates; the impact of copper, gold, molybdenum, cobalt, crude oil and natural gas price changes; the impact of deferred intercompany profits on earnings; reserve estimates; future dividend payments; and share purchases and sales.
we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. we caution readers that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated, projected or assumed in the forward-looking statements. important factors that can cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements include the following:
financial risks declines in the market prices of copper, gold and oil have adversely affected our earnings, cash flows and asset values and, if sustained or intensified, may adversely affect our ability to repay debt. fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold and oil have caused and may continue to cause significant volatility in our financial performance and in the trading prices of our debt and common stock.
our financial results vary with fluctuations in the market prices of the commodities we produce, primarily copper, gold and oil, and to a lesser extent molybdenum, silver, cobalt and natural gas. as described below, during 2015 and in early 2016, copper and oil prices declined significantly. if low prices persist or decline further, they may continue to have a material adverse effect on our financial results, the value of our assets and/or our ability to repay our debt and meet our other fixed obligations; and may continue to depress the trading prices of our common stock and of our publicly traded debt securities.
in response to lower commodities prices, we have announced revised operating plans that incorporate significant reductions in capital spending, production curtailments at certain north and south america mines and actions to reduce operating, exploration and administrative costs, which may not achieve all the results we anticipate. if market prices for our primary commodities continue to decline or persist at low levels, we may have to further revise our operating plans, including curtailing production further, reducing operating costs and capital expenditures and discontinuing certain exploration and development programs. we may be unable to decrease our costs in an amount sufficient to offset reductions in revenues, in which case we may incur additional losses, and those losses may be material. we are also pursuing asset sales and joint venture arrangements to raise proceeds for debt reduction. we may be unable to receive favorable terms for asset sales or joint venture arrangements in the current market environment, which may prevent us from achieving our desired debt reduction levels.
fluctuations in commodities prices are caused by varied and complex factors beyond our control, including global supply and demand balances and inventory levels; global economic and political conditions; international regulatory, trade and tax policies; commodities investment activity and speculation; the price and availability of substitute products; and changes in technology.
in particular, copper prices may be affected by demand from china, which has become the largest consumer of refined copper in the world, and by changes in demand for industrial, commercial and residential products containing copper. copper prices have declined significantly during 2015, with london metal exchange (lme) spot copper prices averaging $3.11 per pound in 2014 and $2.49 per pound in 2015. on december 31, 2015, the lme spot copper price was $2.13 per pound. copper prices weakened further in early 2016 with the lme spot copper price ranging from $1.96 per pound to $2.13 per pound from january 1, 2016, to february 19, 2016. the decline in prices during 2015 resulted in non-cash charges for copper and molybdenum inventory adjustments ($338 million) and long-lived mining asset impairments ($37 million), as more fully discussed in notes 4 and 5. copper prices at or below the december 31, 2015, level could result in additional inventory adjustments and impairment charges for our long-lived mining assets. other events that could result in impairment of our long-lived mining assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in estimated proven and probable mineral reserves and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine production costs.
49
factors affecting gold prices may include the relative strength of the u.s. dollar to other currencies, inflation and interest rate expectations, purchases and sales of gold by governments and central banks, demand from china and india, two of the world's largest consumers of gold, and global demand for jewelry containing gold. the london pm gold price averaged $1,160 per ounce in 2015 and $1,266 per ounce in 2014, and was $1,062 per ounce on december 31, 2015.
crude oil prices have been and could be affected in the future by continued development of shale reserves through hydraulic fracturing, actions of the organization of the petroleum exporting countries and other major oil producing nations, political and weather conditions in oil producing regions, transportation and refinery capacity, the amount of foreign imports of oil into the u.s., and the impact of legislation adopted in december 2015 lifting 40-year old restrictions on exporting u.s. oil. oil prices have declined significantly since mid-2014, with brent crude oil prices averaging $99.45 per barrel in 2014 and $53.64 per barrel in 2015. on december 31, 2015, the brent crude oil price was $37.28. in early 2016, oil prices weakened further to multi-year lows in response to excess global supplies and relatively weak economic conditions with brent crude oil prices ranging from $27.88 per barrel to $37.22 per barrel from january 1, 2016, to february 19, 2016. as further discussed in note 1 and in management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a), lower oil prices, and to a lesser extent natural gas prices, were a significant contributing factor to the non-cash impairment charges totaling $13.1 billion for the year 2015 and $3.7 billion for the year 2014 to write-down the carrying value of our proved oil and gas properties.
as further described in note 1, under full cost accounting rules, a "ceiling test" is conducted each quarter to review the carrying value of proved oil and gas properties for impairment. the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) requires that the twelve-month average of the first-day-of-the-month historical reference prices be used to determine the ceiling test limitation. using west texas intermediate (wti) as the reference oil price, the average price was $50.28 per barrel at december 31, 2015, compared with $94.99 per barrel at december 31, 2014. if the twelve-month historical average price remains below the december 31, 2015, twelve-month average of $50.28 per barrel, the ceiling test limitation will decrease potentially resulting in additional ceiling test impairments of our oil and gas properties. the wti spot oil price was $29.64 per barrel at february 19, 2016.
in addition to declines in the trailing twelve-month average oil and natural gas prices, other factors that could result in future impairment of our oil and gas properties, include costs transferred from unevaluated properties to the full cost pool without corresponding proved oil and natural gas reserve additions, negative reserve revisions and the future incurrence of exploration, development and production costs. at december 31, 2015, carrying costs for unevaluated properties were $4.8 billion. these costs will be transferred into the full cost pool as the properties are evaluated and proved reserves are established or if impairment is determined. if these activities do not result in additions to discounted future net cash flows from proved oil and natural gas reserves at least equal to the related costs transferred (net of related tax effects), ceiling test impairments may occur. during 2015, we transferred $6.4 billion of costs associated with unevaluated properties to the full cost pool mostly reflecting impairment of the carrying values of unevaluated properties.
our debt and other financial commitments may limit our financial and operating flexibility.
at december 31, 2015, our total consolidated debt was $20.4 billion (see note 8) and our total consolidated cash was $224 million. we also have various other financial commitments, including for reclamation and environmental obligations, take-or-pay contracts and leases. our level of indebtedness and other financial commitments could have important consequences to our business, including the following:
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industries in which we operate;
•   increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   limiting our ability to fund future working capital and capital expenditures, to engage in future development activities, or to otherwise realize the value of our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our debt;
•   requiring us to sell assets to reduce debt; or
•   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt and/or fewer financial commitments.
50
on february 26, 2016, we reached agreement with our bank group to amend our revolving credit facility and term loan. the changes pursuant to the revolving credit facility and the term loan included modifications of the maximum leverage ratio and minimum interest expense coverage ratio to provide us with additional flexibility, and the commitment under our revolving credit facility has been reduced by $500 million from $4.0 billion to $3.5 billion. a springing collateral and guarantee trigger was added to the revolving credit facility and term loan. under this provision, if we have not entered into definitive agreements for asset sales totaling $3.0 billion in aggregate by june 30, 2016, that are reasonably expected to close by december 31, 2016, we will be required to secure the revolving credit facility and term loan with a mutually acceptable collateral and guarantee package. if such asset sales totaling $3.0 billion in aggregate have not occurred by december 31, 2016, then the springing collateral and guarantee trigger will go into effect. refer to notes 8 and 18 for further information about the revolving credit facility and term loan.
any failure to comply with the financial and other covenants in our debt agreements may result in an event of default that would allow the creditors to accelerate the related debt, which in turn may trigger cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions in other debt agreements. our cash flow would not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our debt instruments that are accelerated upon an event of default.
since august 2015 and through january 5, 2016, we sold 210 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $9.47 per share under at-the-market equity programs that generated approximately $2 billion in gross proceeds. we may seek to raise additional equity capital to fund operations, reduce debt or improve our financial position, which may have a negative impact to our stock price. for additional information, see note 10.
as of february 24, 2016, our senior unsecured debt was rated "bb" with a negative outlook by standard & poor's (s&p), "bbb-" with a negative outlook by fitch ratings (fitch), and "b1" with a negative outlook by moody's investors service (moody's). there is no assurance that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future. for more information, refer to the risk factor below relating to mine closure and reclamation regulations and plugging and abandonment obligations related to our oil and gas operations.
our strategic review of the oil and gas business and evaluation of other transactions may not result in increased stockholder value.
our board of directors (the board) is undertaking a strategic review of alternatives for our oil and gas business. we and our advisors are actively engaged with interested parties in a process to evaluate opportunities that include asset sales and joint venture arrangements that would generate cash proceeds for debt repayment. we are also evaluating transactions involving certain of our mining assets. these initiatives may not result in transactions or other events that will lead to debt reduction or an increase in stockholder value.
mine closure and reclamation regulations impose substantial costs on our operations, and include requirements that we provide financial assurance supporting those obligations. we also have plugging and abandonment obligations related to our oil and gas properties, and are required to provide bonds or other forms of financial assurance in connection with those operations. changes in or the failure to comply with these requirements could have a material adverse effect on us.
we are required by u.s. federal and state laws and regulations to provide financial assurance sufficient to allow a third party to implement approved closure and reclamation plans for our mining properties if we are unable to do so. the u.s. environmental protection agency (epa) and state agencies may also require financial assurance for investigation and remediation actions that are required under settlements of enforcement actions under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act of 1980 (cercla) or equivalent state regulations. refer to note 12 for additional information regarding our financial assurance obligations.
with respect to our mining operations, most of our financial assurance obligations are imposed by state laws that vary significantly by jurisdiction. currently there are no financial assurance requirements for active mining operations under cercla, but in august 2014, several environmental organizations initiated litigation against the epa to require it to set a schedule for adopting financial assurance regulations under cercla governing the hard rock mining industry. the epa and the environmental organizations reached a joint agreement and submitted it to the u.s. court of appeals for the district of columbia circuit for approval. notwithstanding industry objections, the court approved the agreement on january 29, 2016, thereby requiring the epa to propose financial assurance
51
regulations for the hard rock mining industry by december 1, 2016, and to provide notice of its final action by december 1, 2017. the court also ruled that the epa has no obligation to promulgate rules at all and has until the end of 2016 to decide whether or not to proceed. it is uncertain how the new requirements, if promulgated, will affect the amount and form of our existing and future financial assurance obligations or the extent to which they will supplement or replace state requirements. any new regulations may, however, be financially material and adverse.
we are also subject to financial assurance requirements in connection with our oil and gas operations under both state and federal laws. for example, permits, bonding and insurance are required to drill, operate, and plug and abandon wells. financial responsibility requirements are also required under the oil pollution act of 1990 to cover containment and cleanup costs resulting from an oil spill.
in order to cover the various obligations of lessees operating in federal waters, such as the cost to plug and abandon wells and decommission and remove platforms and pipelines at the end of production, the boem generally requires that lessees demonstrate financial strength and reliability according to regulatory standards sufficient to obtain a waiver from the requirement to post supplemental bonds, or post such bonds or other acceptable assurances that those obligations will be satisfied. although we are currently exempt from the requirement to post security under the current rules, we may be required to post security under these rules if the boem determines we are no longer eligible for the exemption, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. in august 2014, the boem issued an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking in which the agency indicated that it was considering changing the financial assurance requirements, and it currently plans to publish a revised notice in 2016. among other things, the notice states that the boem intends to revise its supplemental bonding procedures to eliminate waivers from the requirement to post security. substantial changes to boem's financial assurance requirements, including a requirement to post significant amounts of security in the form of bonds or similar assurance, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity. the cost for bonds or assurances can be substantial, and there is no assurance that they can be obtained in all cases. our failure to provide financial assurance, or failure to do the same by our co-lessees, could result in boem or the bureau of safety and environmental enforcement (bsee) suspending or terminating operations on affected leases, which could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.
as of december 31, 2015, our financial assurance obligations associated with closure, reclamation and remediation of mining sites, and plugging and abandonment obligations in our oil and gas operations totaled approximately $2.6 billion, and a substantial portion of these obligations were satisfied by fcx and fm o&g guarantees and financial capability demonstrations. as a result of the downgrade of the credit ratings of our debt below investment grade by s&p's and moody's, we may be required to provide additional or alternative forms of financial assurance, such as letters of credit, surety bonds or collateral. these other forms of assurance would be costly to provide and, depending on our financial condition and market conditions, may be difficult or impossible to obtain. failure to provide the required financial assurance could result in the closure of the affected mines or suspension of the affected oil and gas operations.
refer to notes 1 and 12, for further discussion of our environmental and asset retirement obligations.
international risks our international operations are subject to political, social and geographic risks of doing business in countries outside the u.s.
we are a u.s.-based natural resources company with substantial mining assets located outside of the u.s. we conduct international mining operations in indonesia, peru, chile and the democratic republic of congo (drc). accordingly, in addition to the usual risks associated with conducting business in countries outside the u.s., our business may be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties in each of these countries. risks of conducting business in countries outside of the u.s. include:
•   renegotiation, cancellation or forced modification of existing contracts;
•   expropriation or nationalization of property;
•   changes in another country's laws, regulations and policies, including those relating to labor, taxation, royalties, divestment, imports, exports, trade regulations, currency and environmental matters, which
52
because of rising "resource nationalism" in countries around the world, may impose increasingly onerous requirements on foreign operations and investment;
•   political instability, bribery, extortion, corruption, civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism;
•   changes in the aspirations and expectations of local communities in which we operate with respect to our contributions to employee health and safety, infrastructure and community development and other factors that may affect our social license to operate, all of which lead to increased costs;
•   foreign exchange controls and movements in foreign currency exchange rates; and
•   the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of an international court or arbitration panel or having to enforce the judgment of an international court or arbitration panel against a sovereign nation within its own territory.
our insurance does not cover most losses caused by the above described risks. accordingly, our exploration, development and production activities outside of the u.s. may be substantially affected by many unpredictable factors beyond our control, some of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our international operations must comply with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws of the other jurisdictions in which we operate. there has been a substantial increase in the global enforcement of these laws in recent years, and a steadily increasing focus on enforcement of those laws continues. any violation of those laws could result in significant criminal or civil fines and penalties, litigation, and loss of operating licenses or permits, and may damage our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we are involved in several significant tax proceedings and other tax disputes with the indonesian and peruvian tax authorities (refer to note 12 for further discussion of these matters). other risks specific to certain countries in which we operate are discussed in more detail below.
because our grasberg mining operations in indonesia is a significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties and security risks in indonesia.
our mining operations in indonesia are conducted by our subsidiary pt freeport indonesia (pt-fi) pursuant to a contract of work (cow) with the indonesian government. maintaining a good working relationship with the indonesian government is important to us because of the significance of our indonesia operations to our business, and because our mining operations there are among indonesia's most significant business enterprises. partially because of their significance to indonesia's economy, the environmentally sensitive area in which they are located, and the number of people employed, our indonesia operations have been the subject of political debates and of criticism in the indonesian press, and have been the target of protests and occasional violence. for further discussion of the history of pt-fi's cow, refer to note 13.
the initial term of pt-fi's cow expires in 2021, but the cow explicitly provides that it can be extended for two 10-year periods subject to indonesian government approval, which cannot be withheld or delayed unreasonably. pt-fi has been engaged in discussions with officials of the indonesian government since 2012 regarding various provisions of its cow, including extending the term of the cow. notwithstanding provisions in the cow prohibiting it from doing so, the indonesian government has sought to modify existing mining contracts, including pt-fi's cow, to address provisions contained in the mining law enacted in 2009, and mining regulations adopted thereunder, including matters with respect to the size of contract concessions, government revenues, domestic processing of minerals, divestment, provision of local goods and services, conversion from a cow to a licensing framework for extension periods, and a requirement that extensions may be applied for only within two years prior to a cow's expiration.
regulations published in january 2014 imposed, among other things, a progressive export duty on copper concentrate and restricts concentrate exports after january 12, 2017. despite pt-fi's rights under its cow to
53
export concentrate without the payment of duties, pt-fi was unable to obtain administrative approval for exports and operated at approximately half of its capacity from mid-january 2014 through july 2014.
in july 2014, pt-fi entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the indonesian government. under the mou, pt-fi provided a $115 million assurance bond to support its commitment for smelter development, agreed to increase royalty rates and agreed to pay export duties (which were set at 7.5 percent, declining to 5.0 percent when smelter development progress exceeds 7.5 percent and are eliminated when development progress exceeds 30 percent). the mou also anticipated an amendment of the cow within six months to address other matters; however, no terms of the cow other than those relating to the smelter bond, increased royalties and export duties were changed. in january 2015, the mou was extended to july 25, 2015, and it expired on that date. the increased royalty rates, export duties and smelter assurance bond remain in effect.
pt-fi is required to apply for renewal of export permits at six-month intervals. on july 29, 2015, pt-fi's export permit was renewed through january 28, 2016. in connection with the renewal, export duties were reduced to 5.0 percent, as a result of smelter development progress. on february 9, 2016, pt-fi's export permit was renewed through august 8, 2016. pt-fi will continue to pay a 5.0 percent export duty on concentrate while it reviews its smelter progress with the indonesian government.
as of december 31, 2015, we owned 90.64 percent of pt-fi, and the remaining 9.36 percent was owned by the indonesian government. upon completion of an amended cow, which has not yet occurred, we and pt-fi have agreed to divest to the indonesian national or local governments and/or indonesian nationals up to a 30 percent interest (an additional 20.64 percent) in pt-fi at fair market value.
pt-fi is engaged in active discussions with the indonesian government regarding an amended cow. the revisions to the cow are expected to result in additional costs for our indonesian operations. we cannot predict whether we will be successful in reaching a satisfactory agreement on the terms of our long-term mining rights. it has been difficult to get firm or final commitments from the indonesian government. as a result, the outcome of these discussions remains uncertain. if we are unable to reach agreement with the government on our long-term rights, we may be required to reduce or defer investments in our underground development projects, which would materially and adversely affect future production and reserves. in addition, we cannot predict whether our applications for renewal of export permits, which are required at six-month intervals, will be granted on a timely basis or whether we will be permitted to export concentrate after august 8, 2016. recent media reports have indicated that the indonesia government is considering revisions to the 2009 mining law. it is unclear how any such changes would impact our current negotiations with the indonesian government related to the extension and amendment of the cow, smelter development, export permits and other significant issues.
indonesia has long faced separatist movements and civil and religious strife in a number of provinces. several separatist groups have sought increased political independence for the province of papua, where our grasberg minerals district is located. in papua, there have been sporadic attacks on civilians by separatists and sporadic but highly publicized conflicts between separatists and the indonesian military. in addition, illegal miners have periodically clashed with police who have attempted for years to move them away from our facilities. social, economic and political instability in papua could materially and adversely affect us if it results in damage to our property or interruption of our indonesia operations.
in 2009, a series of shooting incidents occurred within the pt-fi project area, including along the road leading to our mining and milling operations. the shooting incidents have continued on a sporadic basis with the last incident occurring on january 1, 2015. during this time, there were 20 fatalities and 59 injuries to our employees, contractor employees, government security personnel and civilians. to date, no one person or group has claimed responsibility for the shootings. the safety of our workforce is a critical concern, and pt-fi continues to work with the indonesian government to address security issues. the investigation of these incidents is ongoing. we also continue to limit the use of the road leading to our mining and milling operations to secured convoys.
we cannot predict whether additional incidents will occur that could disrupt or suspend our indonesian operations. if other disruptive incidents occur, they could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition in ways that we cannot predict at this time. for further discussion of labor disruptions at pt-fi, refer to the operational risk factor "labor unrest and activism could disrupt our operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects."
54
we will not mine all of our ore reserves in indonesia before the initial term of our cow expires.
the initial term of pt-fi's cow expires in 2021, but can be extended for two 10-year periods subject to indonesian government approval, which pursuant to the cow cannot be withheld or delayed unreasonably. our proven and probable ore reserves in indonesia reflect estimates of minerals that can be recovered through the end of 2041, and our current mine plan and planned operations are based on the assumption that we will receive the two 10-year extensions. as a result, we will not mine all of these ore reserves during the initial term of the current cow. prior to the end of 2021, we expect to mine 21 percent of aggregate proven and probable recoverable ore at december 31, 2015, representing 27 percent of pt-fi's share of recoverable copper reserves and 38 percent of its share of recoverable gold reserves. there can be no assurance that the indonesian government will approve our cow extensions. for further discussion, refer to the above risk factor "because our grasberg minerals district is a significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties and security risks in indonesia."
pt-fi's cow may be subject to termination if we do not comply with our contractual obligations, and if a dispute arises, we may have to submit to the jurisdiction of an international arbitration panel.
pt-fi's cow was entered into under indonesia's 1967 foreign capital investment law, which provides guarantees of remittance rights and protection against nationalization. the cow may be subject to termination by the indonesian government if we do not satisfy our contractual obligations, which include the payment of royalties and taxes to the government and the satisfaction of certain mining, environmental, safety and health requirements.
recently adopted indonesian laws and regulations conflict with the mining rights established under the cow. although the cow grants to pt-fi the unencumbered right to operate in accordance with the cow, government agencies have sought and may continue to seek to impose additional restrictions on pt-fi that could affect exploration and operating requirements. for further discussion, refer to the above risk factor "because our grasberg minerals district is a significant operating asset, our business may continue to be adversely affected by political, economic and social uncertainties and security risks in indonesia."
at times, certain government officials and others in indonesia have questioned the validity of contracts entered into by the indonesian government prior to may 1998 (i.e., during the suharto regime, which lasted over 30 years), including pt-fi's cow, which was signed in december 1991. we cannot provide assurance that the validity of, or our compliance with, the cow will not be challenged for political or other reasons.
pt-fi's cow requires that disputes with the indonesian government be submitted to international arbitration. accordingly, if a dispute arises under the cow, we face the risk of having to submit to the jurisdiction of an international arbitration panel, and if we prevail in such a dispute, we will face the additional risk of having to enforce the judgment of an international arbitration panel against indonesia within its own territory. additionally, our operations may be materially and adversely affected while resolution of a dispute is pending, and such a dispute could be pending for years.
the tenke fungurume (tenke) minerals district is located in the southeast region of the drc, and may be adversely affected by security risks and political, economic and social instability in the drc.
since gaining independence in 1960, the drc has undergone outbreaks of violence, changes in national leadership and financial crises. the drc held its first democratic elections in 2006. president joseph kabila, elected in 2006 and currently serving his second five-year term, is not eligible under the drc constitution for reelection. the next presidential election is scheduled to be held in november 2016 but recent reports indicate that the government may delay the elections, which could lead to additional unrest. these factors heighten the risk of abrupt changes in the national policy toward foreign investors, which in turn could result in unilateral modification of concessions or contracts, increased taxation, denial of permits or permit renewals or expropriation of assets. as part of a review of all mining contracts by the ministry of mines (the ministry) in the drc, in february 2008, we received notification that the ministry wished to renegotiate several material provisions of tenke fungurume mining s.a.'s (tfm) mining contracts. in october 2010, the drc government concluded its review of tfm's existing mining contracts and confirmed that they were in good standing. in connection with the review, several amendments were made to tfm's mining contracts and governing documents, and in march 2012, fcx's effective ownership in tfm was reduced from 57.75 percent to 56 percent.
55
political, economic, social and security risks in the drc are generally outside of our control and could adversely affect our business. these risks include legal and regulatory uncertainties with limited effective recourse through the courts; exposure to an environment of governmental corruption and bribery; unwarranted attempts to increase taxes or make claims for fees and penalties by governmental officials, including retroactive claims; administrative disputes; security risks resulting from political instability; risks associated with illegal mining activity on tenke's concession; and risk of loss because of civil strife, acts of war, guerrilla activities, insurrection and terrorism.
in addition to ongoing conflict in the eastern region of the drc, there have been acts of violence in the southeast region of the drc where the tenke minerals district is located. the safety of our workforce at all of our operations is our highest priority, and tfm works cooperatively with government officials to address security issues; however, no assurance can be given that conflict or random acts of violence will not occur near or impact tenke's operations.
accordingly, our tenke operations and future development activities at the tenke minerals district may be substantially affected by factors beyond our control, any of which could interrupt tfm's operations or future development activities and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
operational risks our mining and oil and gas operations are subject to operational risks that could adversely affect our business.
our mines are very large in scale and, by their nature are subject to significant operational risks, some of which are outside of our control, and many of which are not covered fully, or in some cases even partially, by insurance. these operational risks, which could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results and cash flow, include earthquakes, rainstorms, floods, and other natural disasters; equipment failures; accidents; wall failures and rock slides in our open-pit mines, and structural collapses of our underground mines or tailings impoundments; and lower than expected ore grades or recovery rates.
the waste rock (including overburden) and tailings produced in our mining operations represent our largest volume of waste. managing the volume of waste rock and tailings presents significant environmental, safety and engineering challenges and risks. we maintain large leach pads and tailings impoundments containing viscous material, which are effectively large dams that must be engineered, constructed and monitored to assure structural stability and avoid leakages or structural collapse. our tailings impoundments in arid areas must have effective programs to suppress fugitive dust emissions, and we must effectively monitor and treat acid rock drainage at all of our operations. in indonesia, we use a river transport system for tailings management, which presents other risks, as discussed elsewhere in these risk factors.
the failure of tailings and other impoundments at any of our mining operations could cause severe property and environmental damage and loss of life, and we apply significant financial resources and both internal and external technical resources to the effective, safe management of all those facilities. the importance of careful design, management and monitoring of large impoundments was emphasized recently by large scale tailings dam failures at unaffiliated mines, which caused extensive property and environmental damage and resulted in the loss of life.
our oil and gas operations are also subject to operating hazards, including well blowouts, cratering, explosions, fires, uncontrollable flows of oil, gas or well fluids and pipeline ruptures, as well as natural disasters such as earthquakes, mudslides and hurricanes. our operations in california, including transportation of oil by pipelines within the city and county of los angeles, are especially susceptible to damage from earthquakes and involve increased risks of personal injury, property damage and marketing interruptions because of the population density of southern california. our operations in the gulf of mexico (gom) and gulf coast region are particularly susceptible to interruption and damage from hurricanes. any of these operating hazards could cause personal injuries, fatalities, oil spills, discharge of hazardous substances into the air, soil, water and groundwater and other property or environmental damage, lost production and revenue, remediation and clean-up costs and liability for damages, all of which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations and may not be fully covered by our insurance.
56
labor unrest and activism could disrupt our operations and may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
as of december 31, 2015, 48 percent of our global labor force was covered by collective bargaining agreements and 4 percent of our global labor force was covered by agreements that expired in 2015 and are currently being negotiated or will expire during 2016, including the agreement covering employees at our el abra mine in chile. none of the employees of our oil and gas operations are represented by a union or covered by a collective labor agreement. labor agreements are negotiated on a periodic basis, and may not be renewed on reasonably satisfactory terms to us or at all. if we do not successfully negotiate new collective bargaining agreements with our union workers, we may incur prolonged strikes and other work stoppages at our mining operations, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. additionally, if we enter into a new labor agreement with any union that significantly increases our labor costs relative to our competitors, our ability to compete may be materially and adversely affected. refer to items 1. and 2., "business and properties," for additional information regarding labor matters, and expiration dates of such agreements.
we could also experience labor disruptions such as work stoppages, work slowdowns, union organizing campaigns, strikes, or lockouts which could adversely affect our operations. for example, our pt-fi operations were affected by work stoppages in 2011 and during first-quarter 2012. in october 2014, a large percentage of grasberg open-pit operators did not report to their scheduled shifts, notwithstanding approval of resumption of operations by indonesian authorities upon completion of their investigation of a fatal haul truck accident that occurred near the grasberg open pit. significant reductions in productivity or protracted work stoppages at one or more of our operations could significantly reduce our production and sales volumes, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our mining operations depend on the availability of secure water supplies.
our mining operations require physical availability and secure legal rights to significant quantities of water for mining and ore processing activities, and related support facilities. most of our north and south america mining operations are in areas where competition for water supplies is significant. continuous production at our mines is dependent on many factors, including our ability to maintain our water rights and claims, and the continuing physical availability of the water supplies.
in arizona, where our operations use both surface and ground water, we are a participant in two active general stream adjudications in which the arizona courts have been attempting, for over 40 years, to quantify and prioritize surface water claims for two of the state's largest river systems, which primarily affect our morenci, safford, sierrita and miami mines. the adjudications are addressing the state law claims of thousands of competing users, including us, as well as significant federal water claims that are potentially adverse to the state law claims of both surface water and groundwater users. groundwater is treated differently from surface water under arizona law, which historically allowed land owners to pump unlimited quantities of subsurface water, subject only to the requirement of putting it to "reasonable use." however, court decisions in one of the adjudications have concluded that underground water is often hydrologically connected to surface water so that it actually is surface water and is therefore subject to the arizona doctrine of prior appropriation, as a result of which it would be subject to the adjudication and potentially unavailable to groundwater pumpers in the absence of valid surface water claims, which historic groundwater pumpers typically do not have. any re-characterization of groundwater as surface water could affect the ability of consumers, farmers, ranchers, municipalities, and industrial users like us to continue to access water supplies that have been relied on for decades. because we are a user of both groundwater and surface water in arizona, we are an active participant in the adjudication proceedings.
water for our cerro verde operation in peru comes from renewable sources through a series of storage reservoirs on the rio chili watershed that collects water primarily from seasonal precipitation. as a result of occasional drought conditions, temporary supply shortages are possible that could affect our cerro verde operations. in january 2016, the peruvian government declared a temporary state of emergency with respect to the water supply in the rio chili basin because of drought conditions. as a result, the cerro verde water rights from the rio chili were temporarily decreased by 18 percent beginning in february 2016. the peruvian government will continue to evaluate supply availability in the subsequent months dependent on monthly precipitation.
water for our el abra mining operation in chile comes from the continued pumping of groundwater from the salar de ascotán aquifer. in 2010, el abra obtained regulatory approval, for the continued pumping of groundwater from the salar de ascotán aquifer for its sulfide processing plant, which began operations in 2011. the agreement to
57
pump from this aquifer is subject to continued monitoring of the aquifer level to ensure that environmentally sensitive areas are not impacted by our pumping. if impact occurs, we would have to reduce pumping to restore water levels which could affect production from el abra.
although we typically have sufficient water for our indonesian operations, lower rainfall resulting from el niño weather conditions in the second half of 2015 has impacted operations and may continue to impact operations in 2016.
although each of our mining operations currently has access to sufficient water supplies to support current operational demands, as discussed above some supplies are subject to adjudication proceedings, the outcome of which we cannot predict, and the availability of additional supplies that may be required for potential future expansions is uncertain. the loss of a water right or currently available water supply could force us to curtail operations or force premature closures, thereby increasing and/or accelerating costs or foregoing profitable operations.
in addition to the usual risks encountered in the mining industry, our indonesia and africa mining operations involve additional risks because they are located in very remote areas and, in indonesia, unusually difficult terrain.
the grasberg minerals district is located in steep mountainous terrain in a remote area of indonesia. these conditions have required us to overcome special engineering difficulties and develop extensive infrastructure facilities. in addition, the area receives considerable rainfall, which has led to periodic floods and mudslides. the mine site is also in an active seismic area and has experienced earth tremors from time to time. our insurance may not sufficiently cover an unexpected natural or operating disaster.
underground mining operations can be particularly dangerous, and in may 2013, a tragic accident, which resulted in 28 fatalities and 10 injuries, occurred at pt-fi when the rock structure above the underground ceiling of a training facility collapsed. pt-fi temporarily suspended mining and processing activities at the grasberg complex to conduct inspections and resumed open-pit mining and concentrating activities on june 24, 2013, and underground operations on july 9, 2013. no assurance can be given that similar events will not occur in the future.
the tenke minerals district is located in a remote area of the drc and is subject to challenges, such as severely limited infrastructure, including road, bridge and rail access that is in disrepair and receives minimal maintenance; limited and unreliable energy supply from antiquated equipment and from power distribution corridors that are not maintained; difficulties in attracting and retaining experienced personnel; security risks; and limited health care in an area plagued by disease and other potential endemic health issues, including malaria, cholera and hiv.
additionally, because of limited rail access, we currently truck a significant portion of the production from the tenke minerals district approximately 1,900 miles to ports in south africa. the tenke minerals district and its future development may be substantially affected by factors beyond our control, which could adversely affect its contribution to our operating results and increase the cost of future development.
we must continually replace reserves depleted by production, but our exploration activities may not result in additional discoveries.
our existing mineral and oil and natural gas reserves will be depleted over time by production from our operations. because our profits are derived from our mining and oil and gas operations, our ability to replenish our reserves is essential to our long-term success. our exploration projects involve many risks, require substantial expenditures and may not result in the discovery of additional deposits or reservoirs that can be produced profitably. we may not be able to discover, enhance, develop or acquire reserves in sufficient quantities to maintain or grow our current reserve levels, which could negatively affect our business and prospects.
development projects are inherently risky and may require more capital than anticipated, which could adversely affect our business.
consolidated capital expenditures are expected to approximate $3.4 billion for 2016, including $1.9 billion from the mining business (reflecting $1.4 billion for major projects primarily for underground development activities at grasberg and remaining costs for the cerro verde expansion and $0.5 billion for sustaining capital) and $1.5 billion for oil and gas operations.
58
there are many risks and uncertainties inherent in all development projects. the economic feasibility of development projects is based on many factors, including the accuracy of estimated reserves, estimated capital and operating costs, and estimated future prices of the relevant commodity. the capital expenditures and time required to develop new mines, wells, or other projects are considerable, and changes in costs or construction or drilling schedules can adversely affect project economics.
new development projects have no operating history upon which to base estimates of future cash flow. the actual costs, production rates and economic returns of our development projects may differ materially from our estimates, which may have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
operations in the deepwater gom present greater operating risks than operations in the shallower waters or onshore. in addition, our shallow water and onshore operations that target ultra-deep prospects involve greater risks and costs than conventional gom shelf and onshore gulf coast prospects.
the deepwater gom presents significant challenges because of risks associated with geological complexity, water depth and higher drilling and development costs. for example, in april 2010, the deepwater horizon, an unaffiliated offshore drilling rig located in the deepwater gom, sank following an explosion and fire, resulting in fatalities and the discharge of substantial amounts of oil into the gom until mid-july 2010 when the flow of oil was finally stopped. the u.s. department of interior imposed a moratorium on deepwater drilling from may through october 2010 and also issued a series of rules and notices to lessees and operators imposing new and more stringent regulatory safety and performance requirements and permitting procedures for new wells to be drilled in the deepwater gom, all of which significantly and adversely disrupted oil and gas exploration activities in the gom and resulted in increased costs.
the deepwater gom also lacks the infrastructure present in shallower waters, which can result in significant delays in obtaining or maintaining production. as a result, deepwater operations may require significant time between a discovery and marketability, thereby increasing the financial risk of these operations.
our operations are subject to extensive regulations, some of which require permits and other approvals. these regulations increase our costs and in some circumstances may delay or suspend our operations.
our operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that are subject to change and to changing interpretation by governmental agencies and other bodies vested with broad supervisory authority. as a natural resource company, compliance with environmental legal requirements is an integral and costly part of our business. for additional information, see "environmental risks." we are also subject to extensive regulation of worker health and safety, including the requirements of the u.s. occupational safety and health act and similar laws of other jurisdictions. in the u.s., the operation of our mines is subject to regulation by the u.s. mine safety and health administration (msha) under the federal mine safety and health act of 1977. msha inspects our mines on a regular basis and issues citations and orders when it believes a violation has occurred. if such inspections result in an alleged violation, we may be subject to fines and penalties and, in instances of alleged significant violations, our mining operations could be subject to temporary or extended closures.
our oil and gas operations are subject to extensive laws and regulations that require, among other things, permits for the drilling and operation of wells and bonding and insurance to drill, operate and plug and abandon wells, and that regulate the safety of our pipelines. our u.s. offshore operations in federal waters are subject to broad regulation by the boem/bsee, which among other things must issue permits in connection with our exploration, drilling, development and production plans. under certain circumstances boem/bsee may impose penalties and may suspend or terminate any of our operations on federal leases. many other governmental bodies regulate our operations, and our failure to comply with these legal requirements can result in substantial penalties. in addition, new laws and regulations or changes to existing laws and regulations and new interpretations of existing laws and regulations by courts or regulatory authorities occur regularly, but are difficult to predict. any such variations could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects.
our business may be adversely affected by information technology disruptions.
cybersecurity incidents are increasing in frequency, evolving in nature and include, but are not limited to, installation of malicious software, unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and the
59
corruption of data. we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past and may experience them in the future. we believe we have implemented appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks. however, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of information technology disruptions, we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses from remedial actions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
environmental risks our operations are subject to complex, evolving and increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations. compliance with environmental regulatory requirements involves significant costs and may constrain existing operations or expansion opportunities.
our operations, both in the u.s. and internationally, are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations governing the generation, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous substances; solid waste disposal; air emissions; wastewater discharges; remediation, restoration and reclamation of environmental contamination, including oil spill cleanup; mine closures and reclamation; well plug and abandonment requirements; protection of endangered and protected species and designation of critical habitats; and other related matters. in addition, we must obtain regulatory permits and approvals to start, continue and expand operations.
our miami, arizona smelter processes 44 percent of the aggregate copper concentrate produced by our north america copper mines. epa regulations require us to invest in new pollution control equipment to reduce sulfur dioxide (so2) to meet both regional haze requirements and to allow the state of arizona to demonstrate compliance with epa's so2 ambient air quality standards. the deadline for the smelter to install the so2 pollution control equipment to comply with the regional haze rules is january 1, 2018. the arizona rules for complying with the national ambient air quality standards are still being developed by state regulators and are subject to epa approval, and it is not clear when they will become effective, but it is possible that they will be effective prior to january 1, 2018. we expect capital expenditures for this project (to meet both regulatory requirements) to total approximately $250 million, and we expect those expenditures to be made through 2018. if these expenditures are delayed or deferred for technical, financial or any other reasons, we may be forced to curtail production at the miami smelter, which would require us to export concentrate rather than process it ourselves and to purchase sulphuric acid that would otherwise be generated during the smelting process, which would result in increased production costs.
laws such as cercla and similar state laws may expose us to joint and several liability for environmental damages caused by previous owners or operators of properties we acquired or are currently operating or at sites where we sent materials for processing, recycling or disposal. as discussed in more detail in the next risk factor, we have substantial obligations for environmental remediation on mining properties previously owned or operated by freeport minerals corporation (fmc) and certain of its affiliates. some of our onshore california oil and gas fields have been in operation for more than 100 years, and legal requirements may require substantial expenditures to remediate the properties or to otherwise comply with these requirements. noncompliance with these laws and regulations could result in material penalties or other liabilities. in addition, compliance with these laws may from time to time result in delays in or changes to our development or expansion plans. compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs, which we expect will continue to increase over time because of increased regulatory oversight, adoption of increasingly stringent environmental standards, as well as other factors.
new or revised environmental regulatory requirements are frequently proposed, many of which result in substantially increased costs for our business, including those regarding financial assurance in the financial risk factor above. in addition, in 2015, the epa promulgated rules that could reclassify certain mineral processing materials as "hazardous waste" under the federal resource conservation and recovery act and subject the industry to significant new and costly waste management requirements. these rules are currently being challenged by multiple parties in court; however, if the legal challenges are unsuccessful, the reclassification of certain mineral processing materials as "hazardous waste'" could materially increase costs at our u.s. copper and molybdenum processing facilities.
the epa also recently adopted rules that bring remote "tributaries" into the regulatory definition of "waters of the united states" that are protected by the clean water act, thereby imposing significant additional restrictions on waterway discharges and land uses, and is in many ways aggressively attempting to expand its regulatory authority over air quality, water quality and solid wastes, among other things. regulations are also being considered at various governmental levels to increase federal financial responsibility requirements both for mine closure and reclamation and for oil and gas decommissioning, and to increase regulation of or prohibit hydraulic fracturing.
60
adoption of these or similar new environmental regulations or more stringent application of existing regulations may materially increase our costs, threaten certain operating activities and constrain our expansion opportunities.
in february 2016, the department of the interior's fish & wildlife service (fws) adopted final rules that broaden the regulatory definitions of "critical habitat" and "destruction or adverse modification," both of which are integral to the fws's implementation of the endangered species act, which protects federally-listed endangered and threatened species. the new rules increase fws's discretion to limit uses of land and water courses that may become suitable habitat for listed species in the future, or that are occasionally used by protected species. the new rules may limit the ability of landowners, including us, to obtain federal permits or authorizations needed for expansion of our operations, and may also affect our ability to obtain, retain or deliver water to some operations.
during 2015, we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs (including our joint venture partners' shares) to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations of $421 million, compared with $405 million in 2014 and $595 million in 2013. for 2016, we expect to incur approximately $495 million of aggregate environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs. the timing and amounts of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and costs of reclamation and plug and abandonment activities, the settlement of environmental matters and the rate at which actual spending occurs on continuing matters.
we incur significant costs for remediating environmental conditions on mining properties that have not been operated in many years.
fmc and its subsidiaries, and many of their affiliates and predecessor companies have been involved in exploration, mining, milling, smelting and manufacturing in the u.s. for more than a century. activities that occurred in the late 19th century and the 20th century prior to the advent of modern environmental laws were not subject to environmental regulation and were conducted before american industrial companies fully understood the long-term effects of their operations on the surrounding environment.
with the passage of cercla in 1980, companies like fmc became legally responsible for remediating hazardous substances released into the environment from properties owned or operated by them as well as properties where they arranged for disposal of such substances, irrespective of when the release to the environment occurred or who caused it. that liability is often asserted on a joint and several basis with other prior and subsequent owners, operators and arrangers, meaning that each owner or operator of the property is, and each arranger may be, held fully responsible for the remediation, although in many cases some or all of the other responsible parties no longer exist, do not have the financial ability to respond or cannot be found. as a result, because of our acquisition of fmc in 2007, many of the subsidiary companies we now own are potentially responsible for a wide variety of environmental remediation projects throughout the u.s., and we expect to spend substantial sums annually for many years to address those remediation issues. we are also subject to claims where the release of hazardous substances is alleged to have damaged natural resources. at december 31, 2015, we had more than 100 active remediation projects (including damaged natural resource claims) in 26 u.s. states. in addition, fmc and certain affiliates and predecessor companies were parties to agreements relating to the transfer of businesses or properties, which contained indemnification provisions relating to environmental matters, and which from time to time become the source of claims against us.
at december 31, 2015, we had $1.2 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for environmental obligations attributable to cercla or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters at closed facilities or closed portions of certain operating facilities. our environmental obligation estimates are primarily based upon:
•   our knowledge and beliefs about complex scientific and historical facts and circumstances that in many cases occurred many decades ago;
•   our beliefs and assumptions regarding the nature, extent and duration of remediation activities that we will be required to undertake and the estimated costs of those remediation activities, which are subject to varying interpretations; and
•   our beliefs regarding the requirements that are imposed on us by existing laws and regulations and, in some cases, the clarification of uncertain regulatory requirements that could materially affect our environmental obligation estimates.
61
significant adjustments to these estimates are likely to occur in the future as additional information becomes available. the actual environmental costs may exceed our current and future accruals for these costs, and any such changes could be material.
in addition, remediation standards imposed by the epa and state environmental agencies have generally become more stringent over time and may become even more stringent in the future. imposition of more stringent remediation standards poses a risk that additional remediation work could be required at our active remediation sites and at sites that we have already remediated to the satisfaction of the responsible governmental agencies, and may increase the risk of toxic tort litigation.
refer to note 12 for further discussion of our environmental obligations.
our indonesia mining operations create difficult and costly environmental challenges, and future changes in environmental laws, or unanticipated environmental impacts from those operations, could require us to incur increased costs.
mining operations on the scale of our indonesia operations involve significant environmental risks and challenges. our primary challenge is to dispose of the large amount of crushed and ground rock material, called tailings, that results from the process by which we physically separate the copper-, gold- and silver-bearing materials from the ore that we mine. our tailings management plan, which has been approved by the indonesian government, uses the unnavigable river system in the highlands near our mine to transport the tailings to an engineered area in the lowlands where the tailings and natural sediments are managed in a deposition area. lateral levees have been constructed to help contain the footprint of the tailings and to limit their impact in the lowlands.
another major environmental challenge is managing overburden, which is the rock that must be moved aside in the mining process to reach the ore. in the presence of air, water and naturally occurring bacteria, some overburden can generate acid rock drainage, or acidic water containing dissolved metals that, if not properly managed, can adversely affect the environment. in addition, overburden stockpiles are subject to erosion caused by the large amounts of rainfall, with the eroded stockpile material eventually being deposited in the lowlands tailings management area; this additional material, while predicted in our environmental studies, could influence the deposition of finer tailings material in the estuary.
from time to time, certain indonesian government officials have raised questions with respect to our tailings and overburden management plans, including a suggestion that we implement a pipeline system rather than the river transport system for tailings management and disposition. because our indonesia mining operations are remotely located in steep mountainous terrain and in an active seismic area, a pipeline system would be costly, difficult to construct and maintain, and more prone to catastrophic failure, and could therefore involve significant potentially adverse environmental issues. based on our own studies and others conducted by third parties, we do not believe that a pipeline system is necessary or practical.
regulation of greenhouse gas emissions and climate change issues may increase our costs and adversely affect our operations.
many scientists believe that emissions from the combustion of carbon-based fuels contribute to greenhouse effects and, therefore, contribute to climate change. carbon-based energy is a significant input in our operations, and our revenues include sales of oil, natural gas liquids and natural gas, and other carbon-based energy products. the potential physical impacts of climate change on our operations are highly uncertain, and would vary by operation based on particular geographic circumstances. as a result of the paris agreement reached during the 21st conference of the parties to the united nations framework convention on climate change in 2015, a number of governments have pledged "nationally determined contributions" to control and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. in the u.s., the epa has finalized regulations governing greenhouse gas emissions from new, modified, and existing power plants. while these rules are being challenged in court, increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions may increase our costs and may also affect the demand for the oil and gas we produce.
62
other risks our holding company structure may impact our ability to service debt and our stockholders' ability to receive dividends.
we are a holding company with no material assets other than the capital stock of our subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to repay our indebtedness and pay dividends is dependent on the generation of cash flow by our subsidiaries and their ability to make such cash available to us, by dividend, loan, debt repayment or otherwise. our subsidiaries do not have any obligation to make funds available to us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. dividends from subsidiaries that are not wholly owned are shared with other equity owners. cash at our international operations is also typically subject to foreign withholding taxes upon repatriation into the u.s.
in addition, our subsidiaries may not be able to, or be permitted to, make distributions to us or repay loans to us, to enable us to repay our indebtedness or pay dividends. each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity and, under certain circumstances, legal restrictions, as well as the financial condition and operating requirements of our subsidiaries, may limit our ability to obtain cash from our subsidiaries. certain of our subsidiaries are parties to credit agreements that restrict their ability to make distributions or loan repayments to us if such subsidiary is in default under such agreements, to repay any subordinated loan we may make to such subsidiary unless specified conditions are met, or to transfer substantially all of the assets of such subsidiary without the consent of the lenders.
our rights to participate in any distribution of our subsidiaries' assets upon their liquidation, reorganization or insolvency would generally be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiaries' creditors, including any trade creditors.
anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and delaware law may make an acquisition of us more difficult.
anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and delaware law may make an acquisition of us more difficult. these provisions:
•   authorize the board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval and to designate the rights, preferences and privileges of each class; if issued, such preferred stock would increase the number of outstanding shares of our capital stock and could include terms that may deter an acquisition of us;
•   establish advance notice requirements for nominations to the board or for proposals that can be presented at stockholder meetings;
•   limit who may call stockholder meetings; and
•   require the approval of the holders of two thirds of our outstanding common stock to enter into certain business combination transactions, subject to certain exceptions, including if the consideration to be received by our common stockholders in the transaction is deemed to be a fair price.
these provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts, discourage bids for our common stock at a premium over market price or adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, our common stock. these provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by the board.
in addition, because we are incorporated in delaware, we are governed by the provisions of section 203 of the delaware general corporation law, which may prohibit large stockholders from consummating a merger with, or acquisition of, us.
these provisions may deter an acquisition of us that might otherwise be attractive to stockholders.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles (gaap)
in the u.s. the preparation of these statements requires that we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. we base these estimates on historical experience and on assumptions that we consider reasonable under the circumstances; however, reported results could differ from those based on the current estimates under different assumptions or conditions. the areas requiring the use of management's estimates are also discussed in note 1 under the subheading "use of estimates." management has reviewed the following discussion of its development and selection of critical accounting estimates with the audit committee of our board.
mineral reserves recoverable proven and probable reserves are the part of a mineral deposit that can be economically and legally extracted or produced at the time of the reserve determination. the determination of reserves involves numerous uncertainties with respect to the ultimate geology of the ore bodies, including quantities, grades and recovery rates. estimating the quantity and grade of mineral reserves requires us to determine the size, shape and depth of our ore bodies by analyzing geological data, such as samplings of drill holes, tunnels and other underground workings. in addition to the geology of our mines, assumptions are required to determine the economic feasibility of mining these reserves, including estimates of future commodity prices and demand, the mining methods we use and the related costs incurred to develop and mine our reserves. our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral
78
table of contents reserves are prepared by and are the responsibility of our employees. a majority of these estimates are reviewed annually and verified by independent experts in mining, geology and reserve determination.
at december 31, 2015 , our consolidated estimated recoverable proven and probable reserves were determined using long-term average prices of $2.00 per pound for copper, $1,000 per ounce for gold and $10 per pound for molybdenum.
the following table summarizes changes in our estimated consolidated recoverable proven and probable copper, gold and molybdenum reserves during 2015 and 2014 :
gold    molybdenum coppera     (million      (billion consolidated reserves at december 31,            (billion     ounces)       pounds)
2013                                      111.2  pounds)         31.3          3.26
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
net additions/revisions                    (0.1  )               -0.6         -0.05
production                                 (3.9  )               -1.2         -0.10
sale of candelaria and ojos del salado     (3.7  )               -1.0             -
mines consolidated reserves at december 31,     103.5                  28.5          3.11
2014
net additions/revisions                       -                  -0.1          0.03
production                                 (4.0  )               -1.3         -0.09
consolidated reserves at december 31,      99.5                  27.1          3.05
2015
a.  includes estimated recoverable metals contained in stockpiles. see below for additional discussion of recoverable copper in stockpiles.
refer to note 20 for further information regarding estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves.
as discussed in note 1 , we depreciate our life-of-mine mining and milling assets and values assigned to proven and probable mineral reserves using the unit-of-production (uop) method based on our estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves. because the economic assumptions used to estimate mineral reserves may change from period to period and additional geological data is generated during the course of operations, estimates of reserves may change, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations, including changes to prospective depreciation rates and impairments of long-lived asset carrying values. excluding impacts associated with changes in the levels of finished goods inventories and based on projected copper sales volumes, if estimated copper reserves at our mines were 10 percent higher at december 31, 2015 , we estimate that our annual depreciation, depletion and amortization (dd&a) expense for 2016 would decrease by $76 million ($35 million to net income attributable to common stockholders), and a 10 percent decrease in copper reserves would increase dd&a expense by
$93 million ($43 million to net income attributable to common stockholders). we perform annual assessments of our existing assets in connection with the review of mine operating and development plans. if it is determined that assigned asset lives do not reflect the expected remaining period of benefit, any change could affect prospective depreciation rates.
as discussed below and in note 1 , we review and evaluate our long-lived assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable, and changes to our estimates of recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves could have an impact on our assessment of asset recoverability.
recoverable copper in stockpiles we record, as inventory, applicable costs for copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles that are expected to be processed in the future based on proven processing technologies. mill and leach stockpiles are evaluated periodically to ensure that they are stated at the lower of weighted-average cost or net realizable value (refer to note 4 and "consolidated results" for further discussion of inventory adjustments recorded for the three years ended december 31, 2015). accounting for recoverable copper from mill and leach stockpiles represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) it is generally impracticable to determine copper contained in mill and leach stockpiles by physical count, thus requiring management to employ reasonable estimation methods and (ii) recovery rates from leach stockpiles can vary significantly. refer to note 1 for further discussion of our accounting policy for recoverable copper in stockpiles.
at december 31, 2015 , estimated consolidated recoverable copper was 3.8 billion pounds in leach stockpiles (with a carrying value of $3.4 billion ) and 1.0 billion pounds in mill stockpiles (with a carrying value of $617 million
),
79
table of contents compared with 3.6 billion pounds in leach stockpiles (with a carrying value of $3.6 billion) and 0.9 billion pounds in mill stockpiles (with a carrying value of $446 million) at december 31, 2014.
impairment of long-lived mining assets as discussed in note 1 , we assess the carrying values of our long-lived mining assets when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the related carrying amounts of such assets may not be recoverable. in evaluating our long-lived mining assets for recoverability, we use estimates of pre-tax undiscounted future cash flows of our individual mines are used. estimates of future cash flows are derived from current business plans, which are developed using near-term metal price forecasts reflective of the current price environment and management's projections for long-term average metal prices. in addition to near- and long-term metal price assumptions, other key assumptions include estimates of commodity-based and other input costs; proven and probable mineral reserves estimates, including the timing and cost to develop and produce the reserves; value beyond proven and probable mineral reserve estimates (refer to note 1); and the use of appropriate discount rates in the measurement of fair value. we believe our estimates and models used to determine fair value are similar to what a market participant would use. as quoted market prices are unavailable for our individual mining operations, fair value is determined through the use of estimated discounted after-tax future cash flows.
as a result of declining copper and molybdenum prices, during 2015 we evaluated our long-lived mining assets for impairment, which resulted in net charges of $37 million at our tyrone mine. the december 31, 2015, evaluations of the recoverability of our copper mines were based on near-term price assumptions reflecting prevailing copper futures prices, ranging from $2.15 per pound to $2.17 per pound for comex and from $2.13 per pound to $2.16 per pound for lme, and a long-term average price of $3.00 per pound. if low copper prices persist or decline further, we could incur potentially significant additional impairments of our long-lived mining assets. the december 31,
2015, evaluations of the recoverability of our molybdenum mines used near-term price assumptions that are consistent with current market prices for molybdenum and a long-term average of $10 per pound. while continued low molybdenum prices could result in impairments of our molybdenum mines, we have incorporated changes in the commercial pricing structure for our chemicals products to promote continuation of chemical-grade production.
in addition to decreases in future metal price assumptions, other events that could result in impairment of our long-lived mining assets include, but are not limited to, decreases in estimated recoverable proven and probable mineral reserves and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on mine site production levels or costs.
oil and natural gas reserves proved reserves represent quantities of oil and gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations. the term "reasonable certainty" implies a high degree of confidence that the quantities of oil and gas actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate. engineering estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves directly impact financial accounting estimates, including dd&a and the ceiling limitation under the full cost method. our proved reserve volumes have been determined in accordance with the u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) guidelines, which require the use of an average price, calculated as the twelve-month historical average of the first-day-of-the-
month historical reference price as adjusted for location and quality differentials, unless prices are defined by contractual arrangements, excluding escalations based upon future conditions and the impact of derivative contracts. our reference prices for reserve determination are the west texas intermediate (wti) spot price for crude oil and the henry hub price for gas, which were $50.28 per barrel of oil and $2.59 per mmbtu of natural gas at december 31, 2015. these prices are held constant throughout the life of the oil and gas properties, except where such guidelines permit alternate treatment, including the use of fixed and determinable contractual escalations. in accordance with the guidelines and excluding the impact of derivative instruments, the average realized prices used in our reserve reports as of december 31, 2015, were $47.80 per barrel of oil and $2.55 per thousand cubic feet (mcf) of natural gas. actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the average prices and costs as of the date of the reserves estimate.
there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities and values of proved oil and natural gas reserves and in projecting future rates of production and the amount and timing of development expenditures, including many factors beyond our control. future development and abandonment costs are determined at least annually for each of our properties based upon its geographic location, type of production structure, water depth, reservoir depth and characteristics, currently available procedures and consultations with engineering consultants.
because these costs typically extend many years into the future, estimating these future costs is difficult and requires management to make judgments that are subject to future revisions based upon numerous factors,
80
table of contents including changing technology and the political and regulatory environment. reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating the recovery from underground accumulations of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner, and the accuracy of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. because all reserve estimates are to some degree subjective, the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered, production and operating costs, the amount and timing of future development expenditures, and future oil and natural gas sales prices may all differ from those assumed in our estimates. refer to note 21 for further information regarding estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves.
our average amortization rate per boe was $33.46 in 2015, $39.74 for 2014 and $35.54 for 2013. our oil and gas dd&a rate, after the effect of the ceiling test impairments through december 31, 2015, is expected to approximate $20
per boe. changes to estimates of proved reserves and other factors could result in changes to the prospective uop amortization rate for our oil and gas properties, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations. based on our estimated proved reserves and our net oil and gas properties subject to amortization at december 31, 2015, a 10 percent increase in our costs subject to amortization would increase our amortization rate by approximately $2 per boe and a 10 percent reduction to proved reserves would increase our amortization rate by approximately $2 per boe. changes in estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves may also affect our ceiling test calculation. refer to note 1 and "impairment of oil and gas properties" below for further discussion.
impairment of oil and gas properties as discussed in note 1 , we follow the full cost method of accounting for our oil and gas operations, whereby all costs associated with oil and gas property acquisition, exploration and development activities are capitalized and amortized to expense under the uop method on a country-by-country basis using estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves relating to each country where such activities are conducted. the costs of unproved oil and gas properties are excluded from amortization until the properties are evaluated.
under full cost accounting rules, a "ceiling test" is conducted each quarter to review the carrying value of our oil and gas properties for impairment (refer to note 1 for further discussion of the ceiling test calculation). the sec requires that the twelve-month average of the first-day-of-the-month historical reference prices be used to determine the ceiling test limitation. such prices are utilized except where different prices are fixed and determinable from applicable contracts for the remaining term of those contracts. the reference pricing in ceiling test impairment calculations may cause results that do not reflect current market conditions that exist at the end of an accounting period. for example, in periods of increasing oil and gas prices, the use of a twelve-month historical average price in the ceiling test calculation may result in an impairment. conversely, in times of declining prices, ceiling test calculations may not result in an impairment.
using wti as the reference oil price, the average price was $50.28 per barrel at december 31, 2015 , compared with
$94.99 per barrel at december 31, 2014. each quarter end since september 30, 2014, net capitalized costs with respect to fm o&g's proved u.s. oil and gas properties have exceeded the ceiling test limitation specified by the sec's full cost accounting rules, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling $13.0 billion in
2015 and $3.7 billion in 2014. in addition, during 2015 impairment charges of $164 million were recorded for international oil and gas properties, primarily related to morocco (refer to "operations - oil and gas" for further discussion).
if the twelve-month historical average price in 2016 remains below the december 31, 2015, twelve-month average of
$50.28 per barrel, the ceiling test limitation will decrease potentially resulting in additional ceiling test impairments of our oil and gas properties. the wti spot oil price was $29.64 per barrel at february 19, 2016 .
if the trailing twelve-month average prices for the period ended december 31, 2015, had been $46.03 per barrel of oil and $2.45 per mmbtu for natural gas, while all other inputs and assumptions remained constant, an additional pre-tax impairment charge of $0.6 billion would have been recorded to our oil and gas properties in 2015. these oil and natural gas prices were determined using a twelve-month simple average of the first-day-of-the-month for the eleven months ended february 2016, and the february 2016 prices were held constant for the remaining one month.
this calculation solely reflects the impact of hypothetical lower oil and natural gas prices on our ceiling test limitation and proved reserves as of december 31, 2015. the oil and natural gas price is a single variable in the estimation of our proved reserves, and other factors, as described below, could have a significant impact on future reserves and the present value of future cash flows.
81
table of contents in addition to declines in the trailing twelve-month average oil and natural gas prices, other factors that could result in future impairment of our oil and gas properties include costs transferred from unevaluated properties to the full cost pool without corresponding proved oil and natural gas reserve additions, negative reserve revisions and the future incurrence of exploration, development and production costs. during 2015 , we transferred $6.4
billion of costs associated with unevaluated properties to the full cost pool, mostly reflecting impairment of the carrying values of unevaluated properties. as fm o&g completes activities to assess its unevaluated properties, related costs currently recorded as unevaluated properties not subject to amortization will be transferred to the full cost pool. if these activities do not result in additions to discounted future net cash flows from proved oil and natural gas reserves at least equal to the related costs transferred (net of related tax effects), additional ceiling test impairments are expected to result at current price levels.
at december 31, 2015 , we had $4.8 billion of costs for unproved oil and gas properties, which are excluded from amortization. these costs will be transferred into the amortization base (i.e., full cost pool) as the properties are evaluated and proved reserves are established or if impairment is determined. we assess our unproved properties periodically (at least annually), and if impairment is indicated, the cumulative drilling costs incurred to date for such property and all or a portion of the associated leasehold costs are transferred to the full cost pool and subject to amortization. accordingly, an impairment of unproved properties does not immediately result in the recognition of a charge to the consolidated statements of income, but rather increases the costs subject to amortization and the costs subject to the ceiling limitation under the full cost accounting method. following a review of the carrying values of unevaluated properties during 2015, fm o&g determined that the carrying values of certain of its unevaluated properties were impaired primarily resulting from declines in oil prices and changes in operating plans. the transfer of costs into the amortization base involves a significant amount of judgment and may be subject to changes over time based on our drilling plans and results, geological and geophysical evaluations, the assignment of proved reserves, availability of capital and other factors.
because the transfer of unevaluated property to the full cost pool requires significant judgment and the ceiling test used to evaluate impairment of our proved oil and gas properties requires us to make several estimates and assumptions that are subject to risk and uncertainty, changes in these estimates and assumptions could result in the impairment of our oil and gas properties. events that could result in impairment of our oil and gas properties include, but are not limited to, decreases in future crude oil and natural gas prices, decreases in estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves, increases in production, development or abandonment costs and any event that might otherwise have a material adverse effect on our oil and gas production levels or costs.
environmental obligations our current and historical operating activities are subject to various national, state and local environmental laws and regulations that govern the protection of the environment, and compliance with those laws requires significant expenditures. environmental expenditures are expensed or capitalized, depending upon their future economic benefits. the guidance provided by u.s. gaap requires that liabilities for contingencies be recorded when it is probable that obligations have been incurred, and the cost can be reasonably estimated. at december 31, 2015 , environmental obligations recorded in our consolidated balance sheet totaled $1.2 billion , which reflect obligations for environmental liabilities attributed to the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act of 1980 (cercla) or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental matters. refer to notes 1 and 12 for further discussion of environmental obligations, including a summary of changes in our estimated environmental obligations for the three years ended december 31, 2015 .
accounting for environmental obligations represents a critical accounting estimate because changes to environmental laws and regulations and/or circumstances affecting our operations could result in significant changes to our estimates, which could have a significant impact on our results of operations. we perform a comprehensive annual review of our environmental obligations and also review changes in facts and circumstances associated with these obligations at least quarterly. judgments and estimates are based upon currently available facts, existing technology, presently enacted laws and regulations, remediation experience, whether or not we are a potentially responsible party (prp), the ability of other prps to pay their allocated portions and take into consideration reasonably possible outcomes. our cost estimates can change substantially as additional information becomes available regarding the nature or extent of site contamination, updated cost assumptions (including increases and decreases to cost estimates), changes in the anticipated scope and timing of remediation activities, the settlement of environmental matters, required remediation methods and actions by or against governmental agencies or private parties.
82
table of contents asset retirement obligations we record the fair value of our estimated asset retirement obligations (aros) associated with tangible long-lived assets in the period incurred. fair value is measured as the present value of cash flow estimates after considering inflation and a market risk premium. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible long-lived assets in the period incurred. these cost estimates may differ from financial assurance cost estimates for reclamation activities because of a variety of factors, including obtaining updated cost estimates for reclamation activities, the timing of reclamation activities, changes in scope and the exclusion of certain costs not considered reclamation and closure costs. at december 31, 2015 , aros recorded in our consolidated balance sheet totaled $2.8 billion , including $1.1 billion associated with our oil and gas operations. refer to notes 1 and 12 for further discussion of reclamation and closure costs, including a summary of changes in our aros for the three years ended december 31, 2015 .
generally, aro activities are specified by regulations or in permits issued by the relevant governing authority, and management judgment is required to estimate the extent and timing of expenditures. accounting for aros represents a critical accounting estimate because (i) we will not incur most of these costs for a number of years, requiring us to make estimates over a long period, (ii) reclamation and closure laws and regulations could change in the future and/or circumstances affecting our operations could change, either of which could result in significant changes to our current plans, (iii) the methods used or required to plug and abandon non-producing oil and gas wellbores, remove platforms, tanks, production equipment and flow lines, and restore the wellsite could change, (iv) calculating the fair value of our aros requires management to estimate projected cash flows, make long-term assumptions about inflation rates, determine our credit-adjusted, risk-free interest rates and determine market risk premiums that are appropriate for our operations and (v) given the magnitude of our estimated reclamation, mine closure and wellsite abandonment and restoration costs, changes in any or all of these estimates could have a significant impact on our results of operations.
taxes in preparing our annual consolidated financial statements, we estimate the actual amount of income taxes currently payable or receivable as well as deferred income tax assets and liabilities attributable to temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases.
deferred income tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which these temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred income tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates or laws is recognized in income in the period in which such changes are enacted.
our operations are in multiple jurisdictions where uncertainties arise in the application of complex tax regulations. some of these tax regimes are defined by contractual agreements with the local government, while others are defined by general tax laws and regulations. we and our subsidiaries are subject to reviews of our income tax filings and other tax payments, and disputes can arise with the taxing authorities over the interpretation of our contracts or laws. the final taxes paid may be dependent upon many factors, including negotiations with taxing authorities. in certain jurisdictions, we must pay a portion of the disputed amount to the local government in order to formally appeal the assessment. such payment is recorded as a receivable if we believe the amount is collectible.
a valuation allowance is provided for those deferred income tax assets for which the weight of available evidence suggests that the related benefits will not be realized. in determining the amount of the valuation allowance, we consider estimated future taxable income or loss as well as feasible tax planning strategies in each jurisdiction.
if we determine that we will not realize all or a portion of our deferred income tax assets, we will increase our valuation allowance. conversely, if we determine that we will ultimately be able to realize all or a portion of the related benefits for which a valuation allowance has been provided, all or a portion of the related valuation allowance will be reduced.
at december 31, 2015 , our valuation allowances totaled $4.2 billion , covering u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets, including all of our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforwards, u.s. minimum tax credit carryforwards, foreign net operating loss carryforwards, and a portion of our u.s. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards.
refer to "consolidated results - income taxes" for discussion of tax charges recording in 2015 associated with the impairment of u.s. oil and gas properties. at december 31, 2014 , valuation allowances totaled $2.4 billion , and covered a portion of our u.s. foreign tax credit carryforwards, foreign net operating loss carryforwards, u.s.
state net operating loss carryforwards and u.s. state deferred tax assets. refer to note 11 for further discussion.
83
table of contents consolidated results years ended december
31,
2015
(in millions, except summary financial data         per share amounts)                    2014a                   2013a,b
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenuesc,d,e           $                  15,877                $  21,438                $   20,921
operating (loss)        $                 (13,382  )  h,i,j,k    $      97     h,i,k      $    5,351    l incomec,d,e,f,g net (loss) income attributable to common  $                 (12,236  )  h,i,j,k,n  $  (1,308  )  h,i,k,o,p  $    2,658    l,o,p,q stockholdersd,e,f,g,m diluted net (loss)
income per share        $                  (11.31  )  h,i,j,k,n  $   (1.26  )  h,i,k,o,p  $     2.64    l,o,p,q attributable to common stockholdersd,e,f,g,m diluted weighted-average                            1,082                    1,039                     1,006
common shares outstanding operating cash flowsr   $                   3,220                $   5,631                $    6,139
capital expenditures    $                   6,353                $   7,215                $    5,286
at december 31:
cash and cash           $                     224                $     464                $    1,985
equivalents total debt, including   $                  20,428                $  18,849     s          $   20,618    s current portion a.  includes the results of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines prior to their sale in november 2014, and the results of eagle ford prior to its sale in june 2014.
b.  includes the results of fm o&g beginning june 1, 2013.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
c. as further detailed in note 16, following is a summary of revenues and operating income (loss) by operating division (in millions):
years ended december 31, revenues                                                    2015            2014            2013
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
north america copper mines           $                     5,126       $   5,616       $   5,183
south america mining                                       1,934           3,532           4,485
indonesia mining                                           2,653           3,071           4,087
africa mining                                              1,384           1,558           1,637
molybdenum mines                                             348             587             522
rod & refining                                             4,154           4,655           5,022
atlantic copper smelting & refining                        1,970           2,412           2,041
u.s. oil & gas operations                                  1,994           4,710           2,616
other mining, corporate, other &                          (3,686  )       (4,703  )       (4,672  )
eliminations total revenues                       $                    15,877       $  21,438       $  20,921
operating income (loss)
north america copper mines           $                       648       $   1,698       $   1,506
south america mining                                          67           1,220           2,063
indonesia mining                                             449             719           1,420
africa mining                                                256             548             625
molybdenum mines                                             (72  )          167             123
rod & refining                                                16              12              23
atlantic copper smelting & refining                           67              (2  )          (75  )
u.s. oil & gas operations                                (14,189  )       (4,479  )          450
other mining, corporate, other &                            (624  )          214            (784  )
eliminations total operating (loss) income        $                   (13,382  )    $      97       $   5,351
includes unfavorable adjustments to provisionally priced concentrate and cathode copper sales recognized in prior periods totaling$107 million($53 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.05per d.  share) in2015,$118 million($65 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.06per share)
in2014and$26 million($12 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.01per share) in2013.
refer to "revenues" for further discussion.
includes net noncash mark-to-market (losses) gains associated with crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts totaling$(319) million($(198) millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$(0.18)per e.  share) in2015,$627 million($389 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.37per share)
in2014and$(312) million($(194) millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$(0.19)per share)
for the seven-month period from june 1,2013, to december 31, 2013. refer to "revenues" for further discussion.
includes net charges for adjustments to environmental obligations and related litigation reserves of$43
f.  million($28 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.03per share) in2015,$76 million($50
millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.05per share) in2014and$19 million($17 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.02per share) in2013.
84
table of contents includes charges at mining operations for adjustments to copper and molybdenum inventories totaling$338
million($217 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.20per share) in 2015, and for g.  adjustments to molybdenum inventories totaling$6 million($4 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or less than $0.01 per share) in 2014 and $3 million ($2 million to net income attributable to common stockholders or less than $0.01 per share) in 2013.
includes charges to reduce the carrying value of oil and gas properties pursuant to full cost accounting rules of$13.1 billion($11.6 billionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$10.72per share)
in2015and$3.7 billion($2.3 billionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$2.24per share) in
2014. the year 2014 also includes an impairment charge of$1.7 billion($1.7 billionto net loss attributable h.  to common stockholders or$1.65per share) for the full carrying value of goodwill. as a result of the impairment to u.s. oil and gas properties, we recorded tax charges of$3.3 billionin2015to establish valuation allowances against u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets that will not generate a future benefit. these tax charges have been reflected in the after tax impacts for the impairment of oil and gas properties in 2015.
includes charges at oil and gas operations totaling$188 million($117 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.11per share) in2015, primarily for other asset impairments and inventory i.  write-downs, idle/terminated rig costs and prior year non-income tax assessments related to the california properties, and$46 million($29 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.03per share) in
2014, primarily for idle/terminated rig costs and inventory write-downs.
the year 2015 includes charges at mining operations for impairment, restructuring and other net charges j.  totaling $156 million ($94 million to net loss attributable to common stockholders or $0.09 per share) and charges for executive retirement benefits totaling $18 million ($12 million to net loss attributable to common stockholders or $0.01 per share).
includes net gains on sales of assets of$39 million($25 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.02per share) in 2015 associated with the sale of our one-third interest in the luna k.  energy power facility and$717 million($481 millionto net loss attributable to common stockholders or$0.46per share) in 2014 primarily from the sale of our 80 percent interests in the candelaria and ojos del salado mines.
the year 2013 includes charges of (i)$80 million($50 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.05per share) for transaction and related costs associated with the oil and gas acquisitions, (ii) $76 million ($49 million to net income attributable to common stockholders or $0.05 per l.  share) associated with updated mine plans at morenci that resulted in a loss in recoverable leach stockpiles, (iii)$37 million($23 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.02per share)
for restructuring an executive employment arrangement and (iv)$36 million($13 millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$0.01per share) associated with cerro verde's new labor agreements.
m.  we defer recognizing profits on intercompany sales until final sales to third parties occur. refer to
"operations - smelting & refining" for a summary of net impacts from changes in these deferrals.
the year 2015 includes a gain of $92 million ($92 million to net loss attributable to common stockholders n.  or $0.09 per share) related to net proceeds received from insurance carriers and other third parties related to the shareholder derivative litigation settlement.
includes net gains (losses) on early extinguishment of debt totaling$73 million($3 millionto net loss o.  attributable to common stockholders or less than $0.01 per share) in2014and$(35) million($(28) millionto net income attributable to common stockholders or$(0.03)per share) in2013. refer to note8for further discussion.
includes net tax charges of$103 million($0.10per share) in 2014 and net tax benefits of$199
p.  million($0.20per share) in 2013.refer to note 11 and "provision for income taxes" below for further discussion.
the year 2013 includes a gain of$128 million($128 million to net income attributable to common stockholders q.  or $0.13 per share) related to our preferred stock investment in and the subsequent acquisition of mcmoran exploration co. (mmr).
r.  includes net working capital sources (uses) and changes in other tax payments of$373 millionin2015,$(632)
millionin2014and$(377) millionin2013.
s.  amounts restated to reflect adoption of new accounting guidance for debt issuance costs, which reduced total debt and assets by $121 million in 2014 and $88 million in 2013.
85
table of contents summary operating data copper production (millions of recoverable pounds)
sales, excluding purchases (millions of recoverable pounds)
average realized price per pound site production and delivery costs per poundd unit net cash costs per poundd gold                                                     years ended december 31, production (thousands of recoverable ounces)                                 2015       2014a,b       2013a,b,c sales, excluding purchases (thousands of recoverable                        4,017         3,904           4,131
ounces)                                                                     4,070         3,888           4,086
average realized price per ounce                                             2.42          3.09            3.30
molybdenum                                                                   1.78          1.90            1.88
production (millions of recoverable pounds)                                  1.53          1.51            1.49
sales, excluding purchases (millions of recoverable                         1,257         1,214           1,250
pounds)                                                                     1,247         1,248           1,204
average realized price per pound                                            1,129         1,231           1,315
oil equivalents                                                                92            95              94
sales volumes:                                                                 89            95              93
mmboe                                                                        8.70         12.74           11.85
thousand boe (mboe) per day                                                  52.6          56.8            38.1
cash operating margin per boe:e                                               144           156             178
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
realized revenues                                     $                     43.54    $    71.83    $      76.87
cash production costs                                                       18.59         20.08           17.14
cash operating margin                                 $                     24.95    $    51.75    $      59.73
includes the results of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines prior to their sale in november 2014.
a.  sales volumes from the candelaria and ojos del salado mines totaled268 millionpounds of copper and67
thousandounces of gold in 2014 and424 millionpounds of copper and102 thousandounces of gold in 2013.
includes the results of eagle ford prior to its sale in june 2014. sales volumes from eagle ford b.  totaled8.7mmboe (24mboe per day) in 2014; excluding eagle ford, oil and gas cash production costs were$21.36per boe for the year 2014. sales volumes from eagle ford totaled9.9mmboe (46mboe per day) in
2013; excluding eagle ford, oil and gas cash production costs were$18.95per boe for the year 2013.
c.  includes the results of fm o&g beginning june 1, 2013.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
reflects per pound weighted-average production and delivery costs and unit net cash costs (net of d.  by-product credits) for all copper mines, excluding net noncash and other costs. for reconciliations of the per pound unit costs by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements, refer to "product revenues and production costs."
cash operating margin for oil and gas operations reflects realized revenues less cash production costs.
realized revenues exclude noncash mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts, and cash production e.  costs exclude accretion and other costs. for reconciliations of realized revenues and cash production costs per boe to revenues and production and delivery costs reported in our consolidated financial statements, refer to "product revenues and production costs."
86
table of contents revenues consolidated revenues totaled $15.9 billion in 2015 , $21.4 billion in 2014 and $20.9 billion in 2013 . revenues include the sale of copper concentrate, copper cathode, copper rod, gold, molybdenum, silver, cobalt and beginning june 1, 2013, the sale of oil, natural gas and ngls by our oil and gas operations. our consolidated revenues for
2015 include sales of copper ( 67 percent ), oil ( 11 percent ), gold ( 10 percent ) and molybdenum ( 5 percent ).
following is a summary of changes in our consolidated revenues between periods (in millions):
2015            2014
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
consolidated revenues - prior year        $  21,438       $  20,921
mining operations:
higher (lower) sales volumes from mining operations:
copper                                          562            (650  )
gold                                             (1  )           58
molybdenum                                      (72  )           17
(lower) higher price realizations from mining operations:
copper                                       (2,727  )         (817  )
gold                                           (127  )         (105  )
molybdenum                                     (360  )           84
net adjustments for prior year                   11             (92  )
provisionally priced copper sales lower revenues from purchased copper            (95  )         (361  )
(lower) higher atlantic copper revenues        (442  )          371
oil and gas operations:
lower oil sales volumes                        (438  )            -     a lower oil average realized prices, including cash gains (losses) on             (1,159  )            -     a derivative contracts higher oil and gas revenues, including            -           1,155
cash losses on derivative contracts net noncash mark-to-market adjustments         (946  )          939
on derivative contracts other, including intercompany                   233             (82  )
eliminations consolidated revenues - current year      $  15,877       $  21,438
a. oil sales volumes and realized prices for the year 2014, are not comparable to the year 2013, as 2013 only includes fm o&g's results beginning june 1, 2013.
mining operations sales volumes. consolidated sales volumes from our mines totaled 4.1 billion pounds of copper, 1.25 million ounces of gold and 89 million pounds of molybdenum in 2015 ; 3.9 billion pounds of copper, 1.25 million ounces of gold and
95 million pounds of molybdenum in 2014 ; and 4.1 billion pounds of copper, 1.2 million ounces of gold and 93
million pounds of molybdenum in 2013 . higher consolidated copper sales volumes in 2015 , compared with 2014 , primarily reflect higher volumes from north america associated with increased production from the morenci mill expansion project and higher ore grades at the chino mine, and higher volumes from indonesia associated with higher mill throughput because of export restrictions in 2014, partly offset by lower volumes from south america as a result of the sale of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines in november 2014.
lower consolidated copper sales volumes in 2014 , compared with 2013 , primarily reflect decreased volumes in indonesia and south america, partly offset by higher volumes from our north america copper mines.
refer to "operations" for further discussion of sales volumes at our operating divisions.
metal price realizations. our consolidated revenues can vary significantly as a result of fluctuations in the market prices of copper, gold and molybdenum, and to a lesser extent silver and cobalt. our average realized prices were 22 percent lower for copper, 8 percent lower for gold and 32 percent lower for molybdenum in 2015 , compared with 2014 . in 2014 our average realized prices for copper and gold were 6 percent lower, compared with 2013, and our average realized price for molybdenum was 8 percent higher, compared with 2013.
87
table of contents provisionally priced copper sales. impacts of net adjustments for prior year provisionally priced sales primarily relate to copper sales. substantially all of our copper concentrate and cathode sales contracts provide final copper pricing in a specified future month (generally one to four months from the shipment date) based primarily on quoted lme monthly average spot copper prices (refer to "disclosures about market risks-commodity price risk" for further discussion). revenues include unfavorable net adjustments to prior years' provisionally priced copper sales totaling $107 million in 2015 , $118 million in 2014 and $26 million in 2013 .
purchased copper. we purchased copper cathode for processing by our rod & refining segment totaling 121 million pounds in 2015, 125 million pounds in 2014 and 223 million pounds in 2013. lower purchased copper revenues in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflect lower copper prices. lower purchased copper revenues in 2014, compared with
2013, primarily reflect lower purchased copper volumes and prices.
atlantic copper revenues. lower atlantic copper revenues in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflect lower copper prices. higher atlantic copper revenues in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily reflect the impact of a major maintenance turnaround in 2013.
oil & gas operations sales volumes. oil sales volumes totaled 35.3 mmbbls in 2015 , 40.1 mmbbls in 2014 , and 26.6 mmbbls for the seven-
month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013. oil sales volumes were lower in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflecting the sale of the eagle ford shale assets in june 2014, partly offset by higher volumes in the gom. oil sales volumes for 2014, were higher than sales volumes for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting a full year of production in 2014.
refer to "operations" for further discussion of sales volumes at our oil and gas operations.
realized oil prices and derivative contracts. our average realized price for oil (excluding the impact of derivative contracts) of $45.58 per barrel in 2015 was 51 percent lower than our average realized price of $92.76
per barrel in 2014 . our average realized price for oil (excluding the impact of derivative contracts) in 2014 was
7 percent lower than our average realized price of $99.67 per barrel for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013.
in connection with the acquisition of our oil and gas business, we had derivative contracts for 2015 consisting of crude oil options, and for 2014 and 2013, we had derivative contracts that consisted of crude oil options, and crude oil and natural gas swaps (refer to note 14 for further discussion of oil and gas derivative contracts).
these crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts were not designated as hedging instruments; accordingly, they were recorded at fair value with the mark-to-market gains and losses recorded in revenues each period. cash gains
(losses) on crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts totaled $406 million in 2015 , compared with $(122)
million in 2014 and $(22) million for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013. net noncash mark-to-market (losses) gains on crude oil and natural gas derivative contracts totaled $(319) million in 2015 , compared with $627 million for 2014 and $(312) million for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december
31, 2013. fm o&g currently has no derivative contracts in place for 2016 and future years.
production and delivery costs consolidated production and delivery costs totaled $11.5 billion in 2015 , $11.9 billion in 2014 and $11.8 billion in 2013 . consolidated production and delivery costs in 2015 include asset impairment, restructuring and other net charges at mining operations totaling $156 million and charges at oil and gas operations totaling $188 million, primarily for other asset impairments and inventory write-downs, idle/terminated rig costs and prior year non-
income tax assessments related to the california properties. consolidated production and delivery costs in 2014
include charges at oil and gas operations totaling $46 million, primarily for idle/terminated rig costs and inventory write-downs. excluding these amounts, lower production and delivery costs from mining operations in 2015
, compared with 2014 , primarily reflect lower costs at our south america mines as a result of the sale of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines in november 2014 and lower diesel costs in indonesia, partly offset by higher costs at our north america mines associated with higher volumes. lower oil and gas production and delivery costs in
2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflect the sale of eagle ford in june 2014 and lower well workover expense and steam costs in california.
higher production and delivery costs for 2014, compared with 2013, were primarily associated with our oil and gas operations, which include a full year of results for 2014, partly offset by lower costs for our mining operations mostly associated with lower volumes in south america and indonesia.
88
table of contents mining unit site production and delivery costs site production and delivery costs for our copper mining operations primarily include labor, energy and commodity-
based inputs, such as sulphuric acid, reagents, liners, tires and explosives. consolidated unit site production and delivery costs (before net noncash and other costs) for our copper mines averaged $1.78 per pound of copper in 2015
, $1.90 per pound in 2014 and $1.88 per pound in 2013. lower consolidated unit site production and delivery costs in 2015 , compared with 2014, primarily reflects higher copper sales volumes in north america and indonesia. higher consolidated unit site production and delivery costs in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily reflects the impact of lower copper sales volumes in south america and indonesia, partly offset by higher volumes in north america. refer to "operations - unit net cash costs" for further discussion of unit net cash costs associated with our operating divisions, and to "product revenues and production costs" for reconciliations of per pound costs by operating division to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
our copper mining operations require significant energy, principally diesel, electricity, coal and natural gas, most of which is obtained from third parties under long-term contracts. energy represented 17 percent of our consolidated copper production costs in 2015 , including purchases of approximately 250 million gallons of diesel fuel; 7,600 gigawatt hours of electricity at our north america, south america and africa copper mining operations
(we generate all of our power at our indonesia mining operation); 800 thousand metric tons of coal for our coal power plant in indonesia; and 1 mmbtu of natural gas at certain of our north america mines. based on current cost estimates, we estimate energy will approximate 20 percent of our consolidated copper production costs for 2016 .
oil and gas production costs per boe production costs for our oil and gas operations primarily include costs incurred to operate and maintain wells and related equipment and facilities, such as lease operating expenses, steam gas costs, electricity, production and ad valorem taxes, and gathering and transportation expenses. cash production costs for our oil and gas operations averaged $18.59 per boe in 2015, $20.08 per boe in 2014 and $17.14 for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013. lower cash production costs in 2015 , compared with 2014, primarily reflects lower well workover expense and steam costs in california. higher cash production costs in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily reflects the sale of lower cost eagle ford properties in june 2014 and higher operating costs in california and the gom.
refer to "operations" for further discussion of cash production costs at our oil and gas operations.
depreciation, depletion and amortization depreciation will vary under the uop method as a result of changes in sales volumes and the related uop rates at our mining and oil and gas operations. consolidated dd&a totaled $3.5 billion in 2015 , $3.9 billion in 2014 and
$2.8 billion in 2013 . dd&a from our oil and gas operations was $487 million lower in 2015 , compared with 2014 , primarily reflecting lower dd&a rates as a result of impairments of oil and gas properties and dd&a from our mining operations was $121 million higher in 2015, compared with 2014, mostly associated with higher sales volumes in north america and indonesia.
higher dd&a in 2014 , compared with 2013 , was primarily associated with a full year of expense for oil and gas operations ( $2.3 billion in 2014 , compared with $1.4 billion for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013).
impairment of oil and gas properties under the full cost accounting rules, a "ceiling test" is conducted each quarter to review the carrying value of the oil and gas properties for impairment. each quarter end since september 30, 2014, net capitalized costs with respect to our proved u.s. oil and gas properties have exceeded the related ceiling test limitation, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling $13.0 billion in 2015 and $3.7 billion in 2014. during 2015 we also recognized impairment charges of $164 million for international oil and gas properties, primarily related to unsuccessful exploration activities in morocco. refer to note 1 and "critical accounting estimates" for further discussion, including discussion of potentially significant additional ceiling test impairments.
copper and molybdenum inventory adjustments lower copper and molybdenum prices resulted in adjustments to inventory carrying values totaling $338 million in
2015 for copper and molybdenum, and $6 million in 2014 and $3 million in 2013 for molybdenum. refer to notes 1 and
4 for further discussion.
89
table of contents selling, general and administrative expenses consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $569 million in 2015 , $592 million in 2014 and
$657 million in 2013 . lower consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses, compared with 2014 , primarily reflects lower incentive compensation, partly offset by a charge totaling $18 million for executive retirement benefits in 2015. excluding amounts for our oil and gas operations ( $207 million in 2014 and $120
million for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013) selling, general and administrative expenses were lower in 2014, compared with 2013, primarily because of transaction and related costs incurred during
2013 totaling $80 million associated with the oil and gas acquisitions.
we expect selling, general and administrative expenses to decline further in 2016, compared with 2015, as a result of ongoing initiatives to reduce costs.
consolidated selling, general and administrative expenses exclude capitalized general and administrative expenses at our oil and gas operations totaling $124 million in 2015 , $143 million in 2014 and $67 million for the seven-
month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013.
mining exploration and research expenses consolidated exploration and research expenses for our mining operations totaled $127 million in 2015 , $126
million in 2014 and $210 million in 2013 . our exploration activities are generally near our existing mines with a focus on opportunities to expand reserves and resources to support development of additional future production capacity in the large mineral districts where we currently operate. exploration results continue to indicate opportunities for what we believe could be significant future potential reserve additions in north and south america, and in the tenke minerals district. the drilling data in north america also indicates the potential for significantly expanded sulfide production. drilling results and exploration modeling provide a long-term pipeline for future growth in reserves and production capacity in an established minerals district.
exploration spending continues to be reduced from historical levels as a result of market conditions and is expected to approximate $52 million in 2016 .
as further discussed in note 1, exploration costs for our oil and gas operations are capitalized to oil and gas properties.
environmental obligations and shutdown costs environmental obligation costs reflect net revisions to our long-term environmental obligations, which vary from period to period because of changes to environmental laws and regulations, the settlement of environmental matters and/or circumstances affecting our operations that could result in significant changes in our estimates (refer to
"critical accounting estimates - environmental obligations" for further discussion). shutdown costs include care and maintenance costs and any litigation, remediation or related expenditures associated with closed facilities or operations. net charges for environmental obligations and shutdown costs totaled $78 million in 2015 , $119 million in 2014 and $66 million in 2013 . refer to note 12 for further discussion of environmental obligations and litigation matters.
goodwill impairment as further discussed in notes 1 and 2, the fourth-quarter 2014 goodwill assessment resulted in an impairment charge of $1.7 billion for the full carrying value of goodwill.
net gain on sales of assets net gain on sales of assets totaled $39 million in 2015 related to the sale of our one-third interest in the luna energy power facility in new mexico and $717 million in 2014 primarily related to the sale of our 80 percent interests in the candelaria and ojos del salado mines. refer to note 2 for further discussion.
interest expense, net consolidated interest expense (excluding capitalized interest) totaled $860 million in 2015 , $866 million in 2014
and $692 million in 2013 . higher interest expense in 2015 and 2014, compared with 2013, reflects higher borrowings related to the oil and gas acquisitions.
capitalized interest varies with the level of expenditures for our development projects and average interest rates on our borrowings, and totaled $215 million in 2015 , $236 million in 2014 and $174 million in 2013 . refer to
90

"operations" and "capital resources and liquidity - investing activities" for further discussion of current development projects.
net gain (loss) on early extinguishment of debt net gains (losses) on early extinguishment of debt totaled $73 million in 2014, primarily related to senior note redemptions and tender offers and $(35) million in 2013, associated with the termination of the bridge loan facilities for the oil and gas acquisitions, partly offset by a gain on the redemption of mmr's remaining outstanding 11.875% senior notes. refer to note 8 for further discussion.
gain on investment in mmr during 2013, we recorded a gain totaling $128 million related to the carrying value of our preferred stock investment in and the subsequent acquisition of mmr. refer to note 2 for further discussion.
other income (expense), net other income (expense) primarily includes foreign currency translation adjustments and interest income, and totaled
$6 million in 2015, $36 million in 2014 and $(13) million in 2013. the year 2015 also includes a gain of $92
million associated with net proceeds received from insurance carriers and other third parties related to the shareholder derivative litigation (refer to note 12 for further discussion).
income taxes following is a summary of the approximate amounts used in the calculation of our consolidated benefit from
(provision for) income taxes for the years ended december 31 (in millions, except percentages):
2015                          income               2014                          income income        effecti...        tax(pro...             income        effectiv...       tax(pro...
(loss)a        tax rate         benefit            (loss)a        rate             benefit
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
u.s.     $    (1,654  )  b  44%          $       720        $     1,857        30%          $      (550  )  c,d south            (40  )     (10)%                 (4  )           1,221        43%                 (531  )  e america indone...          430        45%                 (195  )             709        41%                 (293  )
africa           120        40%                  (48  )             379        31%                 (116  )
impair...
of oil       (13,144  )     37%                4,884             (3,737  )     38%                1,413
and gas proper...
valuat...
allowa...            -        n/a               (3,338  )  f            -        n/a                    -
net gain on sale of candel...
and                -        n/a                    -                671        33%                 (221  )
ojos del salado elimin...
and              267        n/a                  (84  )             193        n/a                  (26  )
other
(14,021  )     14%       h        1,935              1,293        25%                 (324  )
goodwi...            -        n/a                    -             (1,717  )  g  n/a                    -
impair...
consol...  $   (14,021  )     14%       h  $     1,935        $      (424  )     (76)%        $      (324  )
fcx a.  represents income (loss) by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliated companies' net
(losses) earnings.
includes a gain of $92 million related to net proceeds received from insurance carriers and other third b.  parties related to the shareholder derivative litigation settlement for which there is no related tax provision.
c.  includes a charge for deferred taxes recorded in connection with the allocation of goodwill to the sale of eagle ford shale assets totaling$84 million.
includes a net benefit of$41 million, comprised of$57 millionrelated to changes in u.s. state income tax d.  filing positions, partly offset by a charge of$16 millionfor a change in u.s. federal income tax law regulations.
e.  includes charges related to changes in chilean and peruvian tax rules totaling$78 million($60 millionnet of noncontrolling interests).
as a result of the impairment to u.s. oil and gas properties, we recorded tax charges to establish f.  valuation allowances against u.s. federal and state deferred tax assets that will not generate a future benefit.
g.  reflects goodwill impairment charges, which were non-deductible for tax purposes.
our consolidated effective income tax rate is a function of the combined effective tax rates for the jurisdictions in which we operate. accordingly, variations in the relative proportions of jurisdictional h.  income result in fluctuations to our consolidated effective income tax rate. assuming achievement of current sales volume and cost estimates and average prices of$2.00per pound for copper,$1,100per ounce for gold,$4.50per pound for molybdenum and$34per barrel of brent crude oil for
91

2016 , we estimate our consolidated effective tax rate for the year 2016 will approximate 40 percent excluding u.s.
domestic losses for which no benefit is expected to be realized.
following is a summary of the approximate amounts used in the calculation of our consolidated provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31 (in millions, except percentages):
income
2013                            tax(provision)benef-
incomea    effectivetax rate                         it
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
u.s.                    $    1,080    23%                  $                  (243  )
south america                2,021    36%                                     (720  )
indonesia                    1,370    44%                                     (603  )
africa                         425    31%                                     (131  )
eliminations and other          17    n/a                                       23
4,913    34%                                   (1,674  )
adjustments                      -    n/a                                      199     b consolidated fcx        $    4,913    30%                  $                (1,475  )
a.  represents income by geographic location before income taxes and equity in affiliated companies' net earnings.
b.  reflects net reductions in our deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax asset valuation allowances resulting from the oil and gas acquisitions.
refer to note 11 for further discussion of income taxes.
operations north america copper mines we operate seven open-pit copper mines in north america - morenci, bagdad, safford, sierrita and miami in arizona, and chino and tyrone in new mexico. all of the north america mining operations are wholly owned, except for morenci. we record our 85 percent joint venture interest in morenci using the proportionate consolidation method.
as further discussed in note 18 , we have entered into a definitive agreement to sell a 13 percent undivided interest in morenci. following completion of the transaction, we will own a 72 percent undivided interest in morenci.
the north america copper mines include open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching and solution extraction/electrowinning (sx/ew) operations. a majority of the copper produced at our north america copper mines is cast into copper rod by our rod & refining segment. the remainder of our north america copper sales is in the form of copper cathode or copper concentrate, a portion of which is shipped to atlantic copper (our wholly owned smelter). molybdenum concentrate and silver are also produced by certain of our north america copper mines .
operating and development activities. we have significant undeveloped reserves and resources in north america and a portfolio of potential long-term development projects. in the near term, we are deferring developing new projects as a result of current market conditions. future investments will be undertaken based on the results of economic and technical feasibility studies and market conditions.
the morenci mill expansion project, which commenced operations in may 2014, successfully achieved full rates in second-quarter 2015. the project expanded mill capacity from 50,000 metric tons of ore per day to approximately
115,000 metric tons of ore per day, which results in incremental annual production of approximately 225 million pounds of copper and an improvement in morenci's cost structure. over the next five years, morenci's copper production, including our joint venture partner share, is expected to average approximately one billion pounds per year.
our revised operating plans for the north america copper mines incorporate reductions in mining rates to reduce operating and capital costs, including the suspension of mining operations at the miami mine (which produced 43
million pounds of copper for the year 2015 ), the suspension of production at the sierrita mine (which produced 189
million pounds of copper and 21 million pounds of molybdenum for the year 2015 ), a 50 percent reduction in mining rates at the tyrone mine (which produced 84 million pounds of copper for the year 2015 ) and adjustments to mining
92
table of contents rates at other north america mines. the revised plans at each of the operations incorporate the impacts of lower energy, acid and other consumables, reduced labor costs and a significant reduction in capital spending plans.
these plans will continue to be reviewed and additional adjustments may be made as market conditions warrant.
operating data. following is summary operating data for the north america copper mines for the years ended december
31:
2015            2014            2013
operating data, net of joint venture interest copper production (millions of recoverable           1,947           1,670           1,431
pounds)
sales, excluding purchases (millions of       1,988           1,664           1,422
recoverable pounds)
average realized price per pound         $     2.47    $       3.13    $       3.36
molybdenum production (millions of recoverable              37              33              32
pounds)a
100% operating data sx/ew operations leach ore placed in stockpiles (metric      909,900       1,005,300       1,003,500
tons per day)
average copper ore grade (percent)             0.26            0.25            0.22
copper production (millions of                1,134             963             889
recoverable pounds)
mill operations ore milled (metric tons per day)            312,100         273,800         246,500
average ore grade (percent):
copper                                         0.49            0.45            0.39
molybdenum                                     0.03            0.03            0.03
copper recovery rate (percent)                 85.4            85.8            85.3
copper production (millions of                  972             828             642
recoverable pounds)
a.  refer to "consolidated results" for our consolidated molybdenum sales volumes, which includes sales of molybdenum produced at the north america copper mines.
2015 compared with 2014
copper sales volumes from our north america copper mines increased to 2.0 billion pounds in 2015 , compared with
1.66 billion pounds in 2014 , primarily because of higher mining and milling rates at morenci and higher ore grades at morenci, chino and safford. sales from the morenci mine represented 46 percent of total north america copper sales in 2015 and 41 percent in 2014.
copper sales from north america are expected to approximate 1.8 billion pounds in 2016 . refer to "outlook" for projected molybdenum sales volumes.
2014 compared with 2013
copper sales volumes from our north america copper mines increased to 1.66 billion pounds in 2014 , compared with
1.42 billion pounds in 2013 , primarily reflecting higher mining and milling rates at morenci and higher ore grades at chino.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
93
table of contents gross profit per pound of copper and molybdenum the following tables summarize unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound at our north america copper mines for the years ended december 31. refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of the "by-
product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
2015                                                 2014
by-             co-product                           by-            co-product product                 method          molyb-       product                method       molyb-
method                 copper          denuma        method                copper       denuma
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding    $     2.47        $          2.47       $    7.02    $     3.13       $          3.13    $   11.74
adjustments site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown        1.68                   1.59            5.61          1.85                  1.73         6.85
below by-product        (0.13  )                   -               -         (0.24  )                  -            -
credits treatment          0.12                   0.12               -          0.12                  0.12            -
charges unit net           1.67                   1.71            5.61          1.73                  1.85         6.85
cash costs depreciati...
depletion          0.28                   0.27            0.53          0.29                  0.27         0.60
and amortizati...
copper and molybdenum         0.07                   0.07            0.07             -                     -            -
inventory adjustments noncash and other              0.12     b             0.11            0.16          0.09                  0.09         0.07
costs, net total unit         2.14                   2.16            6.37          2.11                  2.21         7.52
costs revenue adjustment...
primarily for               (0.01  )               (0.01  )            -             -                     -            -
pricing on prior period open sales gross profit per   $     0.32        $          0.30       $    0.65    $     1.02       $          0.92    $    4.22
pound copper sales
(millions         1,985                  1,985                         1,657                 1,657
of recoverable pounds)
molybdenum sales
(millions                                                   37                                               33
of recoverable pounds)a a.  reflects sales of molybdenum produced by certain of the north america copper mines to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing.
b.  includes$0.05per pound in2015for asset impairment, restructuring and other net charges.
our north america copper mines have varying cost structures because of differences in ore grades and characteristics, processing costs, by-product credits and other factors. during 2015 , average unit net cash costs
(net of by-product credits) for the north america copper mines ranged from $1.56 per pound to $2.23 per pound at the individual mines and averaged $1.67 per pound. lower average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) in
2015 , compared with $1.73 per pound in 2014 , reflects favorable impacts from higher copper sales volumes, partly offset by lower by-product credits.
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, north america's average unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales.
assuming achievement of current volume and cost estimates and an average price of $4.50 per pound of molybdenum for
2016 , average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our north america copper mines are expected to approximate $1.49 per pound of copper in 2016 . north america's average unit net cash costs for 2016 would change by approximately $0.02 per pound for each $2 per pound change in the average price of molybdenum during 2016 .
94

2014                                              2013
by-             co-product                        by-              co-product product                 method       molyb-       product                  method       molyb-
method                 copper       denuma        method                  copper       denuma
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding     $     3.13       $           3.13    $   11.74    $     3.36        $           3.36    $   10.79
adjustments site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown         1.85                   1.73         6.85          2.00                    1.94         3.79
below by-product         (0.24  )                   -            -         (0.24  )                    -            -
credits treatment           0.12                   0.12            -          0.11                    0.11            -
charges unit net            1.73                   1.85         6.85          1.87                    2.05         3.79
cash costs depreciatio...
depletion           0.29                   0.27         0.60          0.28                    0.27         0.22
and amortization noncash and other costs,        0.09                   0.09         0.07          0.14     b              0.14         0.04
net total unit          2.11                   2.21         7.52          2.29                    2.46         4.05
costs revenue adjustments, primarily for                    -                      -            -             -                       -            -
pricing on prior period open sales gross profit  $     1.02       $           0.92    $    4.22    $     1.07        $           0.90    $    6.74
per pound copper sales
(millions of       1,657                  1,657                      1,416                   1,416
recoverable pounds)
molybdenum sales
(millions of                                              33                                                 32
recoverable pounds)a a.  reflects sales of molybdenum produced by certain of the north america copper mines to our molybdenum sales company at market-based pricing.
b.  includes $0.05 per pound associated with updated mine plans at morenci that resulted in a loss in recoverable copper in leach stockpiles.
unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our north america copper mines decreased to $1.73 per pound of copper in 2014 , compared with $1.87 per pound in 2013 , primarily reflecting higher copper sales volumes.
south america mining we operate two copper mines in south america - cerro verde in peru (in which we own a 53.56 percent interest) and el abra in chile (in which we own a 51 percent interest). these operations are consolidated in our financial statements.
south america mining includes open-pit mining, sulfide ore concentrating, leaching and sx/ew operations. production from our south america mines is sold as copper concentrate or copper cathode under long-term contracts. our south america mines also ship a portion of their copper concentrate and cathode to atlantic copper. in addition to copper, the cerro verde mine produces molybdenum concentrate and silver.
as further discussed in note 2, on november 3, 2014, we completed the sale of our 80 percent ownership interests in the candelaria and ojos del salado mines.
operating and development activities. the cerro verde expansion project commenced operations in september 2015 and is currently operating at full rates. cerro verde's expanded operations will benefit from its large-scale, long-
lived reserves and cost efficiencies. the project included expanding the concentrator facilities from 120,000
metric tons of ore per day to 360,000 metric tons of ore per day and is expected to provide incremental annual production of approximately 600 million pounds of copper and 15 million pounds of molybdenum.
our revised operating plans for our south america mines principally reflect adjustments to our mine plan at el abra
(which produced 324 million pounds of copper for the year 2015) to reduce mining and stacking rates by approximately 50 percent to achieve lower operating and labor costs, defer capital expenditures and extend the life of the existing operations.
95
table of contents operating data. following is summary operating data for our south america mining operations for the years ended december 31.
2015         2014a         2013a copper production (millions of recoverable             869         1,151         1,323
pounds)
sales (millions of recoverable pounds)          871         1,135         1,325
average realized price per pound         $     2.38    $     3.08    $     3.30
gold production (thousands of recoverable              -            72           101
ounces)
sales (thousands of recoverable ounces)           -            67           102
average realized price per ounce                  -    $    1,271    $    1,350
molybdenum production (millions of recoverable               7            11            13
pounds)b sx/ew operations leach ore placed in stockpiles (metric      193,900       275,200       274,600
tons per day)
average copper ore grade (percent)             0.44          0.48          0.50
copper production (millions of                  430           491           448
recoverable pounds)
mill operations ore milled (metric tons per day)            152,100       180,500       192,600
average ore grade:
copper (percent)                               0.46          0.54          0.65
gold (grams per metric ton)                       -          0.10          0.12
molybdenum (percent)                           0.02          0.02          0.02
copper recovery rate (percent)                 81.5          88.1          90.9
copper production (millions of                  439           660           875
recoverable pounds)
includes the results of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines, prior to their sale in november 2014 and a.  had sales volumes totaling268 millionpounds of copper and67 thousandounces of gold in 2014 and424
millionpounds of copper and102 thousandounces of gold in 2013.
b.  refer to "consolidated results" for our consolidated molybdenum sales volumes, which includes sales of molybdenum produced at cerro verde.
2015 compared with 2014
lower consolidated copper sales volumes from south america of 871 million pounds in 2015 , compared with 1.14
billion in 2014 , primarily reflect the november 2014 sale of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines and lower ore grades at el abra, partly offset by higher mining and milling rates at cerro verde.
for the year 2016, consolidated sales volumes from south america mines are expected to approximate 1.3 billion pounds of copper. refer to "outlook" for projected molybdenum sales volumes. as discussed in "risk factors"
contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 , in january
2016, the peruvian government declared a temporary state of emergency with respect to the water supply in the rio chili basin because of drought conditions, which could have a negative impact on production at cerro verde.
2014 compared with 2013
copper sales volumes from our south america mining operations totaled 1.14 billion pounds in 2014 , compared with
1.33 billion pounds in 2013 , primarily reflecting lower ore grades at candelaria and cerro verde, and the sale of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines in november 2014.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
96
table of contents gross profit per pound of copper the following tables summarize unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound at our south america mining operations for the years ended december 31. unit net cash costs per pound of copper are reflected under the by-
product and co-product methods as the south america mining operations also had small amounts of molybdenum, gold and silver sales. refer to "product revenues and production costs" for an explanation of the "by-product" and "co-
product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
2015                                    2014
by-product          co-product          by-product           co-product method              method              method               method
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding adjustments   $        2.38       $        2.38       $        3.08        $        3.08
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below                1.60                1.56                1.62                 1.51
by-product credits                        (0.05  )                -               (0.22  )                 -
treatment charges                          0.19                0.19                0.17                 0.17
royalty on metals                             -                   -                0.01                    -
unit net cash costs                        1.74                1.75                1.58     a           1.68
depreciation, depletion and                0.40                0.39                0.32                 0.31
amortization copper inventory adjustments               0.08                0.08                   -                    -
noncash and other costs, net               0.05                0.05                0.06                 0.06
total unit costs                           2.27                2.27                1.96                 2.05
revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales                   (0.03  )            (0.03  )            (0.05  )             (0.05  )
gross profit per pound            $        0.08       $        0.08       $        1.07        $        0.98
copper sales (millions of recoverable                                 871                 871               1,135                1,135
pounds)
a.  excluding the results of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines, south america mining's unit net cash costs averaged $1.57 per pound in 2014.
during 2015 , unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for the south america mines ranged from $1.64 per pound for the cerro verde mine to $1.91 per pound for the el abra mine and averaged $1.74 per pound. higher average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations in 2015 , compared with
$1.58 per pound in 2014 , primarily reflect lower by-product credits.
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, south america's unit depreciation rate may vary with asset additions and the level of copper production and sales. the unit depreciation rate increased in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily because of the cerro verde expansion assets being placed in service in 2015.
revenue adjustments primarily result from changes in prices on provisionally priced copper sales recognized in prior periods. refer to "consolidated results - revenues" for further discussion of adjustments to prior period provisionally priced copper sales.
assuming achievement of current volume and cost estimates and average prices of $4.50 per pound of molybdenum in
2016 , we estimate that average unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations would approximate $1.50 per pound of copper in 2016 .
97

2014                                     2013
by-product           co-product          by-product           co-product method               method              method               method
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding adjustments  $        3.08        $        3.08       $        3.30        $        3.30
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs shown below               1.62                 1.51                1.53     a           1.42
by-product credits                       (0.22  )                 -               (0.27  )                 -
treatment charges                         0.17                 0.17                0.17                 0.17
royalty on metals                         0.01                    -                   -                    -
unit net cash costs                       1.58     b           1.68                1.43     b           1.59
depreciation, depletion and               0.32                 0.31                0.26                 0.24
amortization noncash and other costs, net              0.06                 0.06                0.04                 0.03
total unit costs                          1.96                 2.05                1.73                 1.86
revenue adjustments, primarily for pricing on prior period open sales                  (0.05  )             (0.05  )            (0.03  )             (0.03  )
gross profit per pound           $        1.07        $        0.98       $        1.54        $        1.41
copper sales (millions of recoverable                              1,135                1,135               1,325                1,325
pounds)
a.  includes labor agreement costs at cerro verde totaling $0.03 per pound.
b.  excluding the results of candelaria and ojos del salado mines, south america mining's unit net cash costs averaged $1.57 per pound in 2014 and $1.48 per pound in 2013.
unit net cash costs (net of by-product credits) for our south america mining operations increased to $1.58 per pound of copper in 2014 , compared with $1.43 per pound in 2013 , primarily reflecting lower sales volumes and by-
product credits.
indonesia mining indonesia mining includes pt-fi's grasberg minerals district, one of the world's largest copper and gold deposits, in papua, indonesia. we own 90.64 percent of pt-fi, including 9.36 percent owned through our wholly owned subsidiary, pt indocopper investama.
pt-fi proportionately consolidates an unincorporated joint venture with rio tinto plc (rio tinto), under which rio tinto has a 40 percent interest in certain assets and a 40 percent interest through 2021 in production exceeding specified annual amounts of copper, gold and silver. after 2021, all production and related revenues and costs are shared 60 percent pt-fi and 40 percent rio tinto. refer to note 3 for further discussion of our joint venture with rio tinto. under the joint venture arrangements, pt-fi was allocated nearly 100 percent of copper, gold and silver production and sales for each of the three years ended december 31, 2015. at december 31, 2015 , the amounts allocated 100 percent to pt-fi remaining to be produced totaled 6.4 billion pounds of copper, 9.7 million ounces of gold and 19.5 million ounces of silver. based on the current mine plans, pt-fi anticipates that it will be allocated most of the production and related revenues and costs through 2021.
pt-fi produces copper concentrate that contains significant quantities of gold and silver. substantially all of pt-
fi's copper concentrate is sold under long-term contracts, and in 2015 , approximately 37 percent of pt-fi's copper concentrate was sold to pt smelting, its 25-percent-owned smelter and refinery in gresik, indonesia.
regulatory matters. in january 2014, the indonesian government published regulations that among other things imposed a progressive export duty on copper concentrate and restricts concentrate exports after january 12, 2017.
despite pt-fi's rights under its contract of work (cow) to export concentrate without the payment of duties, pt-fi was unable to obtain administrative approval for exports and operated at approximately half of its capacity from mid-january 2014 through july 2014.
in july 2014, pt-fi entered into a memorandum of understanding (mou) with the indonesian government. under the mou, pt-fi provided a $115 million assurance bond to support its commitment for smelter development, agreed to increase royalty rates and agreed to pay export duties (7.5 percent, declining to 5.0 percent when smelter development progress exceeds 7.5 percent and none when development progress exceeds 30 percent). the mou also anticipated an amendment of the cow within six months to address other matters; however, no terms of the cow other than those relating to the smelter bond, increased royalties and export duties were changed. in january
98

2015, the mou was extended to july 25, 2015, and it expired on that date. the increased royalty rates, export duties and smelter assurance bond remain in effect.
pt-fi is required to apply for renewal of export permits at six-month intervals. on july 29, 2015, pt-fi's export permit was renewed through january 28, 2016. in connection with the renewal, export duties were reduced to 5.0
percent, as a result of smelter development progress. on february 9, 2016, pt-fi's export permit was renewed through august 8, 2016. pt-fi will continue to pay a 5.0 percent export duty on concentrate while it reviews its smelter progress with the indonesian government.
pt-fi continues to engage in discussions with the indonesian government regarding its cow and long-term operating rights. in october 2015, the indonesian government provided a letter of assurance to pt-fi indicating that it will approve the extension of operations beyond 2021, and provide the same rights and the same level of legal and fiscal certainty provided under its current cow.
in connection with its cow negotiations and subject to concluding the agreement to extend pt-fi's operations beyond
2021 on acceptable terms, pt-fi has agreed to construct new smelter capacity in indonesia and to divest an additional 20.64 percent interest in pt-fi at fair market value. pt-fi continues to advance plans for the smelter in parallel with completing its cow negotiations. refer to note 13 for further discussion.
we cannot predict whether pt-fi will be successful in reaching a satisfactory agreement on the terms of its long-
term mining rights. if pt-fi is unable to reach agreement with the indonesian government on its long-term rights, we may be required to reduce or defer investments in underground development projects, which could have a material adverse effect on pt-fi's future production and reserves. in addition, pt-fi would intend to pursue any and all claims against the indonesian government for breach of contract through international arbitration.
refer to "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december
31, 2015 , for discussion of risks associated with our operations in indonesia.
operating and development activities . during 2015, pt-fi revised its plans to incorporate improved operational efficiencies, reductions in input costs, supplies and contractor costs, foreign exchange impacts and a deferral of
15 percent of capital expenditures that had been planned for 2016.
pt-fi has several projects in progress in the grasberg minerals district related to the development of its large-
scale, long-lived, high-grade underground ore bodies. in aggregate, these underground ore bodies are expected to produce large-scale quantities of copper and gold following the transition from the grasberg open pit, currently anticipated to occur in late 2017. development of the grasberg block cave and deep mill level zone (dmlz)
underground mines is advancing. production from the dmlz mine commenced during september 2015, and the grasberg block cave mine is anticipated to commence production in 2018.
from 2016 to 2020, estimated aggregate capital spending on these projects is currently expected to average $1.0
billion per year ( $0.8 billion per year net to pt-fi). considering the long-term nature and size of these projects, actual costs could vary from these estimates. in response to recent market conditions and the uncertain global economic environment, the timing of these expenditures continues to be reviewed.
the following provides additional information on the continued development of the common infrastructure project, the grasberg block cave underground mine and the dmlz ore body that lies below the deep ore zone (doz) underground mine.
common infrastructure and grasberg block cave mine. in 2004, pt-fi commenced its common infrastructure project to provide access to its large undeveloped underground ore bodies located in the grasberg minerals district through a tunnel system located approximately 400 meters deeper than its existing underground tunnel system. in addition to providing access to our underground ore bodies, the tunnel system will enable pt-fi to conduct future exploration in prospective areas associated with currently identified ore bodies. the tunnel system was completed to the big gossan terminal, and the big gossan mine was brought into production in 2010. production from the big gossan mine, which is currently suspended, is expected to restart in the first half of 2017 and ramp up to 7,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2019. development of the dmlz and grasberg block cave underground mines is advancing using the common infrastructure project tunnels as access.
99
table of contents the grasberg block cave underground mine accounts for more than 45 percent of our recoverable proven and probable reserves in indonesia. production from the grasberg block cave mine is expected to commence in 2018, following the end of mining of the grasberg open pit. targeted production rates once the grasberg block cave mining operation reaches full capacity are expected to approximate 160,000 metric tons of ore per day. as a result of current market conditions, pt-fi is reviewing its operating plans to determine the optimum mine plan for the grasberg block cave.
aggregate mine development capital for the grasberg block cave mine and associated common infrastructure is expected to approximate $6.0 billion (incurred between 2008 to 2022), with pt-fi's share totaling approximately
$5.5 billion. aggregate project costs totaling $2.2 billion have been incurred through december 31, 2015 ($0.5
billion during 2015 ).
dmlz. the dmlz ore body lies below the doz underground mine at the 2,590-meter elevation and represents the downward continuation of mineralization in the ertsberg east skarn system and neighboring ertsberg porphyry. the ore body is mined using a block-cave method. production from the dmlz underground mine commenced in september 2015.
ore milled from the dmlz underground mine averaged 2,900 metric tons of ore per day in 2015 ( 3,500 metric tons of ore per day in fourth-quarter 2015). targeted production rates once the dmlz underground mine reaches full capacity are expected to approximate 80,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2021.
drilling efforts continue to determine the extent of the dmlz ore body. aggregate mine development capital costs for the dmlz underground mine are expected to approximate $2.6 billion (incurred between 2009 to 2020), with pt-
fi's share totaling approximately $1.6 billion. aggregate project costs totaling $1.5 billion have been incurred through december 31, 2015 ($0.3 billion during 2015 ).
operating data. following is summary operating data for our indonesia mining operations for the years ended december 31.
2015          2014          2013
operating data, net of joint venture interest copper production (millions of recoverable             752           636           915
pounds)
sales (millions of recoverable pounds)          744           664           885
average realized price per pound         $     2.33    $     3.01    $     3.28
gold production (thousands of recoverable          1,232         1,130         1,142
ounces)
sales (thousands of recoverable ounces)       1,224         1,168         1,096
average realized price per ounce         $    1,129    $    1,229    $    1,312
100% operating data ore milled (metric tons per day):a grasberg open pit                           115,900        69,100       127,700
doz underground mineb                        43,700        50,500        49,400
dmlz underground minec                        2,900             -             -
big gossan underground mined                      -           900         2,100
total                                       162,500       120,500       179,200
average ore grade:
copper (percent)                               0.67          0.79          0.76
gold (grams per metric ton)                    0.79          0.99          0.69
recovery rates (percent):
copper                                         90.4          90.3          90.0
gold                                           83.4          83.2          80.0
production (recoverable):
copper (millions of pounds)                     752           651           928
gold (thousands of ounces)                    1,232         1,132         1,142
a.  amounts represent the approximate average daily throughput processed at pt-fi's mill facilities from each producing mine.
b.  ore milled from the doz underground mine is expected to ramp up to over 60,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2017.
100
table of contents c.  production from the dmlz underground mine commenced in september 2015.
d.  production from the from the big gossan underground mine is expected to restart in the first half of 2017
and ramp up to 7,000 metric tons of ore per day in 2019.
2015 compared with 2014
sales volumes from our indonesia mining operations increased to 744 million pounds of copper and 1.2 million ounces of gold in 2015 , compared with 664 million pounds of copper and 1.2 million ounces of gold in 2014 , primarily reflecting higher mill rates because of the 2014 export restrictions, partly offset by lower ore grades.
at the grasberg mine, the sequencing of mining areas with varying ore grades causes fluctuations in quarterly and annual production of copper and gold. pt-fi expects ore grades to improve significantly beginning in the second-
half of 2016 with access to higher grade sections of the grasberg open pit, resulting in higher production and lower unit net cash costs. consolidated sales volumes from our indonesia mining operations are expected to approximate 1.5 billion pounds of copper and 1.8 million ounces of gold for 2016, with approximately 65 percent of copper sales and 75 percent of gold sales anticipated in the second half of the year. damages to semi-autogenous griding (sag) mill electrical components in january 2016 will require repairs in the first half of 2016 or as late as 2017, which are expected to have a negative impact on production at pt-fi.
2014 compared with 2013
sales volumes from our indonesia mining operations totaled 664 million pounds of copper and 1.2 million ounces of gold in 2014 , compared with 885 million pounds of copper and 1.1 million ounces of gold in 2013 , reflecting lower mill throughput resulting from the export restrictions and labor-related work stoppages in 2014, partly offset by higher gold ore grades.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metal mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
101
table of contents gross profit per pound of copper and per ounce of gold the following tables summarize the unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper and per ounce of gold at our indonesia mining operations for the years ended december 31. refer to "production revenues and production costs" for an explanation of "by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
2015
by-           co-product                            2014           co-product product               method                      by-product               method method               copper           gold           method               copper           gold
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding   $     2.33       $         2.33       $  1,129    $        3.01        $        3.01       $  1,229
adjustmen...
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs             2.39                 1.32            638             2.76     a           1.59            648
shown below gold and silver           (1.91  )                 -              -            (2.25  )                 -              -
credits treatment         0.31                 0.17             83             0.26                 0.15             61
charges export            0.15                 0.08             39             0.12                 0.06             27
duties royalty on        0.15                 0.09             41             0.17                 0.10             41
metals unit net          1.09                 1.66            801             1.06                 1.90            777
cash costs depreciat...
and               0.39                 0.22            105             0.40                 0.23             94
amortizat...
noncash and other         0.05                 0.03             14             0.29     a           0.17             68
costs, net total unit        1.53                 1.91            920             1.75                 2.30            939
costs revenue adjustmen...
primarily for pricing on prior period           (0.07  )             (0.06  )           7            (0.08  )             (0.08  )          15
open sales pt smelting          0.01                 0.01              4             0.05                 0.03             12
intercomp...
profit gross profit per  $     0.74       $         0.37       $    220    $        1.23        $        0.66       $    317
pound/oun...
copper sales
(millions          744                  744                             664                  664
of recoverab...
pounds)
gold sales
(thousands of                                                   1,224                                                1,168
recoverab...
ounces)
fixed costs totaling $0.22 per pound of copper charged directly to cost of sales as a result of the impact a.  of export restrictions on pt-fi's operating rates are excluded from site production and delivery and included in net noncash and other costs in2014.
a significant portion of pt-fi's costs are fixed and unit costs vary depending on volumes and other factors.
indonesia's unit net cash costs (including gold and silver credits) of $1.09 per pound of copper in 2015 were higher than unit net cash costs of $1.06 per pound in 2014 , primarily reflecting lower gold and silver credits, partly offset by lower site production and delivery mostly associated with lower diesel costs and foreign exchange impacts.
pt-fi's royalties totaled $114 million in 2015 , $115 million in 2014 and $109 million in 2013 , and export duties totaled $109 million in 2015 and $77 million in 2014 . refer to note 13 for further discussion of pt-fi's royalties.
because certain assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis, pt-fi's unit depreciation rate varies with the level of copper production and sales.
revenue adjustments primarily result from changes in prices on provisionally priced copper sales recognized in prior periods. refer to "consolidated results - revenues" for further discussion of adjustments to prior period provisionally priced copper sales.
pt smelting intercompany profit represents the change in the deferral of 25 percent of pt-fi's profit on sales to pt smelting. refer to "operations - smelting & refining" for further discussion.
assuming achievement of current volume and cost estimates, and an average gold price of $1,100 per ounce for 2016 , indonesia's unit net cash costs (net of gold and silver credits) are expected to approximate $0.17 per pound of copper for the year 2016 . indonesia's projected unit net cash costs would change by approximately $0.06 per pound for each $50 per ounce change in the average price of gold during 2016 . because of the fixed nature of a large portion of indonesia's costs, unit costs vary from quarter to quarter depending on copper and gold volumes. higher anticipated ore grades from grasberg in the second half of 2016 are expected to result in lower unit net cash costs in the second half of 2016.
102

2014           co-produ...                            2013          co-produ...
by-produ...              method                      by-product             method method              copper           gold           method             copper           gold
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenue...
excludi...  $       3.01        $       3.01       $  1,229    $        3.28       $       3.28       $  1,312
adjustm...
site product...
and deliver...
before net noncash and other costs             2.76     a          1.59            648             2.46               1.62            648
shown below gold and silver           (2.25  )                -              -            (1.69  )               -              -
credits treatme...          0.26                0.15             61             0.23               0.15             61
charges export            0.12                0.06             27                -                  -              -
duties royalty on                0.17                0.10             41             0.12               0.08             33
metals unit net cash              1.06                1.90            777             1.12               1.85            742
costs depreci...
and               0.40                0.23             94             0.28               0.19             73
amortiz...
noncash and other             0.29     a          0.17             68             0.13               0.09             35
costs, net total unit              1.75                2.30            939             1.53               2.13            850
costs revenue adjustm...
primari...
for pricing on prior period           (0.08  )            (0.08  )          15                -                  -             (1  )
open sales pt smelting interco...          0.05                0.03             12            (0.02  )           (0.01  )          (6  )
profit
(loss)
gross profit    $       1.23        $       0.66       $    317    $        1.73       $       1.14       $    455
per pound/o...
copper sales
(millio...           664                 664                             885                885
of recover...
pounds)
gold sales
(thousa...                                            1,168                                              1,096
of recover...
ounces)
fixed costs totaling $0.22 per pound of copper charged directly to cost of sales as a result of the impact a.  of export restrictions on pt-fi's operating rates are excluded from site production and delivery and included in net noncash and other costs in2014.
unit net cash costs (net of gold and silver credits) for our indonesia mining operations of $1.06 per pound of copper in 2014 were lower than unit net cash costs of $1.12 per pound in 2013 , primarily reflecting lower copper sales volumes, the impact of export duties and increased royalty rates, which were more than offset by higher gold and silver credits as a result of lower copper sales volumes.
africa mining africa mining includes tenke fungurume mining s.a.'s (tfm) tenke minerals district. we hold an effective 56 percent interest in the tenke copper and cobalt mining concessions in the southeast region of the drc through our consolidated subsidiary tfm, and we are the operator of tenke.
the tenke operation includes open-pit mining, leaching and sx/ew operations. copper production from the tenke minerals district is sold as copper cathode. in addition to copper, the tenke minerals district produces cobalt hydroxide.
operating and development activities. tfm completed its second phase expansion project in early 2013, which included increasing mine, mill and processing capacity. construction of a second sulphuric acid plant is substantially complete. we continue to engage in exploration activities and metallurgical testing to evaluate the potential of the highly prospective minerals district at tenke. future development and expansion opportunities are being deferred pending improved market conditions.
our revised plans at tenke incorporate a 50 percent reduction in capital spending that had been planned for 2016
and various initiatives to reduce operating, administrative and exploration costs.
103
table of contents operating data. following is summary operating data for our africa mining operations for the years ended december
31.
2015         2014         2013
copper production (millions of recoverable           449          447          462
pounds)
sales (millions of recoverable pounds)        467          425          454
average realized price per pounda       $    2.42    $    3.06    $    3.21
cobalt production (millions of contained              35           29           28
pounds)
sales (millions of contained pounds)           35           30           25
average realized price per pound        $    8.21    $    9.66    $    8.02
ore milled (metric tons per day)           14,900       14,700       14,900
average ore grade (percent):
copper                                       4.00         4.06         4.22
cobalt                                       0.43         0.34         0.37
copper recovery rate (percent)               94.0         92.6         91.4
a.  includes point-of-sale transportation costs as negotiated in customer contracts.
2015 compared with 2014
copper sales volumes from tfm increased to 467 million pounds of copper and 35 million pounds of cobalt in 2015 , compared with 425 million pounds of copper and 30 million pounds of cobalt in 2014 . higher copper sales volumes primarily reflect timing of shipments and higher cobalt sales volumes primarily reflect higher ore grades.
consolidated sales volumes from tfm are expected to approximate 495 million pounds of copper and 35 million pounds of cobalt in 2016 . higher projected copper sales volumes from tfm in 2016 primarily reflect higher projected ore grades.
2014 compared with 2013
copper sales volumes from tfm decreased to 425 million pounds of copper in 2014 , compared with 454 million pounds of copper in 2013 , primarily because of lower ore grades.
unit net cash costs. unit net cash costs per pound of copper is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
104
table of contents gross profit per pound of copper and cobalt the following tables summarize the unit net cash costs and gross profit per pound of copper and cobalt at our africa mining operations for the years ended december 31. refer to "production revenues and production costs" for an explanation of "by-product" and "co-product" methods and a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
2015          co-produ...                                2014          co-produ...
by-product             method                          by-product             method method             copper          cobalt              method             copper       cobalt
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding  $        2.42       $       2.42       $    8.21       $        3.06       $       3.06    $    9.66
adjustme...
site producti...
and delivery, before net noncash and other costs               1.58               1.37            5.40                1.56               1.39         5.30
shown below cobalt             (0.42  )               -               -               (0.48  )               -            -
creditsb royalty             0.05               0.04            0.14                0.07               0.06         0.16
on metals unit net cash                1.21               1.41            5.54                1.15               1.45         5.46
costs deprecia...
depletion           0.55               0.46            1.26                0.54               0.46         1.13
and amortiza...
noncash and other           0.07               0.06            0.16                0.05               0.04         0.11
costs, net total unit                1.83               1.93            6.96                1.74               1.95         6.70
costs revenue adjustme...
primarily for pricing on prior period             (0.01  )           (0.01  )        (0.02  )                -                  -         0.07
open sales gross profit     $        0.58       $       0.48       $    1.23       $        1.32       $       1.11    $    3.03
per pound copper sales
(millions            467                467                                 425                425
of recovera...
pounds)
cobalt sales
(millions                                                35                                                  30
of contained pounds)
a.  includes point-of-sale transportation costs as negotiated in customer contracts.
b.  net of cobalt downstream processing and freight costs.
higher unit net cash costs (net of cobalt credits) for our africa mining operations of $1.21 per pound of copper in
2015 , compared with $1.15 per pound of copper in 2014 , primarily reflects lower cobalt credits. assuming achievement of current volume and cost estimates, and an average cobalt market price of $10 per pound for 2016 , average unit net cash costs (net of cobalt credits) are expected to approximate $1.32 per pound of copper in 2016 .
africa's projected unit net cash costs for 2016 would change by $0.09 per pound for each $2 per pound change in the average price of cobalt during 2016 .
2014           co-product                          2013            co-product by-product               method                    by-product                method method               copper       cobalt           method                copper       cobalt
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
revenues, excluding   $        3.06       $         3.06    $    9.66    $        3.21       $          3.21    $    8.02
adjustmen...
site production and delivery, before net noncash and other costs                1.56                 1.39         5.30             1.43                  1.35         4.35
shown below cobalt              (0.48  )                 -            -            (0.29  )                  -            -
creditsb royalty on           0.07                 0.06         0.16             0.07                  0.06         0.14
metals unit net             1.15                 1.45         5.46             1.21                  1.41         4.49
cash costs depreciat...
depletion            0.54                 0.46         1.13             0.54                  0.48         1.00
and amortizat...
noncash and other            0.05                 0.04         0.11             0.06                  0.06         0.11
costs, net total unit           1.74                 1.95         6.70             1.81                  1.95         5.60
costs revenue adjustmen...
primarily for pricing on prior period                  -                    -         0.07                -                     -         0.09
open sales gross profit per  $        1.32       $         1.11    $    3.03    $        1.40       $          1.26    $    2.51
pound copper sales
(millions             425                  425                           454                   454
of recoverab...
pounds)
cobalt sales
(millions                                                30                                                  25
of contained pounds)
a.  includes point-of-sale transportation costs as negotiated in customer contracts.
b.  net of cobalt downstream processing and freight costs.
105
table of contents unit net cash costs (net of cobalt credits) for our africa mining operations of $1.15 per pound of copper in 2014
were lower than unit net cash costs of $1.21 per pound of copper in 2013 , primarily reflecting higher cobalt credits, partly offset by higher site production and delivery costs associated with input and mine logistics support costs.
molybdenum mines we have two wholly owned molybdenum mines in north america - the henderson underground mine and the climax open-pit mine, both in colorado. the henderson and climax mines produce high-purity, chemical-grade molybdenum concentrate, which is typically further processed into value-added molybdenum chemical products. the majority of molybdenum concentrate produced at the henderson and climax mines, as well as from our north and south america copper mines, is processed at our own conversion facilities.
operating and development activities. the revised plans for our henderson molybdenum mine incorporate lower operating rates, resulting in an approximate 65 percent reduction in henderson's projected annual production volumes. we have also adjusted production plans at our by-product mines, including the impacts of a planned shutdown at our sierrita mine. additionally, we have incorporated changes in the commercial pricing structure for our chemical products to promote continuation of chemical-grade production.
production from our molybdenum mines totaled 48 million pounds of molybdenum in 2015 , 51 million pounds in 2014
and 49 million pounds in 2013 . refer to "consolidated results" for our consolidated molybdenum operating data, which includes sales of molybdenum produced at our molybdenum mines and at our north and south america copper mines, and refer to "outlook" for projected consolidated molybdenum sales volumes.
unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum. unit net cash costs per pound of molybdenum is a measure intended to provide investors with information about the cash-generating capacity of our mining operations expressed on a basis relating to the primary metal product for our respective operations. we use this measure for the same purpose and for monitoring operating performance by our mining operations. this information differs from measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for measures of performance determined in accordance with u.s. gaap. this measure is presented by other metals mining companies, although our measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies.
average unit net cash costs for our molybdenum mines totaled $7.11 per pound of molybdenum in 2015 , $7.08 per pound in 2014 and $7.15 per pound in 2013 . assuming achievement of current volume and cost estimates, we estimate unit net cash costs for the molybdenum mines to average $8.25 per pound of molybdenum in 2016 , primarily reflecting lower projected molybdenum production. refer to "product revenues and production costs" for a reconciliation of unit net cash costs per pound to production and delivery costs applicable to sales reported in our consolidated financial statements.
smelting & refining we wholly own and operate a smelter in arizona (miami smelter) and a smelter and refinery in spain (atlantic copper). additionally, pt-fi owns 25 percent of a smelter and refinery in gresik, indonesia (pt smelting).
treatment charges for smelting and refining copper concentrate consist of a base rate per pound of copper and per ounce of gold and are generally fixed. treatment charges represent a cost to our mining operations and income to atlantic copper and pt smelting. thus, higher treatment charges benefit our smelter operations and adversely affect our mining operations. our north america copper mines are less significantly affected by changes in treatment charges because these operations are largely integrated with our miami smelter. through this form of downstream integration, we are assured placement of a significant portion of our concentrate production. during 2015, approximately 40 percent of our consolidated concentrate production was processed through the miami smelter, atlantic copper and pt smelting's facilities.
106
table of contents atlantic copper smelts and refines copper concentrate and markets refined copper and precious metals in slimes.
following is a summary of atlantic copper's concentrate purchases from our copper mining operations and third parties for the years ended december 31.
2015          2014         2013
north america copper mines   23     %      21     %     13     %
south america mining          3        a   21           32
indonesia mining              3             8           16
third parties                71            50           39
100     %     100     %    100     %
a.  the decrease in purchases from the south america mines, compared to the years 2014 and 2013, primarily reflects the impact of the november 2014 sale of the candelaria and ojos del salado mines.
pt-fi's contract with pt smelting requires pt-fi to supply 100 percent of the copper concentrate requirements (at market rates subject to a minimum or maximum rate) necessary for pt smelting to produce 205,000 metric tons of copper annually on a priority basis. pt-fi may also sell copper concentrate to pt smelting at market rates for quantities in excess of 205,000 metric tons of copper annually. pt-fi supplied approximately 80 percent of pt smelting's concentrate requirements in each of the three years ended december 31, 2015, and pt smelting processed
37 percent in 2015 , 58 percent in 2014 and 41 percent in 2013 of pt-fi's concentrate production. pt-smelting resumed operations in september 2015, following a temporary suspension in july 2015, and operated at approximately
80 percent capacity until november 2015 when required repairs of an acid plant cooling tower that was damaged during the suspension, were completed.
we defer recognizing profits on sales from our mining operations to atlantic copper and on 25 percent of indonesia mining's sales to pt smelting until final sales to third parties occur. changes in these deferrals attributable to variability in intercompany volumes resulted in net additions (reductions) to net income attributable to common stockholders totaling $42 million ( $0.04 per share) in 2015 , $43 million ( $0.04 per share) in 2014 and $(17)
million ( $(0.02) per share) in 2013 . our net deferred profits on inventories at atlantic copper and pt smelting to be recognized in future periods' net income attributable to common stockholders totaled $14 million at december
31, 2015 . quarterly variations in ore grades, the timing of intercompany shipments and changes in product prices will result in variability in our net deferred profits and quarterly earnings.
oil and gas operations through our wholly owned oil and gas subsidiary, fm o&g, our portfolio of oil and gas assets includes significant oil production facilities and growth potential in the deepwater gom, established oil production onshore and offshore california, large onshore natural gas resources in the haynesville shale in louisiana, natural gas production from the madden area in central wyoming, and a position in the inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous natural gas trend onshore in south louisiana. for the year 2015, 88 percent of our oil and gas revenues, excluding the impact of derivative contracts, were from oil and ngls.
impairment of oil and gas properties. under the sec's full cost accounting rules, a "ceiling test" is conducted each quarter to review the carrying value of the oil and gas properties for impairment. each quarter end since september 30, 2014, net capitalized costs with respect to fm o&g's proved u.s. oil and gas properties exceeded the ceiling test limitation specified by full cost accounting rules, which resulted in the recognition of impairment charges totaling $13.0 billion in 2015 and $3.7 billion in 2014. refer to "critical accounting estimates" for further discussion of impairment of oil and gas properties.
in 2015, fm o&g also recognized impairment charges of $164 million for international oil and gas properties, primarily related to unsuccessful exploration activities in morocco. costs associated with the exploration blocks offshore morocco were transferred to the morocco full cost pool when drilling of the mz-1 well associated with the ouanoukrim prospect was completed to its targeted depth below 20,000 feet to evaluate the primary objectives and did not contain hydrocarbons. as fm o&g does not have proved reserves or production in morocco, an impairment charge was recorded.
107
table of contents u.s. oil and gas operations. following is summary operating results for the u.s. oil and gas operations for the years ended december 31:
sales volumes oil (mmbbls)                                      2015            2014a          2013a,b natural gas (bcf)                                 35.3             40.1             26.6
ngls (mmbbls)                                     89.7             80.8             54.2
mmboe                                              2.4              3.2              2.4
average realizationsc                             52.6             56.8             38.1
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
oil (per barrel)                            $    57.11        $   90.00       $    98.32
natural gas(per mmbtu)                      $     2.59        $    4.23       $     3.99
ngls (per barrel)                           $    18.90        $   39.73       $    38.20
gross (loss) profit per boe realized revenuesc                          $    43.54        $   71.83       $    76.87
less: cash production costsc                     18.59            20.08            17.14
cash operating marginc                           24.95            51.75            59.73
less:                                            34.28            40.34            35.81
depreciation, depletion and amortization less: impairment of oil and gas                 246.67            65.80                -
properties less: accretion and other costs                   4.41     d       1.69             0.79
plus: net noncash mark-to-market                 (6.07  )         11.03            (8.20  )
(losses) gains on derivative contracts plus: other net adjustments                       0.43             0.06             0.04
gross (loss) profit                         $  (266.05  )     $  (44.99  )    $    14.97
a.  includes results of eagle ford prior to its sale in june 2014.
b.  reflects the results of fm o&g beginning june 1, 2013.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
cash operating margin for oil and gas operations reflects realized revenues less cash production costs.
realized revenues exclude noncash mark-to-market adjustments on derivative contracts, and cash production c.  costs exclude accretion and other costs. for reconciliations of realized revenues (including average realizations for oil, natural gas and ngls) and cash production costs to revenues and production and delivery costs reported in our consolidated financial statements, refer to the supplemental schedule,
"product revenues and production costs."
d.  includes $3.58 per boe primarily for other asset impairments and inventory write-downs, idle/terminated rig costs and prior year non-income tax assessments at the california properties.
excluding the impact of realized cash gains (losses) on derivative contracts of $11.53 per barrel for 2015 ,
$(2.76) per barrel in 2014 and $(1.35) per barrel for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31,
2013, the average realized price for crude oil was $45.58 per barrel in 2015 ( 85 percent of the average brent crude oil price of $53.64 per barrel), $92.76 per barrel in 2014 (93 percent of the average brent crude oil price of $99.45 per barrel) and $99.67 per barrel in for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013
(92 percent of the average brent crude oil price of $108.66 per barrel).
fm o&g's average realized price for natural gas was $2.59 per mmbtu in 2015 , $4.23 per mmbtu in 2014 ($4.37 per mmbtu excluding the impact of derivative contracts) and $3.99 per mmbtu ($3.73 per mmbtu excluding the impact of derivative contracts) for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013, compared to the nymex natural gas price average of $2.66 per mmbtu for the year 2015 contracts, $4.41 per mmbtu for the year 2014
contracts, and $3.67 per mmbtu for the june through december 2013 contracts.
2015 compared with 2014
realized revenues for oil and gas operations of $43.54 per boe for the year 2015 were lower than realized revenues of $71.83 per boe for the year 2014, primarily reflecting lower oil prices, partly offset by the impact of higher cash gains on derivative contracts (cash gains of $7.72 per boe in 2015, compared with cash losses of $2.15 per boe in 2014).
cash production costs for oil and gas operations of $18.59 per boe for the year 2015 were lower than cash production costs of $20.08 for the year 2014, primarily reflecting lower well workover expense and steam costs in california.
108
table of contents based on current sales volume and cost estimates, cash production costs are expected to decline to approximately
$15 per boe for the year 2016 , primarily reflecting increased production from the deepwater gom and cost reduction efforts.
2014 compared with 2013
realized revenues for oil and gas operations of $71.83 per boe for the year 2014 were lower than realized revenues of $76.87 per boe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting lower oil prices and higher cash losses on derivative contracts (cash losses of $2.15 per boe in 2014, compared with
$0.58 per boe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013).
cash production costs of $20.08 per boe for the year 2014 were higher than cash production costs of $17.14 per boe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, to december 31, 2013, primarily reflecting the sale of lower cost eagle ford properties in june 2014 and higher operating costs in california and the gom.
daily sales volumes . following is a summary of average sales volumes per day by region for oil and gas operations for the years ended december 31:
2015         2014          2013a sales volumes (mboe per day):
gomb                              83           73            72
california                        37           39            39
haynesville/madden/other          24           20        c   21
eagle ford                         -           24            46
total oil and gas operations     144          156           178
a.  reflects the results of fm o&g beginning june 1, 2013.
────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
b.  includes sales from properties on the gom shelf and in the deepwater gom; 2015 also includes sales from properties in the inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous natural gas trend.
c.  results include volume adjustments related to eagle ford's pre-close sales; fm o&g completed the sale of eagle ford in june 2014.
daily sales volumes averaged 144 mboe for the year 2015 , including 96 mbbls of crude oil, 246 mmcf of natural gas and 7 mbbls of ngls; 156 mboe for the year 2014, including 110 mbbls of crude oil, 221 mmcf of natural gas and 9
mbbls of ngls; and 178 mboe for the seven-month period from june 1, 2013, including 124 mbbls of crude oil, 254
mmcf of natural gas and 11 mbbls of ngls. oil and gas sales volumes are expected to average 158 mboe per day for the year 2016 , comprised of 74 percent oil, 21 percent natural gas and 5 percent ngls.
exploration, operating and development activities. our oil and gas business has significant proved, probable and possible reserves with valuable infrastructure and associated resources with long-term production and development potential.
since commencing development activities in 2014 at its three 100-percent-owned production platforms in the deepwater gom, fm o&g has drilled 14 wells in producing fields with positive results, including the king d-10 well in fourth-quarter 2015. four of these wells have been brought on production, including the king d-12 well in november 2015. fm o&g plans to complete and place six additional wells on production in 2016.
we are taking continuing actions to reduce oil and gas costs and capital expenditures, including undertaking a near-term deferral of exploration and development activities by idling the three deepwater gom drillships fm o&g has under contract. past investments are expected to enable production to be increased from rates of 144 mboe per day in 2015 to an average of 157 mboe per day in 2016 and 2017, and cash production costs to decline to approximately$15 per boe in 2016 and 2017.
fm o&g expects to incur idle rig costs associated with its drillship contracts totaling an estimated $0.6 billion in 2016 and $0.4 billion in 2017.
oil and gas capital expenditures. capital expenditures for our oil and gas operations totaled $3.0 billion in 2015
(including $2.5 billion incurred for deepwater gom and $0.2 billion for the inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous natural gas trend). capital expenditures for oil and gas operations for the year 2016 are estimated to total $1.5
109
table of contents billion , which excludes $0.6 billion for idle rig costs. approximately 85 percent of the 2016 capital budget is expected to be directed to the gom.
deepwater gom . fm o&g operates and owns 100-percent working interests in the large-scale holstein, marlin and horn mountain deepwater production platforms, which in total have processing capacity of 250 mbbls of oil per day. in addition, fm o&g has interests in the lucius and heidelberg oil fields and in the atwater valley focus area, as well as interests in the ram powell and hoover deepwater production platforms.
during 2015, field development continued at heidelberg in the green canyon focus area and first oil production commenced in january 2016. three wells are expected to begin producing during the initial phase and another two wells are scheduled to be drilled and come on line at a later date. heidelberg is a subsea development consisting of five subsea wells tied back to a truss spar hull located in 5,300 feet of water. heidelberg field was discovered in november 2008 and the subsequent development project was sanctioned in early 2013. fm o&g has a 12.5 percent working interest in heidelberg.
during 2015, fm o&g continued drilling at holstein deep. completion activities for the initial three-well subsea tieback development program are progressing on schedule, with first production expected by mid-2016. in aggregate, the three wells are estimated to commence production at approximately 24 mboe per day. the holstein deep development is located in green canyon block 643, west of the 100-percent-owned holstein platform in 3,890 feet of water, with production facilities capable of processing 113 mbbls of oil per day.
fm o&g's 100-percent-owned marlin hub is located in the mississippi canyon focus area and has production facilities capable of processing 60 mbbls of oil per day. fm o&g has drilled five successful tieback opportunities in the area since 2014, including the 100-percent-owned dorado and king development projects.
during 2015, fm o&g drilled three successful wells at the king field, which is located in mississippi canyon south of the marlin facility in 5,200 feet of water. during fourth-quarter 2015, fm o&g established production from the first king well (d-12) and logged oil pay in the king d-10 well. in 2016, fm o&g plans to complete and tieback the king d-13 well to the marlin production platform. the king d-9 and d-10 wells are expected to be completed in future periods.
fm o&g's 100-percent-owned horn mountain field is also located in the mississippi canyon focus area and has production facilities capable of processing 75 mbbls of oil per day. during 2015, fm o&g successfully drilled three wells in the horn mountain area, including the quebec/victory (q/v), kilo/oscar (k/o) and horn mountain deep wells.
to enhance recovery of remaining oil in place, future development plans will target subsea tieback from multiple stacked sands in the area. in 2016, fm o&g plans to complete and tie back two wells to the horn mountain production platform, including the q/v and k/o wells.
fm o&g has a broad set of assets with valuable infrastructure and associated resources with attractive long-term production and development potential, including the vito and power nap oil discoveries in the atwater valley area and a large deepwater gom project inventory with over 150 undeveloped locations.
inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous . fm o&g has a position in the inboard lower tertiary/cretaceous natural gas trend, located onshore in south louisiana. during november 2015, fm o&g completed the installation of additional processing facilities to accommodate higher flow rates from the highlander well, which began production in february
2015. in december 2015, gross rates from the highlander well averaged approximately 44 mmcf per day (approximately
21 mmcf per day net to fm o&g). fm o&g is the operator and has a 72 percent working interest and an approximate 49
percent net revenue interest in highlander.
california . sales volumes from california averaged 37 mboe per day for 2015, compared with 39 mboe per day for
2014. fm o&g's position in california is located onshore in the san joaquin valley and los angeles basin, and offshore in the point pedernales field. since second-quarter 2015, production from point arguello platforms has been shut in following the shutdown of a third-party operated pipeline system that transports oil to various california refineries.
haynesville . fm o&g has rights to a substantial natural gas resource, located in the haynesville shale in louisiana. drilling activities remain constrained in response to low natural gas prices in order to maximize near-
term cash flows and to preserve the resource for potentially higher future natural gas prices.
110
table of contents capital resources and liquidity our consolidated operating cash flows vary with prices realized from copper, gold, molybdenum and oil sales, our sales volumes, production costs, income taxes, other working capital changes and other factors. during 2015, in response to weak market conditions, we took actions to enhance our financial position, including significant reductions in capital spending, production curtailments at certain north and south america mines and actions to reduce operating, exploration and administrative costs (refer to "operations" for further discussion). in addition, we generated approximately $2 billion in gross proceeds from at-the-market equity programs, and our board reduced our annual common stock dividend from $1.25 per share to $0.20 per share in march 2015, and subsequently suspended the annual common stock dividend in december 2015. further weakening of commodity prices in early 2016, and the uncertainty about the timing of economic and commodity price recovery require us to continue taking actions to strengthen our financial position, reduce debt and re-focus our portfolio of assets. our business strategy is focused on our position as a leading global copper producer. we will continue to manage our production activities, spending on capital projects and operations, and the administration of our business to enhance cash flows, and intend to complete significant asset sale transactions to reduce debt.
cash following is a summary of the u.s. and international components of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, including cash available to the parent company, net of noncontrolling interests' share, taxes and other costs at december 31 (in millions):
2015          2014
──────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
cash at domestic companies              $     6       $    78
cash at international operations            218           386
total consolidated cash and cash            224           464
equivalents less: noncontrolling interests' share       (44  )        (91  )
cash, net of noncontrolling interests'      180           373
share less: withholding taxes and other           (11  )        (16  )
net cash available                      $   169       $   357
cash held at our international operations is generally used to support our foreign operations' capital expenditures, operating expenses, working capital and other tax payments or other cash needs. management believes that sufficient liquidity is available in the u.s. from cash balances and availability from our revolving credit facility and uncommitted lines of credit (refer to note 8). with the exception of tfm, we have not elected to permanently reinvest earnings from our foreign subsidiaries, and we have recorded deferred tax liabilities for foreign earnings that are available to be repatriated to the u.s. from time to time, our foreign subsidiaries distribute earnings to the u.s. through dividends that are subject to applicable withholding taxes and noncontrolling interests' share.
debt we continue to focus on cost and capital management and cash flow generation from our operations in the current weak commodity price environment and are taking further immediate actions to reduce debt by pursuing asset sales and joint venture transactions. following is a summary of our total debt and related weighted-average interest rates at december 31 (in billions, except percentages):
weighted-                   weighted-
average                     average
2015    interest rate       2014    interest rate
───────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
fcx senior notes             $  11.9    3.8%             $  11.9    3.8%
fcx term loan                    3.0    2.2%                 3.0    1.7%
fm o&g llc senior notes          2.5    6.6%                 2.6    6.6%
cerro verde credit facility      1.8    2.8%                 0.4    2.1%
other fcx debt                   1.2    3.9%                 0.9    3.9%
total debt                   $  20.4    3.8%             $  18.8    3.8%
as of december 31, 2015 , we had $36 million in letters of credit issued and availability of $4.0 billion under our credit facility.
111
table of contents in december 2015, we reached agreement with our bank group to amend the leverage ratio (net debt/ebitda, as defined in the agreement) under our revolving credit facility and term loan from the previous limit. in addition, the amendment increased the interest rate spreads under specified conditions and requires prepayment of the term loan with 50 percent of the net proceeds of certain asset dispositions.
on february 26, 2016, we reached agreement with our bank group to amend our revolving credit facility and term loan. the changes pursuant to the revolving credit facility and the term loan included modifications of the maximum leverage ratio and minimum interest expense coverage ratio to provide us with additional flexibility, and the commitment under our revolving credit facility has been reduced by $500 million from $4.0 billion to $3.5 billion.
a springing collateral and guarantee trigger was added to the revolving credit facility and term loan. under this provision, if we have not entered into definitive agreements for asset sales totaling $3.0 billion in aggregate by june 30, 2016, that are reasonably expected to close by december 31, 2016, we will be required to secure the revolving credit facility and term loan with a mutually acceptable collateral and guarantee package. if such asset sales totaling $3.0 billion in aggregate have not occurred by december 31, 2016, then the springing collateral and guarantee trigger will go into effect.
refer to notes 8 and 18 for further discussion of our debt, include the modifications to our revolving credit facility and term loan.
operating activities we generated consolidated operating cash flows totaling $3.2 billion in 2015 (including $0.4 billion in working capital sources and changes in other tax payments), $5.6 billion in 2014 (net of $0.6 billion for working capital uses and changes in other tax payments) and $6.1 billion in 2013 (net of $0.4 billion for working capital uses and changes in other tax payments).
lower consolidated operating cash flows for 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflects the impact of lower commodity price realizations, partly offset by an increase in working capital sources mostly associated with accounts receivable associated with settlements of oil and gas derivative contracts and inventories reflecting a decrease in volumes and lower average costs.
lower consolidated operating cash flows for 2014, compared with 2013, reflect the impact of lower copper and gold price realizations and lower copper sales volumes, partly offset by a full year of our oil and gas operations.
based on current operating plans and subject to future commodity prices for copper, gold, molybdenum and crude oil, we expect estimated consolidated operating cash flows for the year 2016 , plus available cash and availability under our credit facility and uncommitted lines of credit, to be sufficient to fund our budgeted capital expenditures, scheduled debt maturities, noncontrolling interest distributions and other cash requirements for the year 2016. refer to "outlook" for further discussion of projected operating cash flows for the year 2016 .
investing activities capital expenditures. capital expenditures, including capitalized interest, totaled $6.35 billion in 2015
(including $2.4 billion for major projects at mining operations and $3.0 billion for oil and gas operations), $7.2
billion in 2014 (including $2.9 billion for major projects at mining operations and $3.2 billion for oil and gas operations) and $5.3 billion in 2013 (including $2.3 billion for major projects at mining operations and $1.45
billion for oil and gas operations).
lower capital expenditures in 2015, compared with 2014, primarily reflected decreased spending for major projects at mining operations, mostly resulting from the completion of the morenci mill expansion (substantially completed in may 2014). higher capital expenditures in 2014, compared with 2013, reflect increased capital expenditures at our oil and gas operations and increased spending for major projects at mining operations primarily associated with the expansion project at cerro verde.
refer to "outlook" for further discussion of projected capital expenditures for the year 2016.
112
table of contents dispositions and acquisitions. in november 2014, we completed the sale of our 80 percent ownership interests in the candelaria and ojos del salado mines for $1.8 billion in cash (after-tax net proceeds of $1.5 billion ).
in june 2014, we completed the sale of the eagle ford shale assets for cash consideration of $3.1 billion.
approximately $1.3 billion of the proceeds was placed in a like-kind exchange escrow to reinvest in additional oil and gas interests and the remaining net proceeds were used to repay debt. in june 2014 and september 2014, we completed acquisitions of deepwater gom interests totaling $1.4 billion.
in june 2013, we paid $3.5 billion in cash (net of cash acquired) for the acquisition of plains exploration &
production company (pxp) and $1.6 billion in cash (net of cash acquired) for the acquisition of mmr.
in march 2013, we paid $348 million (net of cash acquired) for the acquisition of a cobalt chemical refinery in kokkola, finland, and the related sales and marketing business. the acquisition was funded 70 percent by us and 30
percent by lundin, our joint venture partner.
refer to note 2 for further discussion of these dispositions and acquisitions.
financing activities debt transactions. net proceeds from debt in 2015 primarily include borrowings of $1.4 billion under cerro verde's nonrecourse senior unsecured credit facility to fund its expansion project.
during 2014, we completed the sale of $3.0 billion of senior notes, which were comprised of four tranches with a weighted-average interest rate of 4.1 percent. the proceeds from these senior notes were used to fund our december
2014 tender offers for $1.14 billion aggregate principal of senior notes (with a weighted-average interest rate of
6.5 percent), essentially all of our 2015 scheduled maturities (including scheduled term loan amortization and $500
million of 1.40% senior notes), $300 million in 7.625% senior notes, and to repay borrowings under our revolving credit facility. other senior note redemptions during 2014 include $400 million of our 8.625% senior notes, $1.7
billion of the aggregate principal amount of certain senior notes (with a weighted-average interest rate of 6.6
percent) and $210 million of the aggregate principal amount of our 6.625% senior notes.
during 2013, we sold $6.5 billion of senior notes in four tranches with a weighted-average interest rate of 3.9
percent, and borrowed $4.0 billion under an unsecured bank term loan with an interest rate of london interbank offered rate (libor) plus 1.75 percent. net proceeds from these borrowings were used to fund the acquisitions of pxp and mmr, repay certain debt of pxp and for general corporate purposes. also in 2013, we redeemed the $299
million of mmr's outstanding 11.875% senior notes and $400 million of pxp's 7 5 / 8 % senior notes, which were assumed in the acquisitions.
refer to note 8 for further discussion of these transactions.
equity transactions. since august 2015 and through january 5, 2016, we sold 210 million shares of common stock, generating gross proceeds of approximately $2 billion under our at-the-market equity programs (including 206
million shares of common stock, generating gross proceeds of $1.96 billion during 2015). net proceeds from the at-
the-market equity programs were used for general corporate purposes, including the repayment of amounts outstanding under the revolving credit facility and other borrowings, and the financing of working capital and capital expenditures. refer to note 10 for further discussion.
during 2013, conversion of mmr's 8% convertible perpetual preferred stock and 5.75% convertible perpetual preferred stock, series 1 required cash payments of $228 million . refer to note 2 for further discussion.
dividends. we paid dividends on our common stock totaling $605 million in 2015 (including $115 million for special dividends of $0.1105 per share paid in accordance with the settlement terms of the shareholder derivative litigation), $1.3 billion in 2014 and $2.3 billion in 2013 (including $1.0 billion for a supplemental dividend of
$1.00 per share paid in july 2013).
in march 2015, our board reduced our annual common stock dividend from $1.25 per share to $0.20 per share, and in december 2015, our board suspended the annual common stock dividend. these actions will provide annual cash savings of approximately $1.6 billion (based on outstanding common shares of 1.25 billion at december 31, 2015) and further enhance our liquidity during this period of weak market conditions. the declaration of dividends is
113
table of contents at the discretion of our board and will depend upon our financial results, cash requirements, future prospects and other factors deemed relevant by our board.
cash dividends and other distributions paid to noncontrolling interests totaled $120 million in 2015 , $424 million in 2014 and $256 million in 2013 . these payments will vary based on the operating results and cash requirements of our consolidated subsidiaries.
contractual obligations we have contractual and other long-term obligations, including debt maturities based on the principal amounts, which we expect to fund with available cash, projected operating cash flows, availability under our revolving credit facility or future financing transactions, if necessary. following is summary of these various obligations at december 31, 2015 (in millions):
2017 to       2019 to total        2016          2018          2020       thereafter
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
debt maturities                          $  20,347    $    649    $    5,199    $    4,311    $      10,188
scheduled interest payment obligationsa      7,258         760         1,428         1,155            3,915
aro and environmental obligationsb           8,538         324           907           325            6,982
take-or-pay contracts:
mining operationsc                           2,156       1,150           481           112              413
oil and gas operationsd                      1,773       1,035           615            54               69
operating lease obligations                    337          54            89            48              146
totale                                   $  40,409    $  3,972    $    8,719    $    6,005    $      21,713
scheduled interest payment obligations were calculated using stated coupon rates for fixed-rate debt and a.  interest rates applicable atdecember 31, 2015, for variable-rate debt.
─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────
represents estimated cash payments, on an undiscounted and unescalated basis, associated with aro and environmental activities (including $2.1 billion for our oil and gas operations). the timing and the amount b.  of these payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of aro activities, the settlement of environmental matters and as actual spending occurs. refer to note12for additional discussion of environmental and aro matters.
represents contractual obligations for purchases of goods or services agreements enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms including the procurement of copper concentrate ($854
million), electricity ($601 million) and  transportation services ($450 million). some of our take-or-pay c.  contracts are settled based on the prevailing market rate for the service or commodity purchased, and in some cases, the amount of the actual obligation may change over time because of market conditions.
obligations for copper concentrate provide for deliveries of specified volumes to atlantic copper at market-based prices. electricity obligations are primarily for contractual minimum demand at the south america mines. transportation obligations are primarily for south america contracted ocean freight.
represents contractual obligations for purchases of goods or service agreements enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including minimum commitments for deepwater gom drillships d.  ($1.2 billion) and transportation services ($221 million). drillship obligations provide for an operating rate over the contractual term. transportation obligations are primarily for fm o&g contracted rates for natural gas and crude oil gathering systems.
this table excludes certain other obligations in our consolidated balance sheets, such as estimated funding for pension, postretirement and other employee benefit obligations as the funding may vary from year to year based on changes in the fair value of plan assets and actuarial assumptions, commitments and e.  contingencies totaling $101 million and unrecognized tax benefits totaling$152 millionwhere the timing of settlement is not determinable, and other less significant amounts. this table also excludes purchase orders for the purchase of inventory and other goods and services, as purchase orders typically represent authorizations to purchase rather than binding agreements.
in addition to our debt maturities and other contractual obligations discussed above, we have other commitments, which we expect to fund with available cash, projected operating cash flows, available credit facilities or future financing transactions, if necessary. these include (i) pt-fi's commitment to provide one percent of its annual revenue for the development of the local people in its area of operations through the freeport partnership fund for community development, (ii) tfm's commitment to provide 0.3 percent of net sales revenue from production for the development of the local people in its area of operations, (iii) cerro verde's scheduled installment payments for disputed mining royalty assessments and (iv) other commercial commitments, including standby letters of credit, surety bonds and guarantees. refer to notes 12 and 13 for further discussion.
114
table of contents contingencies environmental the cost of complying with environmental laws is a fundamental and substantial cost of our business. at december
31, 2015 , we had $1.2 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for environmental obligations attributed to cercla or analogous state programs and for estimated future costs associated with environmental obligations that are considered probable based on specific facts and circumstances.
during 2015 , we incurred environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs (including our joint venture partners' shares) of $421 million for programs primarily to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations that affect our operations, compared with $405 million in 2014 and $595 million in 2013 . higher costs in 2013 primarily reflect the completion of a water treatment facility at one of our molybdenum mines.
for 2016 , we expect to incur approximately $495 million of aggregate environmental capital expenditures and other environmental costs, which are part of our overall 2016 operating budget. the timing and amount of estimated payments could change as a result of changes in regulatory requirements, changes in scope and timing of reclamation activities, the settlement of environmental matters and as actual spending occurs.
refer to note 12 and "risk factors" contained in part i, item 1a. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015, for further information about environmental regulation, including significant environmental matters.
asset retirement obligations we recognize aros as liabilities when incurred, with the initial measurement at fair value. these obligations, which are initially estimated based on discounted cash flow estimates, are accreted to full value over time through charges to cost of sales. mine reclamation costs for disturbances are recorded as an aro and as a related asset retirement cost (arc) (included in property, plant, equipment and development costs) in the period of disturbance.
oil and gas plugging and abandonment costs are recognized as an aro and as a related arc (included in oil and gas properties) in the period in which the well is drilled or acquired. our cost estimates are reflected on a third-
party cost basis and comply with our legal obligation to retire tangible, long-lived assets. at december 31, 2015 , we had $2.8 billion recorded in our consolidated balance sheet for aros, including $1.1 billion related to our oil and gas properties. spending on aros totaled $133 million in 2015 , $99 million in 2014 and $107 million in 2013
(including $92 million in 2015, $74 million in 2014 and $64 million in 2013 for our oil and gas operations). for
2016 , we expect to incur approximately $172 million for aggregate aro payments. refer to note 12 for further discussion.
litigation and other contingencies refer to notes 2 and 12 and "legal proceedings" contained in part i, item 3. of our annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015 , for further discussion of contingencies associated with legal proceedings and other matters.
disclosures about market risks
