item 1a.   risk factors in addition to the normal risks of business, we are subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including those listed below and others described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. any of the risks described herein could result in a significant adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
risks related to our business and operations entity mergers or consolidations and business failures in the banking and financial services industry could adversely affect our business by eliminating some of our existing and potential clients and making us more dependent on a more limited number of clients.
there has been and continues to be substantial consolidation activity in the banking and financial services industry. in addition, many financial institutions that experienced negative operating results, including some of our clients, have failed. these consolidations and failures reduce our number of potential clients and may reduce our number of existing clients, which could adversely affect our revenues, even if the events do not reduce the aggregate activities of the consolidated entities. further, if our clients fail and/or merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our clients, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce use of our services. it is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting from consolidations would have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services we currently provide or could provide. any of these developments could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
if we fail to innovate or adapt our services to changes in technology or in the marketplace, or if our ongoing efforts to upgrade our technology are not successful, we could lose clients or our clients could lose customers and have difficulty attracting new clients for our services.
the markets for our services are characterized by constant technological changes, frequent introductions of new services and evolving industry standards. our future success will be significantly affected by our ability to enhance our current services, and develop and introduce new services that address the increasingly sophisticated needs of our clients and their customers. in addition, as more of our revenue shifts to saas, cloud, bpaas and services, the need to keep pace with rapid technology changes becomes more acute. these initiatives carry the risks associated with any new service development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery, and performance issues. there can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing, marketing and selling new services that meet these changing demands, that we will not experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, introduction, and marketing of these services, or that our new services and their enhancements will adequately meet the demands of the marketplace and achieve market acceptance. any of these developments could have an adverse impact on our future revenues and/or business prospects.
we operate in a competitive business environment and if we are unable to compete effectively our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected.
the market for our services is intensely competitive. our competitors vary in size and in the scope and breadth of the services they offer. some of our competitors have substantial resources. we face direct competition from third parties, and since many of our larger potential clients have historically developed their key applications in-house and therefore view their system requirements from a make-versus-buy perspective, we often compete against our potential clients' in-house capacities. in addition, we expect that the markets in which we compete will continue to attract new competitors and new technologies. there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete successfully against current or future competitors or that the competitive pressures we face in the markets in which we operate will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. see "item i. business. competition."
global economic, political and other conditions, including business cycles and consumer confidence, may adversely affect our clients or trends in consumer spending, which may adversely impact the demand for our services and our revenue and profitability.
a significant portion of our revenue is derived from transaction processing fees. the global transaction processing industries depend heavily upon the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. any change in economic factors, including a sustained deterioration in general economic conditions or consumer confidence, particularly in the united states, or increases in interest rates in key countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer spending, including related consumer debt, reduce check writing and change credit and debit card usage, and as a result, adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions that we service.
12
when there is a slowdown or downturn in the economy, a drop in stock market levels or trading volumes, or an event that disrupts the financial markets, our business and financial results, particularly with respect to our capital markets businesses, may suffer for a number of reasons. customers may react to worsening conditions by reducing their capital expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their information technology spending. in addition, customers may curtail or discontinue trading operations, delay or cancel information technology projects, or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers to lower cost solutions. if any of these circumstances remain in effect for an extended period of time, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial results.
constraints within global financial markets or international regulatory requirements could constrain our financial institution clients' ability to purchase our services, impacting our future growth and profitability.
a significant number of our clients and potential clients may hold sovereign debt of economically struggling nations or be subject to emerging international requirements such as basel iii, which could require changes in their capitalization and hence the amount of their working capital available to purchase our services. these potential constraints could alter the ability of clients or potential clients to purchase our services and thus could have a significant impact on our future growth and profitability.
potential clients may be reluctant to switch to a new vendor, which may adversely affect our growth.
for banks and other potential clients of our financial information software and services, switching from one vendor of bank core processing or related software and services (or from an internally-developed system) to a new vendor is a significant undertaking. many potential clients perceive potential disadvantages such as loss of accustomed functionality, increased costs (including conversion costs) and business disruption. as a result, potential clients may resist change. we seek to overcome this resistance through value enhancing strategies such as a defined conversion process, system integration including bundling additional services and making ongoing investments to enhance the functionality of our software. however, there can be no assurance that our strategies for overcoming potential clients' reluctance to change vendors will be successful, and this resistance may adversely affect our growth.
the sales and implementation cycles for many of our software and service offerings can be lengthy and require significant investment from both our clients and fis. if we fail to close sales or if a client chooses not to complete an installation after expending significant time and resources to do so, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected.
the sales and associated deployment of many of our software or service offerings often involve significant capital commitments by our clients and/or fis. potential clients generally commit significant resources to an evaluation of available software and services and require us to expend substantial time, effort, and money educating them prior to sales. further, as part of the sale or deployment of our software and services, clients may also require fis to perform significant related services to complete a proof of concept or custom development to meet their needs. all of the aforementioned activities may expend significant funds and management resources and, ultimately, the client may determine not to close the sale or complete the implementation. if we are unsuccessful in closing sales or if the client decides not to complete an implementation after we expend significant funds and management resources or we experience delays, it could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our results may fluctuate from period to period because of the lengthy and unpredictable sales cycle for our software, changes in our mix of licenses and services, activity by competitors, and customer budgeting or operations requirements or renewal cycles.
particularly with respect to the legacy sungard business, our operating results may fluctuate from period to period and be difficult to predict in a particular period due to the timing and magnitude of software license sales and other factors. we offer a number of our software solutions on a license basis, which means that the customer has the right to run the software on its own computers. the customer usually makes a significant up-front payment to license software, which we generally recognize as revenue when the license contract is signed and the software is delivered. the size of the up-front payment often depends on a number of factors that are different for each customer, such as the number of customer locations, users or accounts. the sales cycle for a software license may be lengthy and take unexpected turns. further, our customers' business models are shifting away from paying upfront license fees to paying periodic rental fees for services. thus, it is difficult to predict when software sales will occur or how much revenue they will generate. since there are few incremental costs associated with software sales, our operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year due to the timing and magnitude of software sales.
13
our results may also vary as a result of pricing pressures, increased cost of equipment, the evolving and unpredictable markets in which our solutions and services are sold, changes in accounting principles, and competitors' new solutions or services.
in addition, there are a number of other factors that could cause our sales and results of operation to fluctuate from period to period, including:
•   customers periodically renew or upgrade their installed base of our solutions, which trigger buying cycles for current or new versions of our solutions and our revenue generally fluctuates with these refresh cycles as a result;
•   the budgeting cycles and purchasing practices of customers, particularly large customers;
•   changes in customer, distributor or reseller requirements or market needs;
•   deferral of orders from customers in anticipation of new solutions or offerings announced by us or our competitors or otherwise anticipated by the market;
•   our ability to successfully expand our business domestically and internationally; and
•   insolvency or credit difficulties confronting our customers, which could adversely affect their ability to purchase or pay for our solutions.
failure to obtain new clients or renew client contracts on favorable terms could adversely affect results of operations and financial condition.
we may face pricing pressure in obtaining and retaining our larger clients. larger clients may be able to seek price reductions from us when they renew a contract, when a contract is extended, or when the client's business has significant volume changes. they may also reduce services if they decide to move services in-house. further, our smaller and mid-size clients may exert pricing pressure due to pricing competition or other economic needs or pressures being experienced by the client. on some occasions, this pricing pressure results in lower revenue from a client than we had anticipated based on our previous agreement with that client. this reduction in revenue could result in an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
further, failure to renew client contracts on favorable terms could have an adverse effect on our business. our contracts with clients generally run for several years and include liquidated damage provisions that provide for early termination fees. terms are generally renegotiated prior to the end of a contract's term. if we are not successful in achieving a high rate of contract renewals on favorable terms, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
our business and operating results could be adversely affected if we experience business interruptions, errors or failure in connection with our or third-party information technology and communication systems and other software and hardware used in connection with its business, if we experience defects or design errors in the software solutions we offer, or more generally, if the third-party vendors we rely upon are unwilling or unable to provide the services we need to effectively operate our business.
many of our services, including our transformation services, are based on sophisticated software and computing systems, and we may encounter delays when developing new technology solutions and services. further, the technology solutions underlying our services have occasionally contained and may in the future contain undetected errors or defects when first introduced or when new versions are released. in addition, we may experience difficulties in installing or integrating our technologies on platforms used by our clients or our clients may cancel a project after we have expended significant effort and resources to complete an installation. finally, our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses. defects in our technology solutions, errors or delays in the processing of electronic transactions, or other difficulties could result in: (i) interruption of business operations; (ii) delay in market acceptance; (iii) additional development and remediation costs; (iv) diversion of technical and other resources; (v) loss of clients; (vi) negative publicity; or (vii) exposure to liability claims. any one or more of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. although we attempt to limit our potential liability through controls, including system redundancies, security controls, application development and testing controls and disclaimers and limitation-of-liability provisions in our license and client agreements, we cannot be certain that these measures will always be successful in preventing disruption or limiting our liability.
further, most of the solutions we offer are very complex software systems that are regularly updated. no matter how careful the design and development, complex software often contains errors and defects when first introduced and when major new updates or enhancements are released. if errors or defects are discovered in current or future solutions, we may not be able to correct them in a timely manner, if at all. in our development of updates and enhancements to our software solutions, we may make a major design error that makes the solution operate incorrectly or less efficiently. the failure of software to properly perform could result in the company and its clients being subjected to losses or liability, including censures, fines, or other
14
sanctions by applicable regulatory authorities, and we could be liable to parties who are financially harmed by those errors. in addition, such errors could cause the company to lose revenues, lose clients or damage its reputation.
for approximately one week in august 2015, certain u.s. operations of a single sungard customer were disrupted by an issue affecting its sungard-hosted fund accounting platform that occurred following a recommended operating system update implemented by sungard. the customer uses the platform for the processing of net asset values (navs) for certain mutual funds, exchange-traded funds and collective investment funds. while the incident resulted in delayed publication of certain navs or use of alternative navs, no data was lost as a result of the incident. the platform is operating as designed and we continue to work with our customer to resolve all resulting matters. no other legacy sungard customers were disrupted.
in addition, we generally depend on a number of third parties, both in the united states and internationally, to supply elements of our systems, computers, research and market data, connectivity, communication network infrastructure, other equipment and related support and maintenance. we cannot be certain that any of these third parties will be able to continue providing these services to effectively meet our evolving needs. if our vendors, or in certain cases vendors of our customers, fail to meet their obligations, provide poor or untimely service, or we are unable to make alternative arrangements for the provision of these services, we may in turn fail to provide our services or to meet our obligations to our customers, and our business, financial condition and operating results could be materially harmed.
the dodd-frank act may result in business changes for our clients that could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, or prospects for future growth and overall business.
our clients are required to comply with numerous regulations. the dodd-frank act and associated durbin amendment were passed and signed into law in 2010. the dodd-frank act represents a comprehensive overhaul of the regulations governing the financial services industry within the united states. the dodd-frank act established the cfpb and will require this and other federal agencies to implement many new regulations, which have the potential to increase the amount and types of regulation on areas of our business that were not previously regulated.
several new regulations and rules will be written and implemented as directed by the dodd-frank act. these new rules and regulations will require our clients or potential clients to comply with new requirements and could require us to directly comply with new regulations. these new requirements could result in the need for fis to make capital investments to modify our solutions and services to facilitate our clients' and potential clients' compliance, as well as to deploy additional processes or reporting to comply with new regulations. further, requirements of the new regulations could result in changes in our clients' business practices and those of other marketplace participants that may alter the delivery of services to consumers, which could impact the demand for our software and services as well as alter the type or volume of transactions that we process on behalf of our clients. as a result, these new requirements could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business.
many of our clients are subject to a regulatory environment and to industry standards that may change in a manner that reduces the types or volume of solutions or services we provide, or may reduce the type or number of transactions in which our clients engage, and therefore, reduces our revenues.
our clients are subject to a number of government regulations and industry standards with which our services must comply. our clients must ensure that our services and related solutions work within the extensive and evolving regulatory and industry requirements applicable to them. federal, state, foreign or industry authorities could adopt laws, rules or regulations affecting our clients' businesses that could lead to increased operating costs and could reduce the convenience and functionality of our services, possibly resulting in reduced market acceptance. in addition, action by regulatory authorities relating to credit availability, data usage, privacy, or other related regulatory developments could have an adverse effect on our clients and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenues, results of operations, prospects for future growth and overall business.
regulations enacted by the cfpb may require fis to adopt new business practices which may require capital investment and/or incremental expenses which could impact our future operating results.
the cfpb regulates financial and non-financial institutions and providers to those institutions. the cfpb is establishing its regulatory agenda and will likely pass additional rules for regulating non-financial institution providers to ensure adequate protection of consumer privacy and to ensure consumers are not impacted by deceptive business practices. the impact of these rules may require fis to be subject to additional regulation and adopt additional business practices that could require additional capital expenditures or impact our operating results.
15
our revenues from the sale of services to members of visa, mastercard, american express, discover and other similar organizations are dependent upon our continued certification and sponsorship, and the loss or suspension of certification or sponsorship could adversely affect our business.
in order to provide our card processing services, we must be certified (including applicable sponsorship) by visa, mastercard, american express, discover and other similar organizations. these certifications are dependent upon our continued adherence to the standards of the issuing bodies and sponsoring member banks. the member financial institutions, some of which are our competitors, set the standards with which we must comply. if we fail to comply with these standards we could be fined, our certifications could be suspended, or our registration could be terminated. the suspension or termination of our certifications, or any changes in the rules and regulations governing visa, mastercard, american express, discover, or other similar organizations, could result in a reduction in revenue or increased costs of operation, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business.
changes in card association and debit network fees or products could increase costs or otherwise limit our operations.
from time to time, card associations and debit networks increase the interchange fees that they charge. it is possible that competitive pressures will result in our absorption of a portion of such increases in the future, which would increase our operating costs, reduce our profit margin and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. furthermore, the rules and regulations of the various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. any increase in the capital level required would further limit our use of capital for other purposes.
interchange fees and related practices have been receiving significant legal and regulatory scrutiny worldwide. the resulting regulatory changes that could occur from proposed regulations could alter the fees charged by card associations and debit networks worldwide. such changes could have an adverse impact on our business or financial condition due to reductions or changes in types of transactions processed on behalf of our clients.
our securities brokerage operations are highly regulated and subject to risks that are not encountered in our other businesses.
one of our subsidiaries is an sec registered broker-dealer in the u.s. and others are authorized by the fca to conduct certain regulated business in the u.k. domestic and foreign regulatory and self-regulatory organizations, such as the sec, the financial industry regulatory authority, and the fca can, among other things, fine, censure, issue cease-and-desist orders against, and suspend or expel a broker-dealer or its officers or employees for failure to comply with the many laws and regulations that govern brokerage activities. such sanctions may arise out of currently-conducted activities or those conducted in prior periods. our ability to comply with these laws and regulations is largely dependent on our establishment, maintenance, and enforcement of an effective brokerage compliance program. failure to establish, maintain, and enforce the required brokerage compliance procedures, even if unintentional, could subject us to significant losses, lead to disciplinary or other actions, and tarnish our reputation. regulations affecting the brokerage industry may change, which could adversely affect our financial results.
we are exposed to certain risks relating to the execution services provided by our brokerage operations to our customers and counterparties, which include other broker-dealers, active traders, hedge funds, asset managers, and other institutional and non-institutional clients. these risks include, but are not limited to, customers or counterparties failing to pay for or deliver securities, trading errors, the inability or failure to settle trades, and trade execution system failures. in our other businesses, we generally can disclaim liability for trading losses that may be caused by our software, but in our brokerage operations, we may not be able to limit our liability for trading losses or failed trades even when we are not at fault. as a result, we may suffer losses that are disproportionately large compared to the relatively modest profit contributions of our brokerage operations.
if we fail to comply with applicable regulations or to meet regulatory expectations, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely impacted.
the majority of our data processing services for financial institutions are not directly subject to federal or state regulations specifically applicable to financial institutions such as banks, thrifts and credit unions. however, as a provider of services to these financial institutions, our data processing operations are examined on a regular basis by various federal and state regulatory authorities and by international regulatory authorities, such as the fca, in certain jurisdictions. if we fail to comply with any applicable regulations or guidelines for operations of a data services provider, we could be subject to regulatory actions or rating changes, may not meet contractual obligations, and may suffer harm to our client relationships or reputation. failure to meet the aforementioned requirements or to adapt to new requirements at the federal, state or international level
16
could inhibit our ability to retain existing clients or obtain new clients, which could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
in addition to our data processing services described above, we also have business operations that store, process or transmit consumer information or have direct relationships with consumers that are obligated to comply with regulations, including, but not limited to, the federal fair credit reporting act, the federal fair debt collection practices act and applicable privacy requirements. further, our international businesses must comply with applicable laws such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act. failure to maintain compliance with or adapt to changes in any of the aforementioned requirements could result in fines, penalties or regulatory actions that could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
security breaches or attacks, or our failure to comply with information security laws, or regulations or industry security requirements, could harm our business by disrupting our delivery of services and damaging our reputation and could result in a breach of one or more client contracts.
we electronically receive, process, store and transmit sensitive business information of our clients. in addition, we collect personal consumer data, such as names and addresses, social security numbers, driver's license numbers, cardholder data and payment history records. such information is necessary to support our clients' transaction processing and to conduct our check authorization and collection businesses. the uninterrupted operation of our information systems, as well as the confidentiality of the customer/consumer information that resides on such systems, is critical to our successful operation. if we fail to maintain an adequate security infrastructure, adapt to emerging security threats, or implement sufficient security standards and technology to protect against security breaches, the confidentiality of the information we secure could be compromised. unauthorized access to our computer systems or databases could result in the theft or publication of confidential information, the deletion or modification of records, or could otherwise cause interruptions in our operations. these risks are greater with increased information transmission over the internet and the increasing level of sophistication posed by cyber criminals.
as a provider of services to financial institutions and a provider of card processing services, we are bound by the same limitations on disclosure of the information we receive from our clients as apply to the clients themselves. if we fail to comply with these regulations and industry security requirements, we could be exposed to suits for breach of contract, governmental proceedings, and the imposition of fines, or prohibitions on card processing services. in addition, if more restrictive privacy laws, rules or industry security requirements are adopted in the future on the federal or state level, or by a specific industry body, they could have an adverse impact on us through increased costs or restrictions on business processes. any inability to prevent security or privacy breaches, or the perception that such breaches may occur, could cause our existing clients to lose confidence in our systems and terminate their agreements with us, inhibit our ability to attract new clients, result in increasing regulation, or bring about other adverse consequences from the government agencies that regulate our business.
high profile payment card industry or digital banking security breaches could impact consumer payment behavior patterns in the future and reduce our card payment transaction volumes.
we are unable to predict whether or when high profile card payment or digital banking security breaches will occur and if they occur, whether consumers will transact less on their payment cards or reduce their digital banking service. if consumers transact less on cards issued by our clients or reduce digital banking services and we are not able to adapt to offer our clients alternative technologies, it could have a significant adverse impact on our revenue and related earnings.
misappropriation of our intellectual property and proprietary rights or a finding that our patents are invalid could impair our competitive position.
our ability to compete depends in some part upon our proprietary solutions and technology. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may attempt to copy aspects of our services or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary or challenge the validity of our patents with governmental authorities. policing unauthorized use of our proprietary rights is difficult. we cannot make any assurances that the steps we have taken will prevent misappropriation of technology or that the agreements entered into for that purpose will be enforceable. effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright, and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our applications and services are made available online. misappropriation of our intellectual property or potential litigation concerning such matters could have an adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
if our applications or services are found to infringe the proprietary rights of others, we may be required to change our business practices and may also become subject to significant costs and monetary penalties.
17
as our information technology applications and services develop, we are increasingly subject to infringement claims. any claims, whether with or without merit, could: (i) be expensive and time-consuming to defend; (ii) result in an injunction or other equitable relief which could cause us to cease making, licensing or using applications that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; (iii) require us to redesign our applications, if feasible; (iv) divert management's attention and resources; and (v) require us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements in order to obtain the right to use necessary technologies or pay damages resulting from any infringing use.
some of our solutions contain "open source" software, and any failure to comply with the terms of one or more of these open source licenses could negatively affect our business.
we use a limited amount of software licensed by its authors or other third parties under so-called "open source" licenses and may continue to use such software in the future. some of these licenses contain requirements that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon the open source software, and that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of a particular open source license or other license granting third parties certain rights of further use. by the terms of certain open source licenses, we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner. additionally, the terms of many open source licenses have not been interpreted by united states or other courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a manner that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our solutions. in addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or controls on origin of the software. we have established processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from our development organizations for the use of open source, but we cannot be sure that all open source is submitted for approval prior to use in our solutions. in addition, many of the risks associated with usage of open source cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business.
we face liability to our merchant clients if checks that we have guaranteed are dishonored by the check writer's bank.
if checks that we have guaranteed are dishonored by the check writers' banks, we must reimburse our merchant clients for the checks' face value and pursue collection from the check writers. in some cases, we recognize a liability to our merchant clients for estimated check returns and a receivable for amounts we estimate we will recover from the check writers, based on historical experience and other relevant factors. the estimated check returns and recovery amounts are subject to the risk that actual amounts returned may exceed our estimates and actual amounts recovered by us may be less than our estimates. changes in economic conditions, the risk characteristics and composition of our clients and other factors could impact our actual and projected amounts.
lack of system integrity, fraudulent payments, credit quality, and undetected errors related to funds settlement or the availability of clearing services could result in a financial loss.
we settle funds on behalf of financial institutions, other businesses and consumers and receive funds from clients, card issuers, payment networks and consumers on a daily basis for a variety of transaction types. transactions facilitated by us include debit card, credit card, electronic bill payment transactions, banking payments and check clearing that supports consumers, financial institutions and other businesses. these payment activities rely upon the technology infrastructure that facilitates the verification of activity with counterparties, the facilitation of the payment as well as the detection or prevention of fraudulent payments. if our continuity of operations, integrity of processing, or ability to detect or prevent fraudulent payments were compromised, this could result in a financial loss to us. in addition, we rely on various financial institutions to provide ach services in support of funds settlement for certain of our solutions. if we are unable to obtain such ach services in the future, that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. in addition, we may issue credit to consumers, financial institutions or other businesses as part of the funds settlement. a default on this credit by a counterparty could result in a financial loss to us. furthermore, if one of our clients for which we facilitate settlement suffers a fraudulent event due to an error of their controls, we may suffer a financial loss if the client does not have sufficient capital to cover the loss.
failure to properly manage or mitigate risks in the operation of our wealth management businesses in the u.s and the u.k could have adverse liability consequences.
we have wealth management businesses in the u.s. and u.k. engaged in processing securities transactions on behalf of clients and serving as a custodian. failure to properly manage or mitigate risks in those operations and increased volatility in the financial markets may increase the potential for and magnitude of resulting losses, including those that may arise from human errors or omissions, defects or interruptions in computer or communications systems or breakdowns in processes or in
18
internal controls.  human errors or omissions may include failures to comply with applicable laws or corporate policies and procedures, theft, fraud or misappropriation of assets, whether arising from the intentional actions of internal personnel or external third parties.  in addition, the u.s.-based business holds charters in the states of georgia and delaware which exposes us to further regulatory compliance requirements of the georgia department of banking and finance and the office of the commissioner of banking in the state of delaware. the u.s. wealth management business is required to hold certain levels of regulatory capital as defined by the state banking regulators in the states in which they hold a bank or trust charter (delaware and georgia). in the u.k., our platform securities and broker dealer businesses are regulated by the fca and are subject to further regulatory capital requirements. we also have registered investment advisor and transfer agent businesses regulated by the sec and subject to further regulatory requirements.
our business is subject to the risks of international operations, including movements in foreign currency exchange rates.
the international operations of fis represented approximately 22% of our total 2015 revenues, and are largely conducted in currencies other than the u.s. dollar, including the brazilian real, british pound, euro and indian rupee. fis completed the sungard acquisition on november 30, 2015, and sungard's revenues are included after the date of acquisition. sungard legacy businesses derive an even greater percentage of total revenues outside the united states, primarily from customers located in europe. over the past few years, sungard has expanded its operations in certain emerging markets in asia, africa, europe, the middle east and south america. as a result, following the acquisition, we are to a greater degree subject to risks associated with doing business internationally. our business and financial results could be adversely affected due to a variety of factors, including:
•   changes in a specific country or region's political and cultural climate or economic condition, including change in governmental regime;
•unexpected or unfavorable changes in foreign laws, regulatory requirements and related interpretations;
•difficulty of effective enforcement of contractual provisions in local jurisdictions;
•inadequate intellectual property protection in foreign countries;
•   trade-protection measures, import or export licensing requirements such as export administration regulations promulgated by the u.s. department of commerce and fines, penalties or suspension or revocation of export privileges;
•   trade sanctions imposed by the united states or other governments with jurisdictional authority over our business operations;
•   the effects of applicable and potentially adverse foreign tax law changes;
•   significant adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates;
•   longer accounts receivable cycles;
•   managing a geographically dispersed workforce; and
•   compliance with the united states foreign corrupt practices act, or fcpa, and the office of foreign assets control regulations, particularly in emerging markets.
in foreign countries, particularly in those with developing economies, certain business practices may exist that are prohibited by laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and other anti-corruption laws. although our policies and procedures require compliance with these laws and are designed to facilitate compliance with these laws, our employees, contractors and agents may take actions in violation of applicable laws or our policies. any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and reputation.
as we expand our international operations, more of our clients may pay us in foreign currencies. conducting business in currencies other than u.s. dollars subjects us to fluctuations in currency exchange rates that can negatively impact our results, period to period, including relative to analyst estimates or guidance. our primary exposure to movements in foreign currency exchange rates relates to foreign currencies in brazil, europe, australia and parts of asia. the u.s. dollar value of our net investments in foreign operations, the periodic conversion of foreign-denominated earnings to the u.s. dollar (our reporting currency), and our results of operations and, in some cases, cash flows, could be adversely affected in a material manner by movements in foreign currency exchange rates. these risks could cause an adverse effect on the business, financial position and results of operations of the company.
we have businesses in emerging markets that may experience significant economic volatility.
19
we have operations in emerging markets, primarily in brazil, india, southeast asia, the middle east and africa. these emerging market economies tend to be more volatile than the more established markets we serve in north america and europe, which could add volatility to our future revenues and earnings.
failure to attract and retain skilled technical employees or senior management personnel could harm our ability to grow.
our future success depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly-skilled technical personnel. because the development of our solutions and services requires knowledge of computer hardware, operating system software, system management software and application software, our technical personnel must be proficient in a number of disciplines. competition for such technical personnel is intense, and our failure to hire and retain talented personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition.
our future growth will also require sales and marketing, financial and administrative personnel to develop and support new solutions and services, to enhance and support current solutions and services and to expand operational and financial systems. there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract and retain the necessary personnel to accomplish our growth strategies and we may experience constraints that could adversely affect our ability to satisfy client demand in a timely fashion.
our ability to maintain compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and to manage and monitor the risks facing our business relies upon the ability to maintain skilled compliance, security, risk and audit professionals. competition for such skillsets is intense, and our failure to hire and retain talented personnel could have an adverse effect on our internal control environment and impact our operating results.
our senior management team has significant experience in the financial services industry, either at fis or with clients or competitors, and the loss of this leadership could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. further, the loss of this leadership may have an adverse impact on senior management's ability to provide effective oversight and strategic direction for all key functions within the company, which could impact our future business, operating results and financial condition.
we are the subject of various legal proceedings that could have a material adverse effect on our revenue and profitability.
we are involved in various litigation matters, including in some cases class-action and patent infringement litigation. if we are unsuccessful in our defense of litigation matters, we may be forced to pay damages and/or change our business practices, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or unfavorable future tax law changes could adversely affect our tax expense.
our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. an unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, and could negatively impact our effective tax rate, financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the current and/or future periods. unfavorable future tax law changes could also result in these negative impacts. in addition, tax-law amendments in the united states and other jurisdictions could significantly impact how united states multinational corporations are taxed. although we cannot predict whether or in what form such legislation will pass, if enacted it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
a material weakness in our internal controls could have a material adverse effect on us.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to adequately mitigate risk of fraud. if we cannot provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and adequately mitigate risk of fraud, our reputation and operating results could be harmed. internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. in addition, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
a material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company's annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information. if we are unable to report financial information timely
20
and accurately or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, we could be subject to, among other things, regulatory or enforcement actions by the sec, any one of which could adversely affect our business prospects.
risks related to business combinations and ventures we expect to incur substantial expenses related to the sungard acquisition, which was completed on november 30, 2015 and the integration of sungard.
we expect to incur substantial expenses in connection with the acquisition and the integration of sungard. additionally, there are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that must be integrated, including information technology, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, billing, information security, risk, legal, marketing and human resources, including payroll and employee benefits. while we have attempted to estimate the after-tax integration and restructuring costs and other costs incurred to execute the transaction following completion of the acquisition, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. these expenses are likely, particularly in the near term, to exceed the savings that we expect to achieve from elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings. although we expect that the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will offset incremental transaction, merger-related and restructuring costs over time, we cannot give any assurance that this net benefit will be achieved in the near term, or at all.
in addition, there is a risk that fis will be exposed to liabilities of sungard that were not disclosed to fis in connection with its entry into the merger agreement. under the merger agreement, fis has no contractual rights to indemnification for any undisclosed liabilities. any such losses or liabilities could be material to our results of operations or financial condition.
successful integration of sungard and successful operation of the combined company is not assured and the combined company may not be able to realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisition . also, integration efforts may divert the attention of management away from operations.
realization of the anticipated benefits in the acquisition will depend, in part, on the combined company's ability to successfully integrate the businesses and operations of sungard. integrating and coordinating certain aspects of the operations and personnel of sungard will involve complex operational, technological and personnel-related challenges. this process will be time-consuming and expensive, may disrupt our businesses and may not result in the full benefits we expected, including cost synergies expected to arise from overlapping functions. the potential difficulties, and resulting costs and delays, include:
•   managing a larger combined company;
•   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures;
•   difficulties attracting and retaining key personnel;
•   loss of customers and suppliers and inability to attract new customers and suppliers;
•   unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications and other systems; and
•   unforeseen and unexpected liabilities related to the acquisition or legacy sungard business.
additionally, the integration of sungard's operations, solutions and personnel may place a significant burden on management and other internal resources. the diversion of management's attention, and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process, could harm the combined company's business, financial condition and operating results. if the combined company is not successfully integrated, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition , including cost synergies, may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. there can be no assurances that the expected benefits and efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will be realized to offset the integration costs over time.
there could be significant liability for us if all or part of the as split-off were determined to be taxable for u.s. federal or state income tax purposes.
on march 31, 2014, sungard completed the split-off of its availability services ("as") business to its existing stockholders, including its private equity owners, on a tax-free and pro-rata basis (the "as split-off"). at the time sungard received opinions from outside tax counsel to the effect that the as split-off should qualify for tax-free treatment as transactions described in section 355 and related provisions of the internal revenue code, as amended (the "code"). in addition, actions taken following the as split-off, including the acquisition and certain 50 percent or greater changes by vote or value of the stock ownership of the new entity conducting the as business, may cause the as split-off to be taxable to fis. in connection with the acquisition, we and sungard received opinions of outside tax counsel to the effect that the acquisition should not cause the as split-off to fail to so qualify.
21
notwithstanding the receipt of tax opinions, the tax-free treatment of the as split-off is not free from doubt, and there is a risk that the internal revenue service (the "irs"), a state taxing authority or a court could conclude to the contrary that the separation of the as business from sungard may not qualify as tax-free transactions. an opinion of tax counsel is not binding on the irs, state taxing authorities or any court and as a result there can be no assurance that a tax authority will not challenge the tax-free treatment of all or part of the as split-off or that, if litigated, a court would not agree with the irs or a state taxing authority. further, these tax opinions rely on certain facts, assumptions, representations, warranties and covenants from sungard, the new entity conducting the as business and from some of sungard's stockholders regarding the past and future conduct of the companies' respective businesses, share ownership and other matters. if any of the facts, assumptions, representations, warranties and covenants on which the opinions rely is inaccurate or incomplete or not satisfied, the opinions may no longer be valid. moreover, the irs or state taxing authority could determine on audit that the as split-off is taxable if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations, warranties or covenants are not correct or have been violated or if it disagrees with one or more conclusions in the opinions or for other reasons.
if the as split-off is determined to be taxable, we and possibly our stockholders could incur significant income tax liabilities. these tax liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
actions taken by sungard availability services capital, inc. or its stockholders could cause the as split-off to fail to qualify as a tax-free transaction, and sungard availability services capital, inc. may be unable to fully indemnify sungard for the resulting significant tax liabilities.
pursuant to the tax sharing and disaffiliation agreement ("tax sharing agreement") that sungard entered into with sungard availability services capital, inc ("spinco"), spinco is required to indemnify sungard for certain taxes relating to the as split-off that result from (i) any breach of the representations or the covenants made by spinco regarding the preservation of the intended tax-free treatment of the as split-off, (ii) any action or omission that is inconsistent with the representations, statements, warranties and covenants provided to tax counsel in connection with their delivery of tax opinions to sungard with respect to the as split-off, and (iii) any other action or omission that was likely to give rise to such taxes when taken, in each case, by spinco or any of its subsidiaries. conversely, if any such taxes are the result of such a breach or certain other actions or omissions by sungard, sungard would be wholly responsible for such taxes. in addition, if any part of the as split-off fails to qualify for the intended tax-free treatment for reasons other than those for which sungard or spinco would be wholly responsible pursuant to the provisions described above, spinco will be obligated to indemnify sungard for 23% of the liability for taxes imposed in respect of the as split-off and sungard would bear the remainder of such taxes. if spinco is required to indemnify sungard for any of the foregoing reasons, spinco's indemnification liabilities could potentially exceed its net asset value and spinco may be unable to fully reimburse or indemnify sungard for its significant tax liabilities arising from the as split-off as provided by the tax sharing agreement.
if holders of sungard stock who received fis common stock in the transaction sell that stock, it could adversely affect the market price of fis common stock.
all of the shares of fis common stock issued in the acquisition were immediately available for resale in the public market, subject to the limitations on resale by certain sungard stockholders during the first six months following the effective time of the mergers. as a result of future sales of such common stock, or the perception that these sales could occur, the market price of fis common stock may be adversely affected.
we have a substantial investment in our brazilian venture and obtain significant revenue through that venture that would be lost and result in significant termination costs if our venture partner were to terminate the agreement.
revenue attributable to our brazilian venture partner, banco bradesco, was $236.8 million in 2015. the contract that we have with our brazilian venture partner allows for the termination or partial termination of the contract at any point during the 10-year term, which ends september 30, 2020. this risk of contract termination is reduced by guaranteed performance targets and minimum payments that would be triggered upon the event of an early termination. these payments have been established based on fis' expected rate of return for the contract over a 10-year period. the required payments and buyouts decline each year and are further reduced by returns in excess of the expected returns for the contract and reduce the overall barrier to exiting the venture. if our partner were to exit the agreement, this could have a significant impact on our future revenue and growth. for further detail on our brazilian venture see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.
additionally, we employ approximately 10,000 employees in brazil who would have the ability to file labor claims if their employment is terminated. if our brazilian venture partner were to terminate the agreement, we, and they, may be subject to labor claims filed by employees of the brazilian venture. these claims, if realized, could result in a significant cost and impact to our earnings.
22
we have substantial investments in recorded goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of prior acquisitions, and a severe or extended economic downturn could cause these investments to become impaired, requiring write-downs that would reduce our operating income.
as of december 31, 2015, goodwill aggregated to $14.7 billion, or 56.1% of total assets, and other indefinite lived intangible assets aggregated to $80.8 million, or 0.3% of total assets. current accounting rules require goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets to be assessed for impairment at least annually or whenever changes in circumstances indicate potential impairment. factors that may be considered a change in circumstance include significant underperformance relative to historical or projected future operating results, a significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization, and negative industry or economic trends. the results of our 2015 annual assessment of the recoverability of goodwill indicated that the fair values of the company's reporting units were in excess of the carrying values of those reporting units, and thus no goodwill impairment existed as of december 31, 2015. likewise, the fair value of indefinite lived intangible assets was also in excess of the carrying value of those assets as of december 31, 2015. however, if worldwide or united states economic conditions decline significantly with negative impacts to bank spending and consumer behavior, or if other business or market changes impact our outlook, the carrying amount of our goodwill and other indefinite lived intangible assets may no longer be recoverable and we may be required to record an impairment charge, which would have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.
as of december 31, 2015, intangible assets with finite useful lives aggregated to $5,078.4 million, or 19.3% of total assets. current accounting rules require intangible assets with finite useful lives to be reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. factors that may be considered a change in circumstance include significant under-performance relative to historical or projected future operating results, a significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization, and negative industry or economic trends.
we will continue to monitor the fair value of our intangible assets as well as our market capitalization and the impact of any economic downturn on our business to determine if there is an impairment in future periods.
risks related to our indebtedness losses, consolidations and failures in the financial services industry may impact our ability to borrow funds or the ability of our lenders to fulfill their obligations under our interest rate swap agreements.
some financial institutions continue to be challenged by negative operating results. in certain cases, these negative operating results have led to financial institution failures and/or consolidations. as a result, lenders may become insolvent, which could in turn make it more difficult or impossible for lenders to perform their obligations under our interest rate swap agreements or for us to borrow under our revolving loan, obtain financing on favorable terms, or obtain financing or interest rate swap agreements at all. our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if a financial institution fails to fulfill its obligations under our interest rate swap agreements or we are unable to draw funds under our revolving loan or obtain other cost-effective financing.
our existing debt levels and future levels under existing facilities and debt service requirements may adversely affect our financial condition or operational flexibility and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our outstanding indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2015, we had total debt of approximately $11.5 billion. this level of debt or any increase in our debt level could have adverse consequences for our business, financial condition, operating results and operational flexibility, including the following: (i) the debt level may cause us to have difficulty borrowing money in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes; (ii) our debt level may limit operational flexibility and our ability to pursue business opportunities and implement certain business strategies; (iii) some of our debt has a variable rate of interest, which exposes us to the risk of increased interest rates; (iv) we have a higher level of debt than some of our competitors or potential competitors, which may cause a competitive disadvantage and may reduce flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions, including increased competition and vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (v) there are significant maturities on our debt that we may not be able to fulfill or that may be refinanced at higher rates; and (vi) if we fail to satisfy our obligations under our outstanding debt or fail to comply with the financial or other restrictive covenants contained in the indenture governing our senior notes, or our credit facility, an event of default could result that could cause all of our debt to become due and payable.
23
statement regarding forward-looking information the statements contained in this form 10-k or in our other documents or in oral presentations or other statements made by our management that are not purely historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the u.s. federal securities laws. statements that are not historical facts, including statements regarding our expectations, hopes, intentions, or strategies regarding the future are forward-looking statements. these statements relate to, among other things, future events and our future results and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. forward-looking statements are based on management's beliefs, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, management. any statements that refer to beliefs, expectations, projections or other characterizations of future events or circumstances and other statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements. in many cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as "may," "will," "should," "expect," "plan," "anticipate," "believe," "estimate," "predict," "potential," or "continue," or the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. actual results, performance or achievement could differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements. the risks and uncertainties that forward-looking statements are subject to include without limitation:
•   the risk that the acquisition disrupts current and future plans and operations;
•   the effects of the acquisition on our financial results;
•   potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the acquisition ;
•   disruption from the acquisition, making it difficult to maintain business and operational relationships;
•   the risk that the businesses will not be integrated successfully, or that the integration will be more costly or more time-consuming and complex than anticipated;
•   the risk that cost savings and other synergies anticipated to be realized from the acquisition may not be fully realized or may take longer or be more costly to realize than expected;
•   the risk of doing business internationally;
•   changes in general economic, business and political conditions, including the possibility of intensified international hostilities, acts of terrorism, and changes in either or both the united states and international lending, capital and financial markets;
•   the effect of legislative initiatives or proposals, statutory changes, governmental or other applicable regulations and/or changes in industry requirements, including privacy regulations;
•   the risks of reduction in revenue from the elimination of existing and potential customers due to consolidation in, or new laws or regulations affecting, the banking, retail and financial services industries or due to financial failures or other setbacks suffered by firms in those industries;
•   changes in the growth rates of the markets for our solutions;
•   failures to adapt solutions to changes in technology or in the marketplace;
•   internal or external security breaches of our systems, including those relating to the unauthorized access, theft, corruption or loss of personal information and computer viruses and other malware affecting our software or platforms, and the reactions of customers, card associations, government regulators and others to any such events;
•   the risk that implementation of software (including software updates) for customers or at customer locations may result in the corruption or loss of data or customer information, interruption of business operations, exposure to liability claims or loss of customers;
•   the reaction of current and potential customers to communications from us or regulators regarding information security, risk management, internal audit or other matters;
•   competitive pressures on pricing related to our solutions including the ability to attract new, or retain existing, customers;
•   an operational or natural disaster at one of our major operations centers; and
•   other risks detailed elsewhere in this risk factors section and in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission.
other unknown or unpredictable factors also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. except as required by applicable law or regulation, we do not undertake (and expressly disclaim) any obligation and do not intend to publicly update or review any of these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. you should carefully consider the possibility that actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following section discusses management's view of the financial condition and results of operations of fis and its consolidated subsidiaries as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 and for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
this section should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes of fis included elsewhere in this annual report. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains forward-looking statements. see "forward-looking statements" and "risk factors" for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these forward-looking statements that could cause future results to differ materially from those reflected in this section.
overview fis is a global leader in financial services technology offering a broad range of solutions in retail and enterprise banking, payments, capital markets, asset and wealth management, risk and compliance, treasury and insurance, as well as providing financial consulting and outsourcing services. with a long history deeply rooted in serving the financial services sector, fis serves more than 20,000 institutions in over 130 countries. headquartered in jacksonville, florida, fis employs approximately 55,000 people worldwide and holds leadership positions in payment processing, financial software, capital markets and banking solutions. through our capco brand, we deliver a wide range of information technology consulting, advisory and transformational services to financial institutions globally. providing software, services and outsourcing of the technology that drives financial institutions, fis is a fortune 500 company and is a member of standard & poor's 500® index.
we have grown organically as well as through acquisitions, which have contributed critical applications and services that complement or enhance our existing offerings, diversifying our revenues by customer, geography and service offering. the completion of the sungard acquisition on november 30, 2015 increased our existing portfolio to include solutions that automate a wide range of complex business processes for financial services institutions and corporate and government treasury departments.
in 2015, fis finalized a reorganization and began reporting its financial performance based on three segments: integrated financial solutions ("ifs"), global financial solutions ("gfs") and corporate and other. we re-cast all previous periods to conform to the new segment presentation. with the acquisition and integration of sungard, another assessment of organizational structure and how best to allocate resources and analyze performance is underway that may result in a change in our reportable segments in 2016. sungard is included within the gfs segment following the november 30, 2015 acquisition, as its economic characteristics, international business model, and various other factors are largely aligned with those of gfs. a description of these segments is included in note 18 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. revenues by segment and the results of operations of our segments are discussed below in segment results of operations.
business trends and conditions our revenue is primarily derived from a combination of recurring technology and processing services, consulting and professional services and software license fees. the majority of our revenue has historically been recurring, provided under multi-year contracts that contribute relative stability to our revenue stream. these services, in general, are considered critical to our clients' operations. a significant portion of these recurring revenues is derived from transaction processing fees that fluctuate with the level of deposit accounts and card transactions, among other variable measures, associated with consumer and commercial activity. consulting and professional services revenues are typically non-recurring, and sales of software licenses are less predictable, a portion of which can be regarded as discretionary spending by our clients. in the second half of 2015, we experienced the macroeconomic challenges of a slowing in the global economy. that trend impacts us predominantly in the amount our clients spend with us for professional services. we expect this to continue through the first half of 2016.
the sungard acquisition broadens our solution portfolio, enabling us to expand beyond our traditional banking and payments markets into the institutional and wholesale side of financial institutions as well as other buy-side organizations. it significantly expands our existing solutions and client base in wealth management, treasury and corporate payments. these solutions are in demand among our regional and community financial institution clients as they look for ways to replace highly regulated fee revenues. the combination also favorably impacts our revenue mix, with a greater concentration of license revenues and higher margin services. as we integrate sungard into our existing operations, we anticipate significant cost savings around administration and technology expenses, with a goal of achieving annual synergy run-rate savings of $200 million by the end of 2017.
31
we are actively migrating many financial institutions to outsourced integrated technology solutions to improve their profitability and rapidly address increasing regulatory requirements. as a provider of outsourcing solutions, we benefit from multi-year recurring revenue streams, which help moderate the effects of broader year-to-year economic and market changes that otherwise might have a larger impact on our results of operations. we believe our integrated solutions and outsourced services are well positioned to address this outsourcing trend across the markets we serve.
the realignment of resources in our global financial solutions segment resulted in severance costs of $44.6 million in the first quarter of 2015. additional charges were incurred in the third quarter and are included in the severance and integration activities addressed under the selling, general and administrative expenses caption of consolidated results of operations. the realignment activities were a combination of optimizing on-shore and off-shore resources as well as the removal of overlapping management resources.
consumer preference continues to shift from traditional branch banking services to digital banking solutions, and our clients seek to provide a single integrated banking experience through their branch, mobile, internet and voice banking channels. we are focused on enabling our clients to deliver this experience to their customers through our integrated solutions and services. we continue to innovate and invest in these integrated solutions and services to assist clients as they address this market demand.
we continue to see demand for innovative solutions in the payments market that will deliver faster, more convenient payment solutions in mobile channels, internet applications and cards. we believe mobile payments will grow and partially replace existing payment tender volumes over time as consumers and merchants embrace the convenience, incremental services and benefits. mobile payment volume is growing significantly but does not yet represent a meaningful amount of the payments market. additionally, new formidable non-traditional payments competitors and large merchants are investing in and innovating mobile payment technologies to address the emerging market opportunity, and it is unclear the extent to which particular technologies or services will succeed. we believe the growth of mobile payments continues to present both an opportunity and a risk to us as the market develops. although we cannot predict which mobile payment technologies or solutions will be successful, we cautiously believe our client relationships, payments infrastructure and experience, adapted solutions and emerging solutions are well positioned to maintain or grow our clients' existing payment volumes, which is our focus.
high profile north american merchant payment card information security breaches have pushed the payment card industry towards emv integrated circuit cards as financial institutions, card networks and merchants seek to improve information security and reduce fraud costs. we have invested in our card management solutions and card manufacturing and processing capabilities to accommodate emv integrated circuit cards so we can guide our clients through this anticipated technology transition, and grow our card driven businesses. we believe the trend to migrate to emv cards will continue and we continue to invest to address market demand.
the use of checks continues to decline as a percentage of total payments, which negatively impacts our check warranty and item-processing businesses, and we expect this trend to continue. in 2014 and 2015, we observed a modest slowdown in our check volume decline and to date have been able to successfully mitigate the majority of the impacts of this decline through cost and fraud efficiency actions and new market solutions, which remain our continued focus.
we anticipate consolidation within the banking industry will continue, primarily in the form of merger and acquisition activity, which we believe as a whole is detrimental to our business. however, consolidation resulting from specific merger and acquisition transactions may be beneficial or detrimental to our business. when consolidations of financial institutions occur, merger partners often operate systems licensed from competing service providers. the newly formed entity generally makes a determination to migrate its core and payments systems to a single platform. when a financial institution processing client is involved in a consolidation, we may benefit by their expanding the use of our services if such services are chosen to survive the consolidation and support the newly combined entity. conversely, we may lose market share if we are providing services to both entities, or if a client of ours is involved in a consolidation and our services are not chosen to survive the consolidation and support the newly combined entity. it is also possible that larger financial institutions resulting from consolidation may have greater leverage in negotiating terms or could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services that we currently provide or could provide. we seek to mitigate the risks of consolidations by offering other competitive services to take advantage of specific opportunities at the surviving company. in 2015, we have experienced lower consolidation activity and resulting termination fees compared to the same periods in the prior two years.
notwithstanding challenging global economic conditions, our international business continued to experience growth across all major regions, including europe and asia on a constant currency basis during the year ended december 31, 2015. by
32
comparison with fis, a greater percentage of sungard's revenues have been contributed historically by international markets, which will contribute to this growth trend. demand for our solutions will also be driven in developing countries by government-led financial inclusion policies aimed to reduce the unbanked population and by growth in the middle classes in these markets driving the need for more sophisticated banking solutions. the majority of our european revenue is generated by clients in the united kingdom, france and germany. in 2015, we have experienced adverse currency impacts in our international businesses as a consequence of a relative strengthening u.s. dollar. in 2016, we expect unfavorable foreign currency impact compared to the comparable prior year periods to continue.
information security globally, attacks on information technology systems continue to grow in frequency, complexity and sophistication. this is a trend we expect to continue. such attacks have become a point of focus for individuals, businesses and governmental entities. the objectives of these attacks include, among other things, gaining unauthorized access to systems to facilitate financial fraud, disrupt operations, cause denial of service events, corrupt data, and steal non-public information. these circumstances present both a threat and an opportunity for fis. as part of our business, we electronically receive, process, store and transmit a wide range of confidential information, including sensitive customer information and personal consumer data. we also operate payment, cash access and prepaid card systems.
fis remains focused on making strategic investments in information security to protect our clients and our information systems. this includes both capital expenditures and operating expense on hardware, software, personnel and consulting services. we also participate in industry and governmental initiatives to improve information security for our clients. through the expertise we have gained with this ongoing focus and involvement, we have developed fraud, security, risk management and compliance solutions to target this growth opportunity in the financial services industry.
critical accounting policies the accounting policies described below are those we consider critical in preparing our consolidated financial statements. these policies require management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures with respect to contingent liabilities and assets at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. actual amounts could differ from those estimates. see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a more detailed description of the significant accounting policies that have been followed in preparing our consolidated financial statements.
revenue recognition the company generates revenues from the delivery of bank processing, credit and debit card processing services, other payment processing services, professional services, software licensing, software as a service ("saas"), cloud revenue and software related services. revenues are recognized when evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred, fees are fixed or determinable and collection is considered probable. we are frequently a party to multiple concurrent contracts with the same client. these situations require judgment to determine whether the individual contracts should be aggregated or evaluated separately for purposes of revenue recognition. in making this determination, we consider the timing of negotiating and executing the contracts, whether the different elements of the contracts are interdependent and whether any of the payment terms of the contracts are interrelated. our individual contracts also frequently include multiple elements. we must apply judgment in these circumstances in determining whether individual elements can be considered separate units of accounting or should instead be accounted for in combination with other deliverables. judgment is also required in ascribing fair value to each deliverable for purposes of allocating consideration. due to the large number, broad nature and average size of individual contracts we are party to, the impact of judgments and assumptions that we apply in recognizing revenue for any single contract is not likely to have a material effect on our consolidated operations or financial position. however, the broader accounting policy assumptions that we apply across similar arrangements or classes of clients could significantly influence the timing and amount of revenue recognized in our historical and future results of operations or financial position. additional information about our revenue recognition policies is included in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements.
computer software computer software includes the fair value of software acquired in business combinations, purchased software and capitalized software development costs. purchased software is recorded at cost and amortized using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life and software acquired in business combinations is recorded at its fair value and amortized using straight-line or accelerated methods over its estimated useful life.
33
the capitalization of software development costs is governed by fasb asc subtopic 985-20 if the software is to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed, or by fasb asc subtopic 350-40 if the software is for internal use. after the technological feasibility of the software has been established (for software to be marketed), or at the beginning of application development (for internal-use software), software development costs, which include primarily salaries and related payroll costs and costs of independent contractors incurred during development, are capitalized. research and development costs incurred prior to the establishment of technological feasibility (for software to be marketed), or prior to application development (for internal-use software), are expensed as incurred. software development costs are amortized on a product-by-product basis commencing on the date of general release of the products (for software to be marketed) or the date placed in service (for internal-use software). software development costs for software to be marketed are amortized using the greater of (1) the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, which ranges from three to 10 years, or (2) the ratio of current revenues to total anticipated revenues over its useful life.
in determining useful lives, management considers historical results and technological trends that may influence the estimate. useful lives for all computer software range from three to 10 years. we also assess the recorded value of computer software for impairment on a regular basis by comparing the carrying value to the estimated future cash flows to be generated by the underlying software asset (for software to be marketed). there are inherent uncertainties in determining the expected useful life or cash flows to be generated from computer software. while we have not historically experienced significant changes in these estimates, our results of operations could be subject to such changes in the future.
purchase accounting, goodwill and other intangible assets we are required to allocate the purchase price of acquired businesses to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transaction at their estimated fair values. the estimates used to determine the fair value of long-lived assets, such as intangible assets, are complex and require a significant amount of management judgment. we generally engage independent valuation specialists to assist us in making fair value determinations.
if the initial accounting for a business combination is incomplete by the end of the reporting period in which the combination occurs, we are required to record provisional amounts in the financial statements for the items for which the accounting is incomplete. adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded that are identified during the measurement period are recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. this includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. during the measurement period, we are also required to recognize additional assets or liabilities if new information is obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date that, if known, would have resulted in the recognition of those assets and liabilities as of that date. the measurement period ends the sooner of one year from the combination date or when we receive the information we were seeking about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date or we learn that more information is not obtainable.
we are also required to estimate the useful lives of intangible assets to determine the amount of acquisition-related intangible asset amortization expense to record in future periods. we periodically review the estimated useful lives assigned to our finite-lived intangible assets to determine whether such estimated useful lives continue to be appropriate. additionally, we review our indefinite-lived intangible assets to determine if there is any change in circumstances that may indicate the asset's useful life is no longer indefinite.
goodwill represents the excess of cost over the fair value of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in business combinations. goodwill and other intangible assets with indefinite useful lives should not be amortized, but shall be tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. fasb asc topic 350 allows an entity first to assess qualitatively whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, referred to in the guidance as "step zero." if an entity concludes that it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount (that is, a likelihood of more than 50 percent), the "step one" quantitative assessment must be performed for that reporting unit. asc topic 350 provides examples of events and circumstances that should be considered in performing the "step zero" qualitative assessment, including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, events affecting a reporting unit or the entity as a whole and a sustained decrease in share price.
in applying the quantitative analysis, we determine the fair value of our reporting units based on a weighted average of multiple valuation techniques, principally a combination of an income approach and a market approach. the income approach calculates a value based upon the present value of estimated future cash flows, while the market approach uses earnings multiples of similarly situated guideline public companies. if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds the carrying value of the reporting unit's net assets, goodwill is not impaired and further testing is not required. we engaged independent specialists to
34
perform valuations of our reporting units effective january 1, 2015 in conjunction with our re-segmentation, and prior to that in 2012 as part of our annual impairment test. there was a substantial excess of fair value over carrying value for each of our reporting units in both the 2015 and 2012 independent valuations.
we assess goodwill for impairment on an annual basis during the fourth quarter using a september 30th measurement date unless circumstances require a more frequent measurement, as was the case in the first quarter of 2015. for each of 2015, 2014 and 2013, we began our annual impairment test with the step zero qualitative analysis. in performing the step zero qualitative analysis for each year, examining those factors most likely to affect our valuations, we concluded that it remained more likely than not that the fair value of each of our reporting units continued to exceed their carrying amounts. consequently, we did not perform a step one quantitative analysis specifically for the purpose of our annual impairment test in any year presented in these financial statements.
we also estimate the fair value of acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives and compare this amount to the underlying carrying value annually. similar to the asc topic 350 guidance for goodwill, asc section 360-10-35 allows an organization to first perform a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that an intangible asset has been impaired.
we engaged independent specialists to perform a valuation of our indefinite lived intangible assets in 2015, and prior to that in 2012, using a form of income approach valuation known as the relief-from-royalty method. for 2015, we proceeded directly to a step one quantitative analysis. there was a substantial excess of fair value over carrying value for each of our indefinite lived intangible assets in the 2015 independent valuations. for 2014 and 2013, we began our assessment of indefinite lived intangibles with the step zero qualitative analysis because there was a substantial excess of fair value over carrying value for each of our indefinite-lived intangible assets based on the 2012 valuation. based upon the results of these assessments, there were no indications of impairment, except for one trademark with nominal value in 2013.
determining the fair value of a reporting unit or acquired intangible assets with indefinite lives involves judgment and the use of significant estimates and assumptions, which include assumptions regarding the revenue growth rates and operating margins used to calculate estimated future cash flows, risk-adjusted discount rates and future economic and market conditions and other assumptions.
accounting for income taxes as part of the process of preparing the consolidated financial statements, we are required to determine income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. this process involves estimating actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences resulting from differing recognition of items for income tax and financial reporting purposes. these differences result in deferred income tax assets and liabilities, which are included within the consolidated balance sheets. we must then assess the likelihood that deferred income tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and, to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, establish a valuation allowance. to the extent we establish a valuation allowance or increase or decrease this allowance in a period, we must reflect this increase or decrease as an expense or benefit within income tax expense in the consolidated statements of earnings. determination of the income tax expense requires estimates and can involve complex issues that may require an extended period to resolve. further, changes in the geographic mix of revenues or in the estimated level of annual pre-tax income can cause the overall effective income tax rate to vary from period to period. we also receive periodic assessments from taxing authorities challenging our positions that must be taken into consideration in determining our tax reserves. resolving these assessments, which may or may not result in additional taxes due, may also require an extended period of time. we believe our tax positions comply with applicable tax law and we adequately account for any known tax contingencies. we believe the estimates and assumptions used to support our evaluation of tax benefit realization are reasonable. however, final determination of prior-year tax liabilities, either by settlement with tax authorities or expiration of statutes of limitations, could be materially different than estimates reflected in assets and liabilities and historical income tax provisions. the outcome of these final determinations could have a material effect on our income tax provision, net income or cash flows in the period that a determination is made.
related party transactions we are a party to certain historical related party agreements as discussed in note 5 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of part ii of this annual report.
factors affecting comparability
35
our consolidated financial statements included in this report, which presents our financial position and results of operations, reflect the following significant transactions:
•   on november 30, 2015, we completed the sungard acquisition for consideration of approximately 41.8 million shares of common stock of fis and approximately $2,334.8 million in cash. in addition, we issued restricted stock units ("rsus") to sungard employees covering approximately 2.4 million shares of fis common stock in exchange for unvested sungard rsus. fis also repaid approximately $4.7 billion in the aggregate principal amount of sungard debt. we funded the cash portion of the merger consideration, the pay-off of the indebtedness of sungard and the payment of transaction-related expenses through a combination of available cash-on-hand and proceeds from debt financings, including proceeds from an issuance in october 2015 of $4.5 billion aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes of fis. sungard's results of operations and financial position have been included in the consolidated financial statements from and after the date of acquisition. see note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of part ii of this annual report.
•   we have engaged in share repurchase programs throughout all periods presented. in 2015, we repurchased a total of 4.5 million shares for $300.4 million; in 2014, we repurchased a total of 8.7 million shares for $475.5 million; and in 2013, we repurchased a total of 10.7 million shares for $475.9 million.
as a result of the above transactions, our financial position, results of operations, earnings per share and cash flows in the periods covered by the consolidated financial statements may not be directly comparable.
36
consolidated results of operations
(in millions, except per share amounts)
2015                                                                                                                                            2014                  2013
processing and services revenues                                                                                  $6,595.2              $6,413.8              $6,063.4
cost of revenues                                                                                                   4,393.2               4,328.3               4,092.7
gross profit                                                                                                       2,202.0               2,085.5               1,970.7
selling, general, and administrative expenses                                                                      1,102.8                 814.9                 907.8
operating income                                                                                                   1,099.2               1,270.6               1,062.9
other income (expense):
interest income                                                                                                       15.7                  15.3                  10.4
interest expense                                                                                                    (199.1   )            (172.8   )            (198.6   )
other income (expense), net                                                                                          121.1                 (59.7   )             (51.2   )
total other income (expense)                                                                                         (62.3   )            (217.2   )            (239.4   )
earnings from continuing operations before income taxes                                                            1,036.9               1,053.4                 823.5
provision for income taxes                                                                                           378.8                 335.1                 308.9
earnings from continuing operations, net of tax                                                                      658.1                 718.3                 514.6
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                              (7.3   )             (11.4   )               3.1
net earnings                                                                                                         650.8                 706.9                 517.7
net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest                                                          (19.3   )             (27.8   )             (24.6   )
net earnings attributable to fis                                                                                    $631.5                $679.1                $493.1
net earnings per share - basic from continuing operations attributable to fis common stockholders                    $2.24                 $2.42                 $1.69
net earnings (loss) per share - basic from discontinued operations attributable to fis common stockholders           (0.03   )             (0.04   )              0.01
net earnings per share - basic attributable to fis common stockholders *                                             $2.22                 $2.38                 $1.70
weighted average shares outstanding - basic                                                                          285.0                 284.8                 289.7
net earnings per share - diluted from continuing operations attributable to fis common stockholders                  $2.21                 $2.39                 $1.67
net earnings (loss) per share - diluted from discontinued operations attributable to fis common stockholders         (0.03   )             (0.04   )              0.01
net earnings per share - diluted attributable to fis common stockholders *                                           $2.19                 $2.35                 $1.68
weighted average shares outstanding - diluted                                                                        288.7                 288.7                 294.2
amounts attributable to fis common stockholders:
earnings from continuing operations, net of tax                                                                     $638.8                $690.5                $490.0
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                              (7.3   )             (11.4   )               3.1
net earnings attributable to fis                                                                                    $631.5                $679.1                $493.1
* amounts may not sum due to rounding.
processing and services revenues processing and services revenues totaled $6,595.2 million, $6,413.8 million and $6,063.4 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in revenue during 2015 of $181.4 million, or 2.8%, as compared to 2014, is primarily attributable to incremental revenues from the acquisitions of sungard, clear2pay and reliance, as well as card production activities associated with the roll-out of emv cards across the industry and growth in digital solutions and in core banking. these increases were partially offset by the loss of a major customer in the prior year period, the divestiture of our gaming industry check warranty business and $243.1 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact primarily resulting from a stronger u.s. dollar versus the brazilian real and the euro. the increase in revenue during 2014 of $350.4 million, or 5.8%, as compared to 2013, was primarily attributable to increased demand for implementation and consulting services, incremental revenues from 2013 and 2014 acquisitions of $83.2 million and growth from our international operations resulting from our expanded
37
presence across europe and asia. the 2014 period included $37.4 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact resulting from a stronger u.s. dollar as compared to 2013.
cost of revenues and gross profit cost of revenues totaled $4,393.2 million, $4,328.3 million and $4,092.7 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, resulting in gross profit of $2,202.0 million, $2,085.5 million and $1,970.7 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. gross profit as a percentage of revenues ("gross margin") was 33.4%, 32.5% and 32.5% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in gross profit during 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily resulted from the revenue variances discussed above. the increase in gross profit percentage for 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily resulted from proportionately higher license fees and lower professional services and consulting revenue, the restructuring activities taken earlier in the year in europe as a result of our reorganization, and reductions in variable costs where performance did not meet expectations. these items were partially offset by the impact of lower termination fees in 2015. the increase in gross profit during 2014 as compared to 2013 primarily resulted from the revenue variances discussed above.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses totaled $1,102.8 million, $814.9 million and $907.8 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the 2015 increase of $287.9 million as compared to 2014 primarily resulted from transaction costs, severance and costs of integration activities relating to acquisitions totaling $171.3 million, severance costs of $44.6 million in conjunction with the reorganization and streamlining of operations in our gfs segment and other incremental expenses of acquired companies. the 2014 decrease of $92.9 million as compared to 2013 was primarily due to 2013 charges of $131.1 million for the capco acquisition related adjustments described in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. this decrease was partially offset by 2014 one-time transaction costs, including integration activities related to acquisitions and other severance costs. the 2014 period also included lower sales and marketing expense, a decrease in health-care benefit expense and decreased investment in security and risk management.
operating income operating income totaled $1,099.2 million, $1,270.6 million and $1,062.9 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. operating income as a percentage of revenue ("operating margin") was 16.7%, 19.8% and 17.5% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the annual changes in operating income and operating margin resulted from the revenue and cost variances addressed above.
total other income (expense)
total other income (expense) was $(62.3) million, $(217.2) million and $(239.4) million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. other income (expense) net for the 2015 period includes financing costs of $17.0 million relating to the sungard acquisition. during the second quarter of 2015, we sold certain assets associated with our gaming industry check warranty business, resulting in proceeds of $237.5 million and a pre-tax gain of $139.4 million, which is included in other income (expense), net. other income (expense) net for 2014 includes a loss of $16.2 on a foreign currency forward contract associated with the euro-based purchase price for our clear2pay acquisition, the write-off of certain previously capitalized debt issuance costs of $7.0 million and the payment of a $29.5 million bond premium associated with the early redemption of certain debt.
interest expense totaled $199.1 million, $172.8 million and $198.6 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase of $26.3 million in interest expense in 2015 as compared to 2014 is primarily due to higher outstanding debt associated with financing the sungard acquisition, partially offset by lower borrowing rates as the result of the debt refinancing activity undertaken during 2014. the decrease of $25.8 million in interest expense in 2014 as compared to 2013 resulted from lower borrowing rates as the result of debt refinancing.
provision for income taxes income tax expense from continuing operations totaled $378.8 million, $335.1 million and $308.9 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. this resulted in an effective tax rate on continuing operations of 36.5%, 31.8% and 37.5% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the effective tax rate increase for the 2015 period is attributable to a $90.1 million write-off of goodwill with no tax basis in connection with the sale of our gaming industry check warranty business, resulting in a book gain on sale lower than the tax gain. during 2014, we realized tax benefits related to certain acquired net operating loss carryovers. this and certain favorable audit resolutions in 2014 contributed to the rate differential for the 2014 period.
earnings (loss) from discontinued operations
38
during 2015, 2014 and 2013, certain operations are classified as discontinued, as discussed in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. reporting for discontinued operations classifies revenues and expenses as one line item, net of tax, in the consolidated statements of earnings. the table below outlines the components of discontinued operations for 2015, 2014 and 2013, net of tax (in millions):
earnings (loss), net of tax             2015          2014                           2013
ecas business line                      $(3.9     )       $(5.1       )          $1.2
clearpar                                -                 -                      16.7
healthcare benefit solutions business   -                 -                       0.1
participacoes operations                (3.4      )       (6.3        )         (14.9   )
total discontinued operations           $(7.3     )       $(11.4      )          $3.1
during the second quarter of 2014, the company committed to a plan to sell our business operation that provides ecas core banking software solutions to small financial institutions in china because it did not align with our strategic plans. we entered into a purchase agreement in january 2015 to sell this business and the transaction closed during the second quarter of 2015.
on january 1, 2010, fis sold certain assets and liabilities constituting our clearpar automated syndicated loan trade settlement business. terms of the sale included an initial cash payment of $71.5 million at closing, with the potential for an additional contingent earn-out payment calculated as a function of the business' 2012 operating results. in may 2013, we recorded in discontinued operations a gain of $26.8 million ($16.7 million, net of tax) upon final determination and receipt of the earn-out payment.
participacoes, our former item processing and remittance services business in brazil, had no revenue in 2015, 2014 and 2013. participacoes' processing volume was transitioned to other vendors or back to its clients during the second quarter of 2011. participacoes had charges associated with shut-down activities of $5.2 million, $10.1 million and $23.1 million during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the shut-down activities involved the transfer and termination of approximately 2,600 employees, which was completed in 2011. former employees generally had up to two years from the date of terminations, extended through april 2013, to file labor claims and a number of them did file labor claims. as of december 31, 2015, there were approximately 550 active claims remaining. consequently, we have continued exposure on these active claims, which were not transferred with other assets and liabilities in the disposal.
in 2004, proservvi empreendimentos e servicios, ltda., the predecessor to fidelity national servicos de tratamento de documentos e informatica ltda. ("servicos"), a subsidiary of participacoes, acquired certain assets and employees and leased certain facilities from the transpev group ("transpev") in brazil. transpev's remaining assets were later acquired by prosegur, an unrelated third party. when transpev discontinued its operations after the asset sale to prosegur, it had unpaid federal taxes and social contributions owing to the brazilian tax authorities. the brazilian tax authorities brought a claim against transpev and beginning in 2012 brought claims against prosegur and servicos on the grounds that that prosegur and servicos were successors in interest to transpev. to date, the brazilian tax authorities have filed five claims against servicos asserting potential tax liabilities of approximately $5.8 million. there are potentially 31 additional claims against transpev/prosegur for which servicos is named as a co-defendant or may be named, but for which servicos has not yet been served. these additional claims amount to approximately $58.1 million making the total potential exposure for all 36 claims approximately $63.9 million. we do not believe a liability for these 36 total claims is probable or reasonably estimable and, therefore, have not recorded a liability for any of these claims.
net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest net (earnings) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest predominantly relates to the joint venture in brazil (see note 5 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and totaled $(19.3) million, $(27.8) million and $(24.6) million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
earnings from continuing operations, net of tax, attributable to fis common stockholders earnings from continuing operations, net of tax, attributable to fis common stockholders totaled $638.8 million, $690.5 million and $490.0 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, or $2.21, $2.39 and $1.67 per diluted share, respectively, due to the factors described above coupled with the impact of our share repurchase initiatives.
39
segment results of operations integrated financial solutions
2015                                                                2014                  2013
(in millions)
processing and services revenues      $3,928.9              $3,858.8              $3,712.0
operating income                      $1,342.8              $1,314.8              $1,287.6
operating margin                          34.2   %              34.1   %              34.7   %
revenues for ifs totaled $3,928.9 million, $3,858.8 million and $3,712.0 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the overall segment increase of $70.1 million, or 1.8%, for 2015 as compared to 2014 was primarily attributable to incremental revenues from our 2014 acquisition of reliance, card production activities and growth in digital and risk solutions. these increases were partially offset by the net reporting of revenue associated with a change in vendor in our loyalty business, the impact of recent divestitures and lower termination fees. revenue had been recognized on a gross basis under the previous loyalty arrangement based on the contractual responsibilities for which fis had been responsible. the overall segment increase of $146.8 million, or 4.0%, for 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily attributable to growth in (1) consulting and professional services, particularly in risk and compliance and community core banking, (2) mobile and e-banking solutions, and (3) incremental revenues from our 2014 acquisition of reliance, which is addressed in note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. these increases were partially offset by lower termination fees.
operating income for ifs totaled $1,342.8 million, $1,314.8 million and $1,287.6 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. operating margin was 34.2%, 34.1% and 34.7% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in operating income during 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily resulted from the revenue variances discussed above. the operating margin for 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily reflects the impact of cost containment initiatives and reductions in variable costs where performance did not meet expectations, partially offset by lower termination fees in 2015. the increase in operating income during 2014 as compared to 2013 primarily resulted from the revenue variances discussed above. the decrease in operating margin during 2014 as compared to 2013 resulted primarily because 2013 benefited from higher termination fees.
global financial solutions
2015                                                                2014                  2013
(in millions)
processing and services revenues      $2,717.1              $2,557.3              $2,353.9
operating income                        $448.0                $386.9                $350.0
operating margin                          16.5   %              15.1   %              14.9   %
revenues for gfs totaled $2,717.1 million, $2,557.3 million and $2,353.9 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the 2015 period included $241.5 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact primarily resulting from a stronger u.s. dollar versus the brazilian real and the euro. the revenue increase for 2015 as compared to 2014 was principally due to: (1) incremental revenue from the acquisitions of sungard and clear2pay; (2) our expanding presence in india, including core banking and payments; (3) growth in europe, primarily in core banking and payment solution; and (4) growth in latin america from transaction volumes, card issuances and expanded back office services. the 2014 period included $35.7 million of unfavorable foreign currency impact primarily resulting from a stronger u.s. dollar versus the brazilian real and the euro. the revenue increase for 2014 as compared to 2013 was principally due to growth in implementation and consulting services, continued growth in emea and asia and incremental revenues from our 2014 and 2013 acquisitions.
operating income for gfs totaled $448.0 million, $386.9 million and $350.0 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. operating margin was 16.5%, 15.1% and 14.9% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in operating income during 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily resulted from the revenue variances discussed above. the increase in operating margin during 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily resulted from growth in high margin license deals, the restructuring activities undertaken earlier in the year in europe as a result of our reorganization, and reductions in variable costs where performance did not meet expectations. the impact of these items was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. the increase in operating income during 2014 as compared to 2013 primarily resulted from the revenue variances discussed above. the increase in operating margin for 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily due to 2013 charges of $22.0 million to increase the capco acquisition related liabilities discussed in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial
40
statements and $9.1 million for severance and other charges related to cost management initiatives in certain international markets.
corporate and other the corporate and other segment results consist of selling, general and administrative expenses and depreciation and intangible asset amortization not otherwise allocated to the reportable segments. corporate and other operating losses were $691.6 million, $431.1 million and $574.7 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the overall corporate and other increase of $260.5 million for 2015 as compared to 2014 primarily resulted from transaction costs, severance and cost of integration activities relating to acquisitions totaling $171.3 million, severance costs of $44.6 million in conjunction with the reorganization and streamlining of operations in our gfs segment and other incremental expenses of acquired companies. the overall corporate and other decrease of $143.6 million for 2014 as compared to 2013 was primarily due to 2013 charges of $129.1 million for the capco contingent consideration adjustments described in note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements, partially offset by 2014 transaction costs, including integration activities related to acquisitions and other severance costs. the 2014 period also included lower sales and marketing expense, a decrease in health-care benefit expense and decreased investment in security and risk management.
liquidity and capital resources cash requirements our ongoing cash requirements include operating expenses, income taxes, mandatory debt service payments, capital expenditures, stockholder dividends, working capital and timing differences in settlement-related assets and liabilities, and may include discretionary debt repayments, share repurchases and business acquisitions. our cash requirements also include payments for capco's contingent consideration earn-out and for labor claims related to fis' former item processing and remittance operations in brazil (see notes 6 and 3, respectively, of the notes to consolidated financial statements). our principal sources of funds are cash generated by operations and borrowings, including the capacity under our revolving loan described in note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents of $687.6 million and debt of $11,513.1 million, including the current portion. of the $687.6 million cash and cash equivalents, approximately $438.6 million is held by our foreign entities and would generally be subject to u.s. income taxation upon repatriation to the u.s. the majority of our domestic cash and cash equivalents represents net deposits-in-transit at the balance sheet dates and relates to daily settlement activity. we expect that cash and cash equivalents plus cash flows from operations over the next twelve months will be sufficient to fund our operating cash requirements, capital expenditures and mandatory debt service.
we currently expect to continue to pay quarterly dividends. however, the amount, declaration and payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the board of directors and depends on, among other things, our investment opportunities, results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, future prospects, and other factors that may be considered relevant by our board of directors, including legal and contractual restrictions. additionally, the payment of cash dividends may be limited by covenants in certain debt agreements. a regular quarterly dividend of $0.26 per common share is payable on march 31, 2016 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on march 17, 2016.
cash flows from operations cash flows from operations were $1,136.9 million, $1,164.9 million and $1,060.3 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013 respectively. cash flows from operations decreased $28.0 million in 2015 and increased $104.6 million in 2014. the 2015 decrease in cash flows from operations is primarily due to a tax payment of $87.6 million of income taxes relating to the sale of check warranty contracts and other assets in the gaming industry and lower net earnings, partially offset by changes in working capital. the 2014 increase in cash flows from operations is primarily due to higher net earnings, partially offset by changes in working capital.
capital expenditures and other investing activities our principal capital expenditures are for computer software (purchased and internally developed) and additions to property and equipment. we invested approximately $415.3 million, $371.2 million and $336.2 million in capital expenditures during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we expect to invest approximately 6% of 2016 revenue in capital expenditures.
41
we used $1,720.4 million, $595.2 million and $150.5 million of cash during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, for acquisitions and other equity investments. see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the more significant items. cash provided by net proceeds from sale of assets in 2015 relates principally to the sale of check warranty contracts and other assets in the gaming industry discussed in note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
financing for information regarding the company's long-term debt and financing activity, see note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements.
contractual obligations fis' long-term contractual obligations generally include its long-term debt, interest on long-term debt, lease payments on certain of its property and equipment and payments for data processing and maintenance. for information regarding the company's long-term debt, see note 13 of the notes to consolidated financial statements. the following table summarizes fis' significant contractual obligations and commitments as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
payments due in less than                   1-3                   3-5               more than type of obligations                               total                1 year                 years                 years                 5 years long-term debt                            $11,513.1               $15.3                $4,113.2              $2,997.8              $4,386.8
interest (1)                                2,167.8               364.0                   664.9                 524.0                 614.9
operating leases                              437.7               107.6                   181.1                  93.6                  55.4
data processing and maintenance               478.5               174.8                   222.8                  44.3                  36.6
other contractual obligations (2)             120.2                27.9                    48.5                  33.6                  10.2
total                                     $14,717.3              $689.6                $5,230.5              $3,693.3              $5,103.9
(1)   the calculations above assume that: (a) applicable margins and commitment fees remain constant; (b) all variable rate debt is priced at the one-month libor rate in effect as of december 31, 2015; and (c) no refinancing occurs at debt maturity.
(2)   amount includes the estimated payment for labor claims related to fis' former item processing and remittance operations in brazil (see note 3 of the notes to consolidated financial statements), amounts due to the brazilian venture partner, capco contingent consideration payments (see note 6 of the notes to consolidated financial statements) and other contractual obligations.
fis believes that its existing cash balances, cash flows from operations and borrowing programs will provide adequate sources of liquidity and capital resources to meet fis' expected liquidity needs for the operations of its business and expected capital spending for the next 12 months.
off-balance sheet arrangements fis does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements.
recent accounting pronouncements recently adopted accounting guidance in april 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-08, "presentation of financial statements (topic 205) and property, plant, and equipment (topic 360): reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity" ("asu 2014-08"). the standard raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as a discontinued operation to one representing a strategic shift that has a major effect on the organization's operations and financial results. the standard requires new disclosures of both discontinued operations and certain other disposals that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. asu 2014-08 was effective for fis as of january 1, 2015. this pronouncement could impact the presentation of future divestitures that may have qualified as discontinued operations in the past but do not meet the higher threshold of asu 2014-08.
recent accounting guidance not yet adopted
42
in may 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" ("asu
2014-09"). asu 2014-09 amends substantially all authoritative literature for revenue recognition, including industry-specific requirements, and converges the guidance under this topic with that of the international financial reporting standards. the asu implements a five-step process for customer contract revenue recognition that focuses on transfer of control, as opposed to transfer of risk and rewards. the amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenues and cash flows from contracts with customers. other provisions include ensuring the time value of money is considered in the transaction price and allowing estimates of variable consideration to be recognized before contingencies are resolved in certain circumstances. the effective date to the amendments was postponed to reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, with early adoption allowed for reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016. entities can transition to the standard either with retrospective application to the earlier years presented in their financial statements or with a cumulative-effect adjustment as of the date of adoption. we are currently assessing the impact the adoption of asu 2014-09 will have on our financial position and results of operations as well as the transition method we expect to employ.
in september 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-16, "business combinations (topic 805): simplifying the accounting for measurement-period adjustments" ("asu 2015-16"). asu 2015-16 requires adjustments to provisional amounts initially recorded in a business combination that are identified during the measurement period to be recognized in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. this includes any effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization, or other income effects as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. asu 2015-16 also requires an entity to present separately on the face of the income statement or disclose in the notes the portion of the amount recorded in current-period earnings by line item that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. prior to the issuance of the standard, entities were required to retrospectively apply adjustments made to provisional amounts recognized in a business combination. the guidance is effective for the fiscal years and interim periods within those years beginning after december 15, 2015. this guidance will require fis to record and disclose any measurement-period adjustments for the sungard acquisition or other future business combinations as current period adjustments as opposed to retroactive adjustments to the opening balance sheet of the acquired entity.
on february 25, 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, "leases (topic 842)" ("asu 2016-02"). under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of leases with a term of twelve months or less) at the commencement date: (a) a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (b) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. the pronouncement requires a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. the modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expire before the earliest comparative period presented. a full retrospective transition approach is not permitted. public business entities should apply the amendments in asu 2016-02 for fiscal years beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within those fiscal years. early application is permitted. we are currently assessing the impact the adoption of asu 2016-02 will have on our financial position and results of operations.
