item 1a:  risk factors an investment in our stock involves a high degree of risk. you should carefully consider the following information, together with the other information in this annual report on form 10-k, before buying shares of our stock. if any of the following risks or uncertainties occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected and the trading price of our stock could decline.
risks related to our markets and customers competition at the systems level can be intense, thereby potentially exerting downward pressure on systems level profit margins industry-wide, which could reduce our profitability and adversely affect our results of operations.
the significant decline in pv module prices over the last several years continues to create a challenging environment for module manufacturers, but it has also increased interest in solar electricity worldwide by eroding one of the primary historical constraints to widespread solar market penetration, namely its affordability. aided by such lower module prices, competitors have in many cases been willing and able to bid aggressively for new projects and ppas, using low cost assumptions for modules, bos components, installation, maintenance, and other costs as the basis for such bids. relatively low barriers to entry for competitors have led to, depending on the market and other factors, intense competition at the systems level. intense competition at the systems level can result in an environment in which systems level pricing falls rapidly, thereby further increasing demand for solar solutions but constraining the ability for project developers, epc companies, and/or vertically-integrated solar companies such as first solar to sustain meaningful and consistent profitability. accordingly, while we believe our systems offerings and experience are positively differentiated in many cases from that of our competitors, we may fail to correctly identify our competitive position, we may be unable to develop or maintain a sufficient magnitude of new systems projects worldwide at economically attractive rates of return, and we may not otherwise be able to achieve meaningful profitability under our long term strategic plan.
depending on the market opportunity, we may be at a disadvantage compared to potential systems-level competitors. for example, certain of our competitors may have a stronger and/or more established localized business presence in a particular geographic region. certain of our competitors may be larger entities that have greater financial resources and greater overall brand name recognition than we do and, as a result, may be better positioned to impact customer behavior or adapt to changes in the industry or the economy as a whole. certain competitors may also have direct or indirect access to sovereign capital and/or other incentives, which could enable such competitors to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time.
additionally, large-scale solar systems are still in their relatively early stages of existence, and, depending on the geographic area, certain potential customers may still be in the process of educating themselves about the points of differentiation among various available providers of pv solar solutions, including a company's proven overall experience and bankability, system design and optimization expertise, grid interconnection and stabilization expertise, and proven o&m capabilities. if we are unable over time to meaningfully differentiate our offerings at scale, from the viewpoint of our potential customer base, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
an increased global supply of pv modules has caused and may continue to cause structural imbalances in which global pv module supply exceeds demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations in the aggregate, solar manufacturers have, relative to global demand, significant installed production capacity and the ability for additional capacity expansion. we believe the solar industry may from time to time experience periods of structural imbalance between supply and demand (i.e., where production capacity exceeds global demand), and that such periods will put pressure on pricing. during the past several years, industry average sales prices per watt ("asps") have declined, at times significantly, both at the module and system levels, as competitors have reduced asps to sell-through inventories worldwide. if our competitors reduce module pricing to levels near or below their manufacturing costs, or are able to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time, or if demand for pv modules does not grow sufficiently to justify the current production supply, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected.
if pv technology is not suitable for widespread adoption at economically attractive rates of return or if sufficient additional demand for solar modules and systems does not develop or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, our net sales and profit may flatten or decline and we may be unable to sustain profitability.
in comparison to fossil fuel-based electricity generation, the solar energy market is at a relatively early stage of development. if pv technology proves unsuitable for widespread adoption at economically attractive rates of return or if additional demand for solar modules and systems fails to develop sufficiently or takes longer to develop than we anticipate, we may be unable to grow
21
our business or generate sufficient net sales to sustain profitability. in addition, demand for solar modules and systems in our targeted markets may develop to a lesser extent than we anticipate. many factors may affect the viability of widespread adoption of pv technology and demand for solar modules and systems, including the following:
•   cost-effectiveness of the electricity generated by pv solar power systems compared to conventional energy sources, such as natural gas and coal (which fuel sources may be subject to significant price fluctuations from time to time), and other non-solar renewable energy sources, such as wind;
•   performance, reliability, and availability of energy generated by pv solar power systems compared to conventional and other non-solar renewable energy sources and products, particularly conventional energy generation capable of providing 24-hour, non-intermittent baseload power;
•   success of other renewable energy generation technologies, such as hydroelectric, tidal, wind, geothermal, and biomass;
•   fluctuations in economic and market conditions that affect the price of, and demand for, conventional and non-solar renewable energy sources, such as increases or decreases in the prices of natural gas, coal, oil, and other fossil fuels;
•   fluctuations in capital expenditures by end-users of solar modules and systems which tend to decrease when the economy slows and when interest rates increase; and
•   availability, substance, and magnitude of support programs including government targets, subsidies, incentives, and renewable portfolio standards to accelerate the development of the solar industry.
the reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or an increase in protectionist or other adverse public policies, could reduce demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales, thereby adversely impacting our operating results.
although our long term strategic plan provides for first solar to transition over time toward operating in key geographic markets that do not require solar-specific government subsidies or support programs, and we believe that solar will experience widespread adoption in those applications where it competes economically with traditional forms of energy without any support programs, in the near-term our net sales and profit remain subject to variability based on the availability and size of government subsidies and economic incentives. federal, state, and local governmental bodies in many countries have provided subsidies in the form of fits, rebates, tax incentives, and other incentives to end-users, distributors, systems integrators, and manufacturers of pv products. many of these support programs expire, phase out over time, require renewal by the applicable authority, or may be amended. a summary of recent developments in the major government support programs that can impact our business appears under item 1: "business - support programs." to the extent these support programs are reduced earlier than previously expected or are changed retroactively, or free-field or conversion land applications are disadvantaged, such changes could reduce demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and systems, lead to a reduction in our net sales, and adversely impact our operating results. another consideration in the u.s. market, and to a lesser extent in other global markets, is the effect of governmental land-use planning policies and environmental policies on utility-scale pv solar development. the adoption of restrictive land-use designations or environmental regulations which proscribe or restrict the siting of utility-scale solar facilities could adversely affect the marginal cost of such development. these examples show that established markets for pv solar development, such as the u.s. market, face uncertainties arising from policy, regulatory, and governmental constraints. while the expected potential of the emerging markets we are targeting is significant, policy promulgation and market development are especially vulnerable to governmental inertia, political instability, geopolitical risk, fossil fuel subsidization, potentially stringent localization requirements, and limited available infrastructure.
we could be adversely affected by any violations of the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa"), the u.k. bribery act, and other foreign anti-bribery laws.
the fcpa generally prohibits companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-u.s. government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. other countries in which we operate also have anti-bribery laws, some of which prohibit improper payments to government and non-government persons and entities, and others (e.g., the fcpa and the u.k. bribery act) extend their application to activities outside of their country of origin. our policies mandate compliance with all applicable anti-bribery laws. we currently operate in, and pursuant to our long term strategic plan may further expand into, key parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. in addition, due to the level of regulation in our industry, our operation in certain jurisdictions, including india, china, south america, and the middle east, requires substantial government
22
contact where norms can differ from u.s. standards. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to facilitate compliance with these anti-bribery laws, our officers, directors, associates, subcontractors, agents, and partners (such as joint venture partners) may take actions in violation of our policies and anti-bribery laws. any such violation, even if prohibited by our policies, could subject us and such persons to criminal and/or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and reputation.
we may be unable to fully execute on our long term strategic plan, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we face numerous difficulties in executing on our long term strategic plan, particularly in new foreign jurisdictions, including the following:
•   difficulty in accurately prioritizing geographic markets which we can most effectively and profitably serve with our pv offerings, including miscalculations in overestimating or underestimating the addressable market demand;
•   difficulty in overcoming the inertia involved in changing local electricity ecosystems as necessary to accommodate large-scale pv solar deployment and integration;
•   protectionist or other adverse public policies in countries we operate in and/or are pursuing, including local content requirements or capital investment requirements;
•   business climates, such as that in china, that may have the effect of putting foreign companies at a disadvantage relative to domestic companies;
•   unstable economic, social, and/or operating environments in foreign jurisdictions, including social unrest, currency, inflation, and interest rate uncertainties;
•   the possibility of applying an ineffective commercial approach to targeted markets, including product offerings that may not meet market needs;
•   difficulty in generating sufficient sales volumes at economically sustainable profitability levels;
•   difficulty in timely identifying, attracting, training, and retaining qualified sales, technical, and other personnel in geographies targeted for expansion;
•   the possibility of having insufficient capital resources necessary to achieve an effective localized business presence in targeted jurisdictions;
•   difficulty in maintaining proper controls and procedures as we expand our business operations both in terms of complexity and geographical reach, including transitioning certain business functions to low-cost geographies, with any material control failure potentially leading to reputational damage and loss of confidence in our financial reporting accuracy;
•   difficulty in competing against companies who may have greater financial resources and/or a more effective or established localized business presence and/or an ability to operate with minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time;
•   difficulty in competing against companies who may gain in profitability and financial strength over time by successfully participating in the global rooftop pv solar market, which is a segment in which we do not have significant historical experience;
•   difficulty in establishing and implementing a commercial and operational approach adequate to address the specific needs of the markets we are pursuing;
•   difficulty in identifying the right local partners and developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially acceptable terms; and
•   difficulty in balancing market demand and manufacturing production in an efficient and timely manner, potentially causing us to be manufacturing capacity constrained in some future periods or over-supplied in others.
23
in addition, please see the risk factors entitled "our substantial international operations subject us to a number of risks, including unfavorable political, regulatory, labor, and tax conditions in foreign countries," and "the reduction, elimination, or expiration of government subsidies, economic incentives, renewable energy targets, and other support for on-grid solar electricity applications, or an increase in protectionist or other adverse public policies, could reduce demand and/or price levels for our solar modules and limit our growth or lead to a reduction in our net sales, thereby adversely impacting our operating results."
we may be unable to profitably provide new solar offerings or achieve sufficient market penetration with such offerings.
we may expand our portfolio of offerings to include solutions that build upon our core competencies but for which we have not had significant historical experience, including variations in our traditional product offerings or other offerings related to commercial and industrial customers and community solar. we cannot be certain that we will be able to ascertain and allocate the appropriate financial and human resources necessary to grow these business areas. we could invest capital into growing these businesses but fail to address market or customer needs or otherwise not experience a satisfactory level of financial return. also, in expanding into these areas, we may be competing against companies that previously have not been significant competitors, such as companies that currently have substantially more experience than we do in the rooftop or other targeted offerings. if we are unable to achieve growth in these areas, our overall growth and financial performance may be limited relative to our competitors and our operating results could be adversely impacted.
an increase in interest rates or tightening of the supply of capital in the global financial markets (including a reduction in total tax equity availability) could make it difficult for customers to finance the cost of a pv solar power system and could reduce the demand for our modules or systems and/or lead to a reduction in the average selling price for pv modules.
many of our customers and our systems business depend on debt and/or equity financing to fund the initial capital expenditure required to develop, build, and/or purchase a pv solar power system. as a result, an increase in interest rates, or a reduction in the supply of project debt financing or tax equity investments, could reduce the number of solar projects that receive financing or otherwise make it difficult for our customers or our systems business to secure the financing necessary to develop, build, purchase, or install a pv solar power system on favorable terms, or at all, and thus lower demand for our solar modules which could limit our growth or reduce our net sales. in addition, we believe that a significant percentage of our end-users install systems as an investment, funding the initial capital expenditure through a combination of equity and debt. an increase in interest rates could lower an investor's return on investment in a system, increase equity return requirements, or make alternative investments more attractive relative to pv solar power systems, and, in each case, could cause these end-users to seek alternative investments.
risks related to regulations existing regulations and policies, changes thereto, and new regulations and policies may present technical, regulatory, and economic barriers to the purchase and use of pv products or systems, which may significantly reduce demand for our solar modules, systems, or services.
the market for electricity generation products is heavily influenced by foreign, federal, state, and local government regulations and policies concerning the electric utility industry, as well as policies promulgated by electric utilities. these regulations and policies often relate to electricity pricing and technical interconnection of customer-owned electricity generation. in the united states and in a number of other countries, these regulations and policies have been modified in the past and may be modified again in the future. these regulations and policies could deter end-user purchases of pv products and investment in the research and development of pv technology. for example, without a mandated regulatory exception for pv solar power systems, utility customers are often charged interconnection or standby fees for putting distributed power generation on the electric utility grid. if these interconnection standby fees were applicable to pv solar power systems, it is likely that they would increase the cost of using such systems for end-users, which could make the systems less desirable, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition, and results of operations. in addition, with respect to utilities that utilize a peak hour pricing policy or time-of-use pricing methods whereby the price of electricity is adjusted based on electricity supply and demand, electricity generated by pv solar power systems currently benefits from competing primarily with expensive peak hour electricity, rather than the less expensive average price of electricity. modifications to the peak hour pricing policies of utilities, such as to a flat rate for all times of the day, would require pv solar power systems to achieve lower prices in order to compete with the price of electricity from other sources and would adversely impact our operating results.
24
our modules, systems, and services (such as o&m) are subject to oversight and regulation in accordance with national and local ordinances relating to building codes, safety, environmental protection, utility interconnection and metering, and other matters, and tracking the requirements of individual jurisdictions is complex. any new government regulations or utility policies pertaining to our solar modules, systems, or services may result in significant additional expenses to us or our customers and, as a result, could cause a significant reduction in demand for our solar modules, systems, or services. in addition, any regulatory compliance failure could result in significant management distraction, unplanned costs, and/or reputational damage.
environmental obligations and liabilities could have a substantial negative impact on our financial condition, cash flows, and profitability.
our operations involve the use, handling, generation, processing, storage, transportation, and disposal of hazardous materials and are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations at the national, state, local, and international levels. these environmental laws and regulations include those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the use, management, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites, and occupational health and safety. as we execute our long term strategic plan and expand our business into foreign jurisdictions worldwide, our environmental compliance burden may continue to increase both in terms of magnitude and complexity. we have incurred and may continue to incur significant costs in complying with these laws and regulations. in addition, violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws or permits may result in restrictions being imposed on our operating activities or in our being subjected to substantial fines, penalties, criminal proceedings, third-party property damage or personal injury claims, cleanup costs, or other costs. such solutions could also result in substantial delay or termination of projects under construction within our systems business, which could adversely impact our results of operations. while we believe we are currently in substantial compliance with applicable environmental requirements, future developments such as more aggressive enforcement policies, the implementation of new, more stringent laws and regulations, or the discovery of presently unknown environmental conditions may require expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our cdte solar modules contain cadmium telluride and other semiconductor materials. elemental cadmium and certain of its compounds are regulated as hazardous materials due to the adverse health effects that may arise from human exposure. based on existing research, the risks of exposure to cadmium telluride are not believed to be as serious as those relating to exposure to elemental cadmium. in our manufacturing operations, we maintain engineering controls to minimize our associates' exposure to cadmium or cadmium compounds and require our associates who handle cadmium compounds to follow certain safety procedures, including the use of personal protective equipment such as respirators, chemical goggles, and protective clothing. relevant studies and third-party peer review of our technology have concluded that the risk of exposure to cadmium or cadmium compounds from our end-products is negligible. in addition, the risk of exposure is further minimized by the encapsulated nature of these materials in our products, the physical properties of cadmium compounds used in our products, and the recycling or responsible disposal of our modules. while we believe that these factors and procedures are sufficient to protect our associates, end-users, and the general public from adverse health effects that may arise from cadmium exposure, we cannot ensure that human or environmental exposure to cadmium or cadmium compounds used in our products will not occur. any such exposure could result in future third-party claims against us, damage to our reputation, and heightened regulatory scrutiny, which could limit or impair our ability to sell and distribute our products. the occurrence of future events such as these could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
the use of cadmium or cadmium compounds in various products is also coming under increasingly stringent governmental regulation. future regulation in this area could impact the manufacturing, sale, collection, and recycling of solar modules and could require us to make unforeseen environmental expenditures or limit our ability to sell and distribute our products. for example, european union directive 2011/65/eu on the restriction of the use of hazardous substances in electrical and electronic equipment (recast rohs directive) restricts the use of certain hazardous substances, including cadmium and its compounds, in specified products. other jurisdictions, such as china, have adopted similar legislation or are considering doing so. currently, pv modules are explicitly excluded from the scope of recast rohs (article 2), as adopted by the european parliament and the council in june 2011. the next general review of the rohs directive is scheduled for 2021, involving a broader discussion of the existing scope. a scope review focusing on additional exclusions is expected to be proposed by the european commission in 2016 under the european union's co-decision process which allows the european parliament and the european council to amend the european commission's proposal on exclusions. the co-decision procedure is expected to be completed in 2017 or 2018. if pv modules were to be included in the scope of future rohs revisions without an exemption or exclusion, we would be required to redesign our solar modules to reduce cadmium and other affected hazardous substances to the maximum allowable concentration thresholds in the rohs directive in order to continue to offer them for sale within the european union. as this would be impractical, such an event would effectively close the european union market to us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
25
as an owner and operator of pv solar power systems that deliver electricity to the grid, certain of our affiliated entities may be regulated as public utilities under u.s. federal and state law, which could adversely affect the cost of doing business and limit our growth.
as an owner and operator of pv solar power systems that deliver electricity to the grid, certain of our affiliated entities may be considered public utilities for purposes of the federal power act, as amended (the "fpa") and public utility companies for purposes of the public utility holding company act of 2005 ("puhca 2005"), and are subject to regulation by the ferc, as well as various local and state regulatory bodies.
some of our affiliated entities may be exempt wholesale generators or qualifying facilities under the public utility regulatory policies act of 1978, as amended ("purpa") and as such are exempt from regulation under puhca 2005. in addition, our affiliated entities may be exempt from most provisions of the fpa, as well as state laws regarding the financial or organizational regulation of public utilities. we are not directly subject to ferc regulation under the fpa. however, we are considered to be a "holding company" for purposes of section 203 of the fpa, which regulates certain transactions involving public utilities, and such regulation could adversely affect our ability to grow the business through acquisitions. likewise, investors seeking to acquire our public utility subsidiaries or acquire ownership interests in our securities sufficient to give them control over us and our public utility subsidiaries may require prior ferc approval to do so. such approval could result in transaction delays or uncertainties.
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity and to comply with various regulations. the ferc may grant our affiliated entities the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates and may also grant them certain regulatory waivers, such as waivers from compliance with ferc's accounting regulations. these ferc orders reserve the right to revoke or revise market-based sales authority if the ferc subsequently determines that our affiliated entities can exercise market power in the sale of generation products, the provision of transmission services, or if it finds that any of the entities can create barriers to entry by competitors. in addition, if the entities fail to comply with certain reporting obligations, the ferc may revoke their power sales tariffs. finally, if the entities were deemed to have engaged in manipulative or deceptive practices concerning their power sales transactions, they would be subject to potential fines, disgorgement of profits, and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if our affiliated entities were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain the ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules, which would impose cost and compliance burdens on us and have an adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition to the risks described above, we may be subject to additional regulatory regimes at state or foreign levels to the extent we own and operate pv solar power systems in such jurisdictions.
risks related to our operations, manufacturing, and technology our operating history to date may not serve as an adequate basis to judge our future prospects and results of operations.
our historical operating results may not provide a meaningful basis for evaluating our business, financial performance, and prospects. we may be unable to achieve similar growth, or grow at all, in future periods. our ability to achieve similar growth in future periods is also affected by current economic conditions. our past results occurred in an environment where, among other things, capital was at times more accessible to our customers to finance the cost of developing solar projects and economic incentives for solar power in certain markets were more favorable. accordingly, you should not rely on our results of operations for any prior period as an indication of our future performance.
we face intense competition from manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules, as well as other thin-film solar modules; if global supply exceeds global demand, it could lead to a reduction in the average selling price for pv modules, which could reduce our net sales and adversely affect our results of operations.
the solar and renewable energy industries are highly competitive and are continually evolving as participants strive to distinguish themselves within their markets and compete with the larger electric power industry. within the global pv solar industry, we face competition from crystalline silicon solar module manufacturers and other thin-film solar module manufacturers. existing or future solar manufacturers might be acquired by larger companies with significant capital resources, thereby intensifying competition with us. in addition, the introduction of a low cost disruptive technology, such as commercially viable energy storage, could adversely affect our ability to compete, which could reduce our net sales and adversely affect our results of operations.
even if demand for solar modules continues to grow, the rapid manufacturing capacity expansion undertaken by many solar module manufacturers, particularly manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules, has created and may continue to cause periods of structural imbalance in which supply exceeds demand. see the risk factor entitled "an increased global supply of pv modules has caused and may continue to cause structural imbalances in which global pv module supply exceeds demand, which
26
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations," for additional information. in addition, we believe any significant decrease in the cost of silicon feedstock would reduce the manufacturing cost of crystalline silicon solar modules and lead to further pricing pressure for solar modules and potentially the oversupply of solar modules.
during any such period, our competitors could decide to reduce their sales prices in response to competition, even below their manufacturing costs, in order to generate sales. other competitors may have direct or indirect access to sovereign capital, which could enable such competitors to operate at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time. as a result, we may be unable to sell our solar modules or systems at attractive prices, or for a profit, during any period of excess supply of solar modules, which would reduce our net sales and adversely affect our results of operations. also, we may decide to lower our average selling price to certain customers in certain markets in response to competition.
problems with product quality or performance may cause us to incur significant and/or unexpected warranty and related expenses, damage our market reputation, and prevent us from maintaining or increasing our market share.
we perform a variety of module quality and life tests under different conditions upon which we base our assessments and warranty of module performance over the duration of the warranty. however, if our thin-film or high-efficiency crystalline solar modules perform below expectations, we could experience significant warranty and related expenses, damage to our market reputation, and erosion of market share. with respect to our modules, we provide a limited warranty covering defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions for 10 years following the transfer of title to our modules. we also typically warrant that modules installed in accordance with agreed-upon specifications will produce at least 97% of their labeled power output rating during the first year, with the warranty coverage reducing by 0.7% every year thereafter throughout the 25-year performance warranty period. as an alternative form of our module power output warranty, we also offer an aggregated or system level module performance warranty. this system level module performance warranty is designed for utility-scale systems and also provides 25-year system level energy degradation protection. the system level module performance warranty typically is calculated as a percentage of a system's expected energy production, adjusted for certain actual site conditions, with the warranted level of performance declining each year in a linear fashion, but never falling below 80% during the term of the warranty. as a result of these programs, we bear a defined level of risk of product warranty claims long after we have sold our solar modules and recognized net sales.
if any of the assumptions used in estimating our module warranties prove incorrect, we could be required to accrue additional expenses, which could adversely impact our financial position, operating results, and cash flows. although we have taken significant precautions to avoid a manufacturing excursion from occurring, any manufacturing excursions, including any commitments made by us to take remediation actions in respect of affected modules beyond our warranties, could adversely impact our business reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows.
although our module performance warranties extend for 25 years, our oldest solar modules manufactured during the qualification of our pilot production line have only been in use since 2001. accordingly, our warranties are based on a variety of quality and life tests that enable predictions of durability and future performance. these predictions, however, could prove to be materially different from the actual performance during the warranty period, causing us to incur substantial expense to repair or replace defective solar modules in the future. for example, our solar modules could suffer various failure modes, including breakage, delamination, corrosion, or performance degradation in excess of expectations, and our manufacturing operations or supply chain could be subject to materials or process variations that could cause affected modules to fail or underperform compared to our expectations. these risks could be amplified as we implement design and process changes in connection with our efforts to improve our products and accelerate module conversion efficiencies as part of our long term strategic plan. in addition, as we increase the number of installations in extreme climates, we may experience increased failure rates due to deployment into such field conditions. any widespread product failures may damage our market reputation, cause our net sales to decline, require us to repair or replace the defective modules, and result in us taking voluntary remedial measures beyond those required by our standard warranty terms to enhance customer satisfaction, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.
in resolving claims related to defective modules, we have the option to repair or replace the covered modules, provide additional modules, or make a cash payment equal to the current market price of the modules; however, historical versions of our module warranty did not provide a refund remedy. consequently, we may be obligated to repair or replace the covered modules under such historical programs. as our manufacturing process may change from time-to-time in accordance with our technology roadmap, we may elect to stop production of older versions of our modules that would constitute compatible replacement modules. in some jurisdictions, our inability to provide compatible replacement modules could potentially expose us to liabilities beyond the limitations of our module warranties, which could adversely impact our business reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows.
27
in addition to our solar module warranties, we also provide warranties for our bos equipment, including, but not limited to, mounting structures, solar trackers, electronics, and cabling. these warranties cover defects in materials and workmanship for one to five years for most equipment and up to 10 years for mounting structures. as with our modules, these warranties are based on a variety of quality and life tests that enable predictions of durability and future performance. for pv solar power systems we construct, we also typically provide a limited warranty against defects in engineering design, installation, and workmanship for a period of one to two years following the substantial completion of a system. any failures in bos equipment or system construction beyond our expectations may also adversely impact our business reputation, financial position, operating results, and cash flows.
as part of our systems business, we may provide an energy performance test during the first year of a system's operation. such a test is designed to demonstrate that the actual energy generation for the first year meets or exceeds the modeled energy expectation, after certain adjustments, such as irradiance, weather, module degradation, soiling, curtailment, and other conditions that may affect a system's energy output but are unrelated to the quality, design, or construction. if there is an underperformance event, determined at the end of the first year after substantial completion, we may incur liquidated damages as a percentage of the contract price.
if our estimates regarding the future costs of collecting and recycling cdte solar modules covered by our collection and recycling program are incorrect, we could be required to accrue additional expenses at and from the time we realize our estimates are incorrect and face a significant unplanned cash burden.
we have pre-funded, and may need to continue to pre-fund, our estimated future costs for collecting and recycling cdte solar modules covered by our collection and recycling program. we estimate these costs based on the present value of the expected probability weighted future costs of collecting and recycling the modules, which includes estimates for the cost of packaging materials, the cost of freight from the solar module installation sites to a recycling center, the material, labor, capital costs, and scale of recycling centers, and an estimated third-party profit margin and return on risk for collection and recycling services. we base these estimates on (i) our experience collecting and recycling our solar modules, (ii) the expected timing of when our solar modules will be returned for recycling, and (iii) expected economic conditions at the time the solar modules will be collected and recycled. if our estimates prove incorrect, we could be required to accrue additional expenses at and from the time we realize our estimates are incorrect and could also face a significant unplanned cash burden at the time we realize our estimates are incorrect or end-users return their modules, which could adversely affect our operating results. in addition, participating end-users can return their modules covered under the collection and recycling program at any time. as a result, we could be required to collect and recycle covered cdte solar modules earlier than we expect.
our failure to further refine our technology, reduce module manufacturing and bos costs, and develop and introduce improved pv products could render our solar modules or systems uncompetitive and reduce our net sales, profitability, and/or market share.
we need to continue to invest significant financial resources in research and development to continue to improve our module conversion efficiencies, lower the lcoe of our pv solar power systems, and otherwise keep pace with technological advances in the solar industry. however, research and development activities are inherently uncertain, and we could encounter practical difficulties in commercializing our research results. we seek to continuously improve our products and processes, and the resulting changes carry potential risks in the form of delays, additional costs, or other unintended contingencies. in addition, our significant expenditures on research and development may not produce corresponding benefits. other companies are developing a variety of competing pv technologies, including advanced multi-crystalline silicon cells, perc or advanced p-type crystalline silicon cells, high-efficiency n-type crystalline silicon cells, copper indium gallium diselenide, and amorphous silicon thin films, which could produce solar modules or systems that prove more cost-effective or have better performance than our solar modules or systems. in addition, other companies could potentially develop a highly reliable renewable energy system that mitigates the intermittent power generation drawback of many renewable energy systems, or offer other value-added improvements from the perspective of utilities and other system owners, in which case such companies could compete with us even if the lcoe associated with such new system is higher than that of our systems. as a result, our solar modules or systems may be negatively differentiated or rendered obsolete by the technological advances of our competitors, which would reduce our net sales, profitability, and/or market share.
in addition, we often forward price our products and services in anticipation of future cost reductions and technology improvements, and thus an inability to further refine our technology and execute our module conversion efficiency roadmap and long-term manufacturing cost, bos cost and lcoe reduction objectives could adversely affect our operating results.
28
our failure to protect our intellectual property rights may undermine our competitive position, and litigation to protect our intellectual property rights or defend against third-party allegations of infringement may be costly.
protection of our proprietary processes, methods, and other technology is critical to our business. failure to protect and monitor the use of our existing intellectual property rights could result in the loss of valuable technologies. we rely primarily on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, and contractual restrictions to protect our intellectual property. we regularly file patent applications to protect inventions arising from our research and development, and are currently pursuing such patent applications in various countries in accordance with our strategy for intellectual property in that jurisdiction. our existing patents and future patents could be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, or rendered unenforceable. our pending patent applications may not result in issued patents, or if patents are issued to us, such patents may not be sufficient to provide meaningful protection against competitors or against competitive technologies.
we also rely upon unpatented proprietary manufacturing expertise, continuing technological innovation, and other trade secrets to develop and maintain our competitive position. although we generally enter into confidentiality agreements with our associates and third parties to protect our intellectual property, such confidentiality agreements are limited in duration and could be breached and may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or proprietary manufacturing expertise. adequate remedies may not be available in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure of our trade secrets and manufacturing expertise. in addition, others may obtain knowledge of our trade secrets through independent development or legal means. the failure of our patents or confidentiality agreements to protect our processes, equipment, technology, trade secrets, and proprietary manufacturing expertise, methods, and compounds could have a material adverse effect on our business. in addition, effective patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some foreign countries, especially any developing countries into which we may expand our operations. in some countries we have not applied for patent, trademark, or copyright protection.
third parties may infringe or misappropriate our proprietary technologies or other intellectual property rights, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and operating results. policing unauthorized use of proprietary technology can be difficult and expensive. also, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, or determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. we cannot ensure that the outcome of such potential litigation will be in our favor. such litigation may be costly and may divert management attention and other resources away from our business. an adverse determination in any such litigation may impair our intellectual property rights and may harm our business, prospects, and reputation. in addition, we have no insurance coverage against such litigation costs and would have to bear all costs arising from such litigation to the extent we are unable to recover them from other parties.
some of our key raw materials and components are either single-sourced or sourced from a limited number of third-party suppliers, and their failure to perform could cause manufacturing delays and impair our ability to deliver solar modules to customers in the required quality and quantities and at a price that is profitable to us.
our failure to obtain raw materials and components that meet our quality, quantity, and cost requirements in a timely manner could interrupt or impair our ability to manufacture our solar modules or increase our manufacturing cost. some of our key raw materials and components are either single-sourced or sourced from a limited number of third-party suppliers. as a result, the failure of any of our suppliers to perform could disrupt our supply chain and impair our operations. in addition, some of our suppliers are small companies that may be unable to supply our increasing demand for raw materials and components as we continue to expand our business. we may be unable to identify new suppliers or qualify their products for use on our production lines in a timely manner and on commercially reasonable terms. a constraint on our production may cause us to be unable to meet our capacity plans and/or our obligations under our customer contracts, which would have an adverse impact on our business.
a disruption in our supply chain for cadmium telluride could interrupt or impair our ability to manufacture solar modules and could adversely impact our profitability and long-term growth prospects.
a key raw material we use in our cdte module production process is a cadmium telluride compound. tellurium, one of the main components of cadmium telluride, is mainly produced as a by-product of copper refining, and therefore, its supply is largely dependent upon demand for copper. our supply of cadmium telluride could be limited if any of our current suppliers or any of our future suppliers are unable to acquire an adequate supply of tellurium in a timely manner or at commercially reasonable prices. if our competitors begin to use or increase their demand for cadmium telluride, supply could be reduced and prices could increase. if our current suppliers or any of our future suppliers cannot obtain sufficient tellurium, they could substantially increase prices or be unable to perform under their contracts. we may be unable to pass increases in the costs of our raw materials through to our customers. a substantial increase in tellurium prices could adversely impact our profitability and long-term growth objectives.
29
our tetrasun module offering may not be able to achieve profitable commercial scale, which could adversely impact our operating results and our future growth objectives with respect to pv solar in restricted spaces.
in 2013, we acquired tetrasun, inc., a development stage company with high-efficiency crystalline silicon technology. we expect our high-power density tetrasun modules to offer advantages relative to our cdte modules in certain commercial & industrial, rooftop, and other space constrained applications. although we began manufacturing tetrasun modules during the fourth quarter of 2014, we have less experience with crystalline silicon module manufacturing compared to many of our competitors, and accordingly we face numerous risks and uncertainties. many of these risks are inherent in pv module manufacturing generally, or otherwise similar to risks involved in our cdte pv module manufacturing operations, and are discussed elsewhere in item 1a: "risk factors."
additionally, scaling of high-volume tetrasun module manufacturing could present supply chain, timing, and other challenges. contrasted with our largely automated cdte manufacturing lines, our tetrasun module manufacturing operations involve a batch process and are not fully integrated from initial feedstock to final module, potentially resulting in timing, cost, supply, and other constraints. we outsource module assembly to a third party, and any constraints such party faces in meeting our volume or quality requirements would negatively impact our ability to deliver modules to our customers. tetrasun cells are manufactured using n-type mono-crystalline wafers. we rely on our wafer suppliers to contract polysilicon feedstock in sufficient volumes to meet our demand. market-driven increases in polysilicon prices realized by our wafer suppliers or increases in wafer prices generally would increase our manufacturing costs and negatively impact margins on tetrasun modules.
if we are able to achieve high-volume manufacturing of tetrasun modules, we may not have an adequate sales channel for such modules and/or the prevailing average selling price or conversion efficiency of pv modules in general may have changed in such a manner as to make our tetrasun modules uncompetitive. if our tetrasun modules are unable to achieve profitable commercial scale, we may have to write down all or a portion of the assets related to this business area, and our future growth strategy with respect to pv solar in restricted spaces could be adversely impacted, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
our future success depends on our ability to effectively balance manufacturing production with market demand and, when necessary, continue to build new manufacturing plants over time in response to such demand and add production lines in a cost-effective manner, all of which are subject to risks and uncertainties.
our future success depends on our ability to effectively balance manufacturing production with market demand and increase both our manufacturing capacity and production throughput over time in a cost-effective and efficient manner. if we cannot do so, we may be unable to expand our business, decrease our manufacturing cost per watt, maintain our competitive position, satisfy our contractual obligations, or sustain profitability. see "an increased global supply of pv modules has caused and may continue to cause structural imbalances in which global pv module supply exceeds demand, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations." our ability to expand production capacity is subject to significant risks and uncertainties, including the following:
•   delays and cost overruns as a result of a number of factors, many of which may be beyond our control, such as our inability to secure successful contracts with equipment vendors;
•   our custom-built equipment taking longer and costing more to manufacture than expected and not operating as designed;
•   delays or denial of required approvals by relevant government authorities;
•   being unable to hire qualified staff;
•   failure to execute our expansion plans effectively;
•   manufacturing concentration risk resulting from a majority of our production lines worldwide being located in one geographic area, malaysia, and the possible inability to meet customer demand in the event of compromises to shipping processes, supply chain, or other aspects of such facility;
•   difficulty in balancing market demand and manufacturing production in an efficient and timely manner, potentially causing us to be manufacturing capacity constrained in some future periods or over-supplied in others; and
•   incurring manufacturing asset write-downs, write-offs, and other charges and costs, which may be significant, during those periods in which we idle, slow down, or shut down manufacturing capacity.
30
if any future production lines are not built in line with our committed schedules it may impair any future growth plans. if any future production lines do not achieve operating metrics similar to our existing production lines, our solar modules could perform below expectations and cause us to lose customers.
if we are unable to systematically replicate our production lines as necessary over time and achieve and sustain similar operating metrics in our future production lines as we have achieved at our existing production lines, our manufacturing capacity could be substantially constrained, our manufacturing costs per watt could increase, and our growth could be limited. such factors may result in lower net sales and lower net income than we anticipate. for instance, future production lines could produce solar modules that have lower conversion efficiencies, higher failure rates, and higher rates of degradation than solar modules from our existing production lines, and we could be unable to determine the cause of the lower operating metrics or develop and implement solutions to improve performance.
some of our manufacturing equipment is customized and sole sourced. if our manufacturing equipment fails or if our equipment suppliers fail to perform under their contracts, we could experience production disruptions and be unable to satisfy our contractual requirements.
some of our manufacturing equipment is customized to our production lines based on designs or specifications that we provide to equipment manufacturers, which then undertake a specialized process to manufacture the custom equipment. as a result, the equipment is not readily available from multiple vendors and would be difficult to repair or replace if it were to become damaged or stop working. if any piece of equipment fails, production along the entire production line could be interrupted. in addition, the failure of our equipment manufacturers to supply equipment in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms could delay our expansion plans, otherwise disrupt our production schedule, and/or increase our manufacturing costs, all of which would adversely impact our operating results.
we may be unable to manage the expansion of our operations effectively.
we expect to continue to expand our business in order to provide utility-scale pv generation to existing and new geographic markets and to maintain or increase market share. to manage the continued expansion of our operations, we will be required to continue to improve our operational and financial systems, procedures and controls, and expand, train, manage, and retain our growing associate base. our management will also be required to maintain and expand our relationships with customers, suppliers, and other third parties and attract new customers and suppliers. in addition, our current and planned operations, personnel, systems, and internal controls and procedures might be inadequate to support our future growth. the effectiveness of our controls and procedures could be adversely impacted to the extent we transfer more business functions to lower cost geographies as part of our cost reduction initiatives. if we cannot manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to take advantage of market opportunities, execute our business strategies, or respond to competitive pressures.
our substantial international operations subject us to a number of risks, including unfavorable political, regulatory, labor, and tax conditions in foreign countries.
we have significant marketing, distribution, and manufacturing operations both within and outside the united states and expect to continue to expand our operations worldwide. as a result, we will be subject to the legal, political, social, tax, and regulatory requirements, and economic conditions of many jurisdictions. risks inherent to international operations include, but are not limited to, the following:
•   difficulty in enforcing agreements in foreign legal systems;
•   difficulty in forming appropriate legal entities to conduct business in foreign countries in the required time frame and the associated costs of forming those legal entities;
•   varying degrees of protection afforded to foreign investments in the countries in which we operate, and irregular interpretations and enforcement of laws and regulations in these jurisdictions;
•   foreign countries may impose additional income and withholding taxes or otherwise tax our foreign operations, impose tariffs, or adopt other restrictions on foreign trade and investment, including currency exchange controls;
•   fluctuations in exchange rates may affect demand for our products and services and may adversely affect our profitability and cash flow in u.s. dollars to the extent that our equity investments, net sales, or our costs are denominated in a foreign currency and the cost associated with hedging the u.s. dollar equivalent of such exposures is prohibitive; the longer the duration of such foreign currency exposure, the greater the risk;
31
•   anti-corruption compliance issues, including the costs related to the mitigation of such risk;
•   inability to obtain, maintain, or enforce intellectual property rights;
•   risk of nationalization or other expropriation of private enterprises;
•   changes in general economic and political conditions in the countries in which we operate, including changes in government incentive provisions;
•   unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements, including those with respect to environmental protection, export duties, and quotas;
•   opaque approval processes in which the lack of transparency may cause delays and increase the uncertainty of project approvals;
•   difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations;
•   difficulty in repatriating earnings;
•   difficulty in negotiating a successful collective bargaining agreement in applicable foreign jurisdictions;
•   trade barriers such as export requirements, tariffs, taxes, local content requirements, anti-dumping regulations and requirements, and other restrictions and expenses, which could increase the effective price of our solar modules and make us less competitive in some countries; and
•   difficulty of, and costs relating to, compliance with the different commercial and legal requirements of the overseas countries in which we offer and sell our solar modules.
our business in foreign markets requires us to respond to rapid changes in market conditions in these countries. our overall success as a global business depends, in part, on our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social, and political conditions. we may not be able to develop and implement policies and strategies that will be effective in each location where we do business.
risks related to our systems business project development or construction activities may not be successful; projects under development may not receive required permits, real property rights, ppas, interconnection, and transmission arrangements; or financing or construction may not commence or proceed as scheduled, which could increase our costs and impair our ability to recover our investments.
the development and construction of solar power electric generation facilities and other energy infrastructure projects involve numerous risks. we may be required to spend significant sums for land and interconnection rights, preliminary engineering, permitting, legal, and other expenses before we can determine whether a project is feasible, economically attractive, or capable of being built. success in developing a particular project is contingent upon, among other things:
•   obtaining financeable land rights, including land rights for the project site, transmission lines, and environmental mitigation;
•   receipt from governmental agencies of required environmental, land-use, and construction permits and approvals;
•   receipt of governmental approvals related to the presence of any protected or endangered species or habitats, migratory birds, wetlands or other jurisdictional water resources, and/or cultural resources;
•   negotiation of development agreements, public benefit agreements, and other agreements to compensate local governments for project impacts;
•   negotiation of state and local tax abatement and incentive agreements;
•   receipt of rights to interconnect the project to the electric grid or to transmit energy;
32
•   negotiation of satisfactory epc agreements;
•   entering into financeable arrangements for the purchase of the electrical output and renewable energy attributes generated by the project;
•   securing necessary rights of way for access and transmission lines;
•   securing necessary water rights for project construction and operation;
•   securing appropriate title coverage, including coverage for mineral rights, mechanics' liens, etc.;
•   obtaining construction financing, including debt, equity, and funds associated with the monetization of tax credits and other tax benefits;
•   payment of ppa, interconnection, and other deposits (some of which are non-refundable); and
•   timely implementation and satisfactory completion of construction.
successful completion of a particular project may be adversely affected, delayed and/or rendered infeasible by numerous factors, including:
•   delays in obtaining and maintaining required governmental permits and approvals, including appeals of approvals obtained;
•   potential permit and litigation challenges from project stakeholders, including local residents, environmental organizations, labor organizations, tribes, and others who may oppose the project;
•   in connection with any such permit and litigation challenges, grants of injunctive relief to stop development and/or construction of a project;
•   discovery of unknown impacts to protected or endangered species or habitats, migratory birds, wetlands or other jurisdictional water resources, and/or cultural resources at project sites;
•   discovery of unknown title defects;
•   discovery of unknown environmental conditions;
•   unforeseen engineering problems;
•   construction delays and contractor performance shortfalls;
•   work stoppages;
•   cost over-runs;
•   labor, equipment, and materials supply shortages or disruptions;
•   cost or schedule impacts arising from changes in federal, state, or local land-use or regulatory policies;
•   changes in electric utility procurement practices;
•   risks arising from transmission grid congestion issues;
•   project delays that could adversely impact our ability to maintain interconnection rights;
•   additional complexities when conducting project development or construction activities in foreign jurisdictions (either on a stand-alone basis or in collaboration with local business partners), including operating in accordance with the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and applicable local laws and customs;
33
•   unfavorable tax treatment;
•   adverse weather conditions;
•   water shortages;
•   adverse environmental and geological conditions; and
•   force majeure and other events out of our control.
if we fail to complete the development of a solar power project, fail to meet one or more agreed upon target construction milestone dates, fail to achieve system-level capacity, or fail to meet other contract terms, we may be subject to forfeiture of significant deposits under ppas or interconnection agreements or termination of such agreements, incur significant liquidated damages, penalties, and/or other obligations under other project related agreements, and may not be able to recover our investment in the project. some of these investments are included as assets on our consolidated balance sheets under the line item "project assets and deferred project costs." if we are unable to complete the development of a solar power project, we may write-down or write-off some or all of these capitalized investments, which would have an adverse impact on our net income in the period in which the loss is recognized.
we may be unable to accurately estimate costs under fixed-price epc agreements in which we act as the general contractor for our customers in connection with the construction and installation of their pv solar power systems.
we may enter into fixed-price epc contracts in which we act as the general contractor for our customers in connection with the installation of their pv solar power systems. all essential costs are estimated at the time of entering into the epc contract for a particular project, and these are reflected in the overall fixed-price that we charge our customers for the project. these cost estimates are preliminary and may or may not be covered by contracts between us or the subcontractors, suppliers, and other parties to the project. in addition, we require qualified, licensed subcontractors to install many of our systems. shortages of such skilled labor could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase our costs. should actual results prove different from our estimates (including those due to unexpected increases in inflation, commodity prices, or labor costs) or we experience delays in execution and we are unable to commensurately increase the epc sales price, we may not achieve our expected margins or we may be required to record a loss in the relevant fiscal period.
we may be unable to acquire or lease land, obtain necessary interconnection and transmission rights, and/or obtain the approvals, licenses, permits, and electric transmission grid interconnection and transmission rights necessary to build and operate pv solar power systems in a timely and cost effective manner, and regulatory agencies, local communities, labor unions, tribes, or other third parties may delay, prevent, or increase the cost of construction and operation of the system we intend to build.
in order to construct and operate our pv solar power systems, we need to acquire or lease land and rights of way, obtain interconnection rights, and obtain all necessary local, county, state, federal, and foreign approvals, licenses, and permits, as well as rights to interconnect the systems to the transmission grid and transmit energy generated from the system. we may be unable to acquire the land or lease interests needed, may not obtain or maintain satisfactory interconnection rights, may not receive or retain the requisite approvals, permits, licenses, and interconnection and transmission rights, or may encounter other problems that could delay or prevent us from successfully constructing and operating such systems.
many of our proposed pv solar power systems are located on or require access through public lands administered by federal and state agencies pursuant to competitive public leasing and right-of-way procedures and processes. the authorization for the use, construction, and operation of systems and associated transmission facilities on federal, state, and private lands will also require the assessment and evaluation of mineral rights, private rights-of-way, and other easements; environmental, agricultural, cultural, recreational, and aesthetic impacts; and the likely mitigation of adverse impacts to these and other resources and uses. the inability to obtain the required permits and, potentially, any excessive delays in obtaining such permits due, for example, to litigation or third-party appeals, could prevent us from successfully constructing and operating pv solar power systems in a timely manner and could result in the potential forfeiture of any deposit we have made with respect to a given project. moreover, project approvals subject to project modifications and conditions, including mitigation requirements and costs, could affect the financial success of a given project. changing regulatory requirements and the discovery of unknown site conditions could also affect the financial success of a given project.
34
in addition, local labor unions may increase the cost of, and/or lower the productivity of, project development in california and elsewhere. we may also be subject to labor unavailability and/or increased union labor requirements due to multiple simultaneous projects in a geographic region.
lack of transmission capacity availability, potential upgrade costs to the transmission grid, and other systems constraints could significantly impact our ability to build pv solar power systems and generate solar electricity power sales.
in order to deliver electricity from our pv solar power systems to our customers, our projects generally need to connect to the transmission grid. the lack of available capacity on the transmission grid could substantially impact our projects and cause reductions in project size, delays in project implementation, increases in costs from transmission upgrades, and potential forfeitures of any deposit we have made with respect to a given project. these transmission issues, as well as issues relating to the availability of large equipment such as transformers and switch gear, could significantly impact our ability to build such systems and generate solar electricity sales.
our systems business is largely dependent on us and third parties arranging financing from various sources, which may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms or in insufficient amounts.
the construction of large utility-scale solar power projects is expected in many cases to require project financing, including non-recourse project debt financing in the bank loan market and institutional debt capital markets. uncertainties exist as to whether our projects will be able to access the debt markets in a magnitude sufficient to finance their construction. if we are unable to arrange such financing or if it is only available on unfavorable terms, we may be unable to fully execute our systems business plan. in addition, we generally expect to sell our projects by raising project equity capital from tax-oriented, strategic industry, and other equity investors. such equity sources may not be available or may only be available in insufficient amounts or on unfavorable terms, in which case our ability to sell our projects may be delayed or limited, and our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. even if such financing sources are available, the counterparty to many of our fixed-price epc contracts, which own the project we are constructing, are often special purpose vehicles that do not have significant assets other than their interests in the project and have pledged all or substantially all of these assets to secure the project-related debt and certain other sources of financing. if the owner defaults on its payments or other obligations to us, we may face difficulties in collecting payment of amounts due to us for the costs previously incurred or for the amounts previously expended or committed to be expended to purchase equipment or supplies (including intercompany purchases of pv modules), or for termination payments we are entitled to under the terms of the related epc contract. if we are unable to collect the amounts owed to us, or are unable to complete the project because of an owner default, we may be required to record a charge against earnings related to the project, which could result in a material loss.
in addition, for projects to which we provide epc services but are not the project developer, our epc activities are in many cases dependent on the ability of third parties to finance their systems projects, which, in turn, is dependent on their ability to obtain financing for such purchases on acceptable terms. depending on prevailing conditions in the credit markets, interest rates and other factors, such financing may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms or in insufficient amounts. if third parties are limited in their ability to access financing to support their purchase of pv solar power system construction services from us, we may not realize the cash flows that we expect from such sales, which could adversely affect our ability to invest in our business and/or generate revenue. see also the risk factor above entitled "an increase in interest rates or tightening of the supply of capital in the global financial markets (including a reduction in total tax equity availability) could make it difficult for customers to finance the cost of a pv solar power system and could reduce the demand for our modules or systems and/or lead to a reduction in the average selling price for pv modules."
developing solar power projects may require significant upfront investment prior to the signing of an epc contract and commencing construction, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
our solar power project development cycles, which span the time between the identification of land and the commercial operation of a pv solar power system, vary substantially and can take many months or years to mature. as a result of these long project cycles, we may need to make significant upfront investments of resources (including, for example, payments for land rights, large transmission and ppa deposits, or other payments, which may be non-refundable) in advance of the signing of epc contracts, commencing construction, receiving cash proceeds, and recognizing any revenue, which may not be recognized for several additional months or years following contract signing. our potential inability to enter into sales contracts with potential customers on favorable terms after making such upfront investments could cause us to forfeit certain nonrefundable payments or otherwise adversely affect our business and results of operations. furthermore, we may become constrained in our ability to simultaneously fund our other business operations and these systems investments through our long project development cycles.
35
our liquidity may be adversely affected to the extent the project sales market weakens and we are unable to sell our solar projects on pricing, timing, and other terms commercially acceptable to us. in such a scenario, we may choose to continue to own and operate certain solar projects for a period of time, after which the projects may be sold to third parties.
we may not be able to obtain long-term contracts for the sale of power produced by our projects at prices and on other terms favorable to attract financing and other investments; with regard to projects for which electricity is or will be sold on an open-contract basis rather than under a ppa, our results of operations could be adversely affected to the extent prevailing spot electricity prices decline in an unexpected manner.
obtaining long-term contracts for the sale of power produced by our projects at prices and on other terms favorable to us is essential for obtaining financing and commencing construction of our projects. we must compete for ppas against other developers of solar and renewable energy projects. further, other sources of power, such as natural gas-fired power plants, have historically been cheaper than the cost of solar power, and power from certain types of projects, such as natural gas-fired power plants, can be delivered on a firm basis. the inability to compete successfully against other power producers or otherwise enter into ppas favorable to us would negatively affect our ability to develop and finance our projects and negatively impact our revenue. in addition, the availability of ppas is dependent on utility procurement practices that could evolve and shift allocation of market risks over time. in addition, ppa availability and terms are a function of a number of economic, regulatory, tax, and public policy factors, which are also subject to change. also, certain of our projects may be scheduled for substantial completion prior to the commencement of a long-term ppa with a major off-taker, in which case we would be required to enter into a stub-period ppa for the intervening time period or sell down the project. we may not be able to do either on terms that are commercially attractive to us. finally, the electricity from certain of our projects is or will be sold on an open-contract basis for a period of time rather than under a ppa. if prevailing spot electricity prices relating to any such project were to decline in an unexpected manner, such project may decline in value and our results of operations could otherwise be adversely affected.
we may be subject to unforeseen costs, liabilities, or obligations when providing o&m services.
we may provide ongoing o&m services to system owners under separate service agreements, pursuant to which we generally perform standard activities associated with operating a pv solar power system, including 24/7 monitoring and control, compliance activities, energy forecasting, and scheduled and unscheduled maintenance. our costs to perform these services are estimated at the time of entering into the o&m agreement for a particular project, and these are reflected in the price we charge our customers. we have limited experience in performing o&m services in certain jurisdictions outside of the united states, canada, and australia where we plan to offer pv systems solutions as part of our long term strategic plan, including estimating actual costs for such jurisdictions under our o&m agreements relative to the price that we charge our customers. should our estimates of o&m costs prove inaccurate (including any unexpected increases in inflation or labor or bos costs), our growth strategy and results of operations could be adversely affected. because of the potentially long-term nature of these o&m agreements, the adverse impacts on our results of operations could be significant, particularly if our costs are not capped under the terms of the agreements. we may also be subject to substantial costs in the event we do not achieve certain thresholds under the effective availability guarantees included in our o&m agreements.
our systems business is subject to regulatory oversight and liability if we fail to operate our pv solar power systems in compliance with electric reliability rules.
the ongoing o&m services that we provide for system owners may subject us to regulation by the north american electric reliability corporation ("nerc"), or its designated regional representative, as a "generator operator," or "gop," under electric reliability rules filed with ferc. our failure to comply with the reliability rules applicable to gops could subject us to substantial fines by nerc, subject to ferc's review. in addition, the system owners that receive our o&m services may be regulated by nerc as "generator owners," or "gos" and we may incur liability for go violations and fines levied by nerc, subject to ferc's review, based on the terms of our o&m agreements. finally, as a systems owner and operator, we may in the future be subject to regulation by nerc as a go.
36
other risks we may not realize the anticipated benefits of past or future business combinations or transactions, and integration of these business combinations may disrupt our business and management.
we have made several acquisitions in the last several years and in the future we may acquire additional companies, project pipelines, products, or technologies or enter into joint ventures or other strategic initiatives. we may not realize the anticipated benefits of a business combination, and each transaction has numerous risks. these risks include the following:
•   difficulty in assimilating the operations and personnel of the acquired or partner company;
•   difficulty in effectively integrating the acquired products or technologies with our current products or technologies;
•   difficulty in achieving profitable commercial scale from acquired technologies;
•   difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures, and policies during the transition and integration;
•   disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of our management and associates from other opportunities and challenges due to integration issues;
•   difficulty integrating the acquired or partner company's accounting, management information, and other administrative systems;
•   inability to retain key technical and managerial personnel of the acquired business;
•   inability to retain key customers, vendors, and other business partners of the acquired business;
•   inability to achieve the financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined businesses, as a result of insufficient capital resources or otherwise;
•   incurring acquisition-related costs or amortization costs for acquired intangible assets that could impact our operating results;
•   potential impairment of our relationships with our associates, customers, partners, distributors, or third-party providers of products or technologies;
•   potential failure of the due diligence processes to identify significant issues with product quality, legal and financial liabilities, among other things;
•   potential inability to assert that internal controls over financial reporting are effective;
•   potential inability to obtain, or obtain in a timely manner, approvals from governmental authorities, which could delay or prevent such acquisitions; and
•   potential delay in customer purchasing decisions due to uncertainty about the direction of our product offerings.
mergers and acquisitions of companies are inherently risky, and ultimately, if we do not complete the integration of acquired businesses successfully and in a timely manner, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions to the extent anticipated, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the formation of 8point3 energy partners lp, on a timely basis or at all.
in june 2015, 8point3 energy partners lp (the "yieldco" or the "partnership"), a limited partnership formed by first solar and sunpower corporation ("sunpower"), completed its initial public offering. the yieldco is a joint venture vehicle into which we and sunpower each contributed a portfolio of selected solar generation assets from our existing portfolios of assets. we launched the yieldco to enable a competitive cost of capital and greater optionality in the project sales process for a portion of our future project sales. given the broader economic factors currently impacting the yieldco sector in general, including yieldco equity valuations generally, the timing and execution of asset drop downs to the yieldco are subject to market conditions. we believe
37
that the viability of the yieldco strategy will depend on, among other things, such market conditions and our ability to continue to develop revenue-generating solar assets, which is subject to the same project-level, business, and industry risks described in the other risk factors contained in this annual report on form 10-k. the viability of the yieldco strategy is also subject to the risks described in the yieldco's annual report on form 10-k. in addition, due to the joint venture nature of the yieldco, we do not exercise control over the yieldco in the same manner that we could over our wholly-owned subsidiaries, and, as such, the viability of the yieldco strategy will also depend in part on our ability to effectively manage our business relationships with sunpower. furthermore, the value of our investment in the yieldco will fluctuate over time and may decline. as a result, we may never recover the value of the assets we contributed to the yieldco, and we may realize less of a return on such contributions than if we had retained or operated the assets. in addition, our stock price may be impacted by fluctuations in the price of yieldco shares and market perceptions about the value of our interest in the yieldco. if we are unable to achieve the strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the yieldco strategy, we would pursue traditional and other pathways in the project sales process, but our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. see note 12 "investments in unconsolidated affiliates and joint ventures" to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
our future success depends on our ability to retain our key associates and to successfully integrate them into our management team.
we are dependent on the services of our executive officers and other members of our senior management team. the loss of one or more of these key associates or any other member of our senior management team could have a material adverse effect on our business. we may not be able to retain or replace these key associates, and we may not have adequate succession plans in place. several of our current key associates including our executive officers are subject to employment conditions or arrangements that contain post-employment non-competition provisions. however, these arrangements permit the associates to terminate their employment with us upon little or no notice and the enforceability of the non-competition provisions in certain jurisdictions is uncertain.
if we are unable to attract, train, and retain key personnel, our business may be materially and adversely affected; any regulatory compliance failure with respect to applicable labor laws and regulations, including the davis-bacon and related acts, could have an adverse effect on us.
our future success depends, to a significant extent, on our ability to attract, train, and retain management, operations, sales, training, and technical personnel, including in foreign jurisdictions as we continue to execute on our long term strategic plan. recruiting and retaining capable personnel, particularly those with expertise in the pv industry across a variety of technologies, are vital to our success. there is substantial competition for qualified technical personnel and while we continue to benchmark our organization against the broad spectrum of business in our market space to remain economically competitive, there can be no assurances that we will be able to attract and retain our technical personnel. if we are unable to attract and retain qualified associates, or otherwise experience unexpected labor disruptions within our business, we may be materially and adversely affected.
labor used on some of our job sites that are completed or under construction are subject to the davis-bacon and related acts (collectively, "davis-bacon"). davis-bacon requires that personnel assigned to the project be paid at least the prevailing wage and fringe benefits, as established by and in accordance with the regulations promulgated by the u.s. department of labor ("dol"). we have an established policy pursuant to which we evaluate davis-bacon requirements in conjunction with our subcontractors on the project and ensure our collective compliance with these requirements. if it was ultimately determined that any person working under davis-bacon requirements on first solar projects was not properly classified, was being paid the incorrect prevailing wage, or had not been paid fringe benefits to which he or she was entitled, we could incur additional liability with respect to such worker or be exposed to other adverse outcomes. for example, in march 2015, the wage and hour division of the dol notified our wholly-owned subsidiary first solar electric, llc ("fse") of the dol's findings following a labor standards compliance review under davis-bacon at our agua caliente project in southwestern arizona. fse served as the general contractor for the project. the dol alleges that certain workers at the project were misclassified and, as a result of that misclassification, were not paid the required prevailing wage. we disagree with certain of the dol's investigative findings and are reviewing those issues of disagreement with the dol. possible adverse outcomes include the payment of back wages and debarment of fse and its affiliates from doing certain business with the u.s. federal government. we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of the dol proceeding.
38
we may be exposed to infringement or misappropriation claims by third parties, which, if determined adversely to us, could cause us to pay significant damage awards or prohibit us from the manufacture and sale of our solar modules or the use of our technology.
our success depends largely on our ability to use and develop our technology and know-how without infringing or misappropriating the intellectual property rights of third parties. the validity and scope of claims relating to pv technology patents involve complex scientific, legal, and factual considerations and analysis and, therefore, may be highly uncertain. we may be subject to litigation involving claims of patent infringement or violation of intellectual property rights of third parties. the defense and prosecution of intellectual property suits, patent opposition proceedings, and related legal and administrative proceedings can be both costly and time consuming and may significantly divert the efforts and resources of our technical and management personnel. an adverse determination in any such litigation or proceedings to which we may become a party could subject us to significant liability to third parties, require us to seek licenses from third parties, which may not be available on reasonable terms, or at all, or pay ongoing royalties, require us to redesign our solar modules, or subject us to injunctions prohibiting the manufacture and sale of our solar modules or the use of our technologies. protracted litigation could also result in our customers or potential customers deferring or limiting their purchase or use of our solar modules until the resolution of such litigation.
currency translation and transaction risk may negatively affect our results of operations.
although our reporting currency is the u.s. dollar, we conduct our business and incur costs in the local currency of most countries in which we operate. as a result, we are subject to currency translation and transaction risk. for example, certain of our net sales in 2015 were denominated in foreign currencies, such as australian dollars, indian rupees, and euros, and we expect more than a minor percentage of our net sales to be outside the united states and denominated in foreign currencies in the future. in addition, our operating expenses for our manufacturing plants located outside the u.s. and our operations for our systems business in foreign countries will generally be denominated in local currencies. joint ventures or other business arrangements with strategic partners outside of the united states have involved, and are expected in the future to involve, significant investments denominated in local currencies. changes in exchange rates between foreign currencies and the u.s. dollar could affect our results of operations and result in exchange gains or losses. we cannot accurately predict the impact of future exchange rate fluctuations on our results of operations.
we could also expand our business into emerging markets, many of which have an uncertain regulatory environment relating to currency policy. conducting business in such emerging markets could cause our exposure to changes in exchange rates to increase, due to the relatively high volatility associated with emerging market currencies and potentially longer payment terms for our proceeds.
our ability to hedge foreign currency exposure is dependent on our credit profile with the banks that are willing and able to do business with us. deterioration in our credit position or a significant tightening of the credit market conditions could limit our ability to hedge our foreign currency exposure; and therefore, result in exchange gains or losses.
sustained declines in worldwide oil prices could adversely affect trading prices of our common shares.
worldwide oil prices have declined over the last few years and may continue to decline or remain low. oil is used as a fuel for electricity generation in only a small percentage of applications worldwide, compared to natural gas or coal-fired electricity generation and other forms of electricity generation, and accordingly, fluctuations in oil prices generally do not have a significant direct causal effect on prevailing competitive electricity prices, including electricity from solar sources. nonetheless, there can be an observed market correlation effect between declining oil prices and depressed equity valuations of solar companies. if oil prices remain low or continue to decline, the trading price of our common shares may suffer.
global sovereign debt issues could adversely impact our business.
potential sovereign debt issues in europe, emerging markets, and other regions and their impact on the balance sheets and lending practices of global banks in particular could negatively impact our access to, and cost of, capital and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position. it could also similarly affect our customers and therefore limit the sales of our modules and demand for our systems. sovereign debt problems may also cause governments to reduce, eliminate, or allow to expire government subsidies and economic incentives for solar energy, which could limit our growth or cause our net sales to decline and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
39
we are subject to litigation risks, including securities class actions and stockholder derivative actions, which may be costly to defend and the outcome of which is uncertain.
from time to time, we are subject to legal claims, with and without merit, that may be costly and which may divert the attention of our management and our resources in general. in addition, our projects may be subject to litigation or other adverse proceedings that may adversely impact our ability to proceed with construction or sell a given project, which would adversely affect our ability to recognize revenue with respect to such project. the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. moreover, many of the complaints filed against us do not specify the amount of damages that plaintiffs seek, and we therefore are unable to estimate the possible range of damages that might be incurred should these lawsuits be resolved against us. certain of these lawsuits assert types of claims that, if resolved against us, could give rise to substantial damages, and an unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits, or any future lawsuits, may result in a significant monetary judgment or award against us or a significant monetary payment by us, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. even if these lawsuits, or any future lawsuits, are not resolved against us, the costs of defending such lawsuits may be significant and may not be covered by our insurance policies. because the price of our common stock has been, and may continue to be, volatile, we can provide no assurance that additional securities or other litigation will not be filed against us in the future. for more information on our legal proceedings, including our securities class action and derivative actions, see "note 16 "commitments and contingencies" under the heading "legal proceedings" of our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k.
our largest stockholder has significant influence over us and its interests may conflict with or differ from interests of other stockholders.
our largest stockholder, consisting collectively of jcl fslr holdings, llc and its beneficiaries and jtw trust no. 1 uad 9/19/02 and its beneficiaries, each affiliated in the past with the former estate of john t. walton (collectively, the "significant stockholder"), owned approximately 26% of our outstanding common stock at december 31, 2015. as a result, the significant stockholder has substantial influence over all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of our directors and the approval of significant corporate transactions such as mergers, tender offers, and the sale of all or substantially all of our assets. the interests of the significant stockholder could conflict with or differ from interests of other stockholders. for example, the concentration of ownership held by the significant stockholder could delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company or impede a merger, takeover, or other business combination, which other stockholders may view favorably.
if our goodwill and other intangible assets or project related assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings in our financial statements should we determine that our goodwill, other intangible assets, or project assets are impaired. such a charge might have a significant impact on our financial position and results of operations.
as required by accounting rules, we review our goodwill for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit that has goodwill is less than its carrying value. factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill might not be recoverable include a significant decline in our stock price and market capitalization, a significant decline in projections of future cash flows, and lower future growth rates in our industry.
we review project related assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. we consider a project commercially viable and recoverable if it is anticipated to be sellable for a profit once it is either fully developed or constructed or if the expected operating cash flows from future power generation exceed the cost basis of the asset. if our projects are not considered commercially viable, we would be required to impair the respective assets.
unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of a new tax legislation, or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. our tax liabilities are affected by the amounts we charge for inventory, services, licenses, funding, and other intercompany transactions. we are subject to potential tax examinations in these various jurisdictions. tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges, cross-jurisdictional transfer pricing or other tax positions and assess additional taxes. we regularly assess the likely outcomes of these examinations in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. however, there can be no assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these potential examinations, and the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of examinations
40
could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our results of operations and cash flows. in addition, our future effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, a loss of our malaysian tax holiday, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with tax holidays or differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. a number of proposals for broad reform of the corporate tax system in the u.s. are under evaluation by various legislative and administrative bodies, but it is not possible to accurately determine the overall impact of such proposals on our effective tax rate at this time. changes in tax laws or regulations, including multijurisdictional changes enacted in response to the guidelines provided by the organization for economic co-operation and development to address base erosion and profit sharing, may increase tax uncertainty and adversely affect our results of operations.
cyber attacks or other breaches of our information systems, or those of third parties with which we do business, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
our operations rely on our computer systems, hardware, software, and networks, as well as those of the third parties with which we do business, to securely process, store, and transmit proprietary, confidential, and other information, including intellectual property. such information systems may be compromised by cyber attacks, computer viruses, and other events that put the security of our information, and that of the third parties with which we do business, at risk of misappropriation or destruction. in recent years, such cyber incidents have become increasingly frequent and sophisticated, targeting or otherwise affecting a wide range of companies. while we have instituted security measures to minimize the likelihood and impact of a cyber incident, there is no assurance that these measures, or those of the third parties with which we do business, will be adequate in the future. if these measures fail, valuable information may be lost, our manufacturing, construction, o&m, and other operations may be disrupted, and our reputation may suffer. we may also be subject to litigation, regulatory action, remedial expenses, and financial losses beyond the scope or limits of our insurance coverage. these consequences of a failure of security measures could, individually or in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
changes in, or any failure to comply with, privacy laws, regulations, and standards may adversely affect our business.
personal privacy and data security have become significant issues in the united states, europe, and in many other jurisdictions in which we operate. the regulatory framework for privacy and security issues worldwide is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. for example, the court of justice of the european union recently ruled that the u.s.-eu safe harbor framework, which provided u.s. companies with a streamlined means of complying with the european union's data protection directive regarding the treatment of customers' and employees' personal information and other privacy matters, and upon which we relied for the transfer of personal data from the eu to the u.s., was invalid. furthermore, federal, state, or foreign government bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws and regulations affecting data privacy. industry organizations also regularly adopt and advocate for new standards in this area. in the united states, these include rules and regulations promulgated under the authority of federal agencies and state attorneys general and legislatures and consumer protection agencies. internationally, many jurisdictions in which we operate have established their own data security and privacy legal framework with which we or our customers must comply, including but not limited to, the data protection directive established in the european union and data protection legislation of the individual member states subject to such directive. the data protection directive may be replaced in time with the pending european general data protection regulation, which may impose additional obligations and risk upon our business. in many jurisdictions, enforcement actions and consequences for noncompliance are also rising. in addition to government regulation, privacy advocates and industry groups may propose new and different self-regulatory standards that either legally or contractually apply to us. any inability or perceived inability to adequately address privacy and security concerns, even if unfounded, or comply with applicable privacy and data security laws, regulations, and policies, could result in additional cost and liability to us, damage our reputation, inhibit sales, and adversely affect our business.
our credit agreements contain covenant restrictions that may limit our ability to operate our business.
we may be unable to respond to changes in business and economic conditions, engage in transactions that might otherwise be beneficial to us, and obtain additional financing, if needed, because our revolving credit facility, our malaysian credit facility agreements, and certain of our project financing arrangements contain, and other future debt agreements may contain, covenant restrictions that limit our ability to, among other things:
•   incur additional debt, assume obligations in connection with letters of credit, or issue guarantees;
•   create liens;
•   enter into certain transactions with our affiliates;
41
•   sell certain assets; and
•   declare or pay dividends, make other distributions to stockholders, or make other restricted payments.
under our revolving credit facility, our malaysian credit facility agreements, and certain of our project financing arrangements, we are also subject to certain financial covenants. our ability to comply with covenants under our credit agreements is dependent on our future performance, which will be subject to many factors, some of which are beyond our control, including prevailing economic conditions. in addition, our failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under these agreements and any of our other future debt agreements, which if not cured or waived, could permit the holders thereof to accelerate such debt and could cause cross-defaults under our other facility agreements and the possible acceleration of debt under such other facility agreements, as well as cross-defaults under certain of our key project and operational agreements and could also result in requirements to post additional security instruments to secure future obligations. in addition, we cannot assure you that events that occur within the company, or in the industry or the economy as a whole, will not constitute material adverse effects under these agreements. if it is determined that a material adverse effect has occurred, the lenders can, under certain circumstances, restrict future borrowings or accelerate the due date of outstanding loan balances. if any of our debt is accelerated, we may in the future not have sufficient funds available to repay such debt, and we may experience cross-defaults under our other debt agreements or project and key operational agreements, which could materially and negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
item 7:  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included in this annual report on form 10-k. unless expressly stated or the context otherwise requires, the terms "we," "our," "us," and "first solar" refer to first solar, inc. and its subsidiaries. in addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions as described under the "note regarding forward-looking statements," that appears earlier in this annual report on form 10-k. our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under item 1a: "risk factors," and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
executive overview we are a leading global provider of comprehensive pv solar energy solutions. we design, manufacture, and sell pv solar modules with an advanced thin-film semiconductor technology and also develop, design, construct, and sell pv solar power systems that primarily use the modules we manufacture. additionally, we provide o&m services to system owners that use solar modules manufactured by us or by other third-party manufacturers. we have substantial, ongoing research and development efforts focused on module and system level innovations. we are the world's largest thin-film pv solar module manufacturer and one of the world's largest pv solar module manufacturers. our mission is to create enduring value by enabling a world powered by clean, affordable solar energy.
certain highlights of our financial results and other key developments include the following:
•   net sales for 2015 increased by 6% to $3.6 billion compared to $3.4 billion in 2014. the increase in net sales was primarily attributable to higher revenue from module plus transactions. our net sales for 2015 also included the sale of majority interests in the partially constructed desert stateline project and north star project and higher revenue from our silver state south, mccoy, and imperial solar energy center west projects, which commenced construction in late 2014. these 2015 net sales were offset by lower revenue from the completion, or substantial completion, of our desert sunlight, solar gen 2, topaz, and campo verde projects in 2014.
•   gross profit increased 1.4 percentage points to 25.7% during 2015 from 24.3% during 2014, primarily due to a reduction in our module collection and recycling obligation and improved utilization of our manufacturing facilities.
•   as of december 31, 2015, we had 30 installed production lines with an annual global manufacturing capacity of approximately 2.8 gw at our manufacturing facilities in perrysburg, ohio and kulim, malaysia. we produced 2.5 gw of solar modules during 2015, which represented a 39% increase from 2014. the increase in production was primarily driven by the restart of various production lines at our manufacturing facility in malaysia, increased throughput, and higher module conversion efficiencies. we expect to produce approximately 3.0 gw of solar modules during 2016.
•   during 2015, we ran our manufacturing facilities at approximately 92% capacity utilization, which represented an 11.0 percentage point increase from 2014.
•   the average conversion efficiency of our modules produced in 2015 was 15.6%, which represented an improvement of 1.6 percentage points from our average conversion efficiency of 14.0% in 2014.
46
market overview the solar industry continues to be characterized by intense pricing competition, both at the module and system levels. in the aggregate, we believe manufacturers of solar modules and cells have, relative to global demand, significant installed production capacity and the ability for additional capacity expansion. we believe the solar industry may from time to time experience periods of structural imbalance between supply and demand (i.e., where production capacity exceeds global demand), and that such periods will put pressure on pricing. additionally, intense competition at the system level can result in an environment in which pricing falls rapidly, thereby further increasing demand for solar energy solutions but constraining the ability for project developers, epc companies, and vertically-integrated solar companies such as first solar to sustain meaningful and consistent profitability. in light of such market realities, we are executing our long term strategic plan, vision 2020 described below, under which we are focusing on our competitive strengths. such strengths include our advanced module and system technologies as well as our differentiated, vertically-integrated business model that enables us to provide utility-scale pv solar energy solutions to key geographic markets with immediate electricity needs.
worldwide solar markets continue to develop, in part aided by demand elasticity resulting from declining industry average selling prices, both at the module and system level, which make solar power more affordable to new markets, and we have continued to develop our localized presence and expertise in such markets. we are developing, constructing, or operating multiple solar projects around the world, many of which are the largest or among the largest in their regions. in north america, we continue to execute on our advanced-stage utility-scale project pipeline, which includes the construction of some of the world's largest pv solar power systems. we expect a substantial portion of our consolidated net sales, operating income, and cash flows through the end of 2016 to be derived from these projects. we continue to advance the development and selling efforts for the other projects included in our advanced-stage utility-scale project pipeline and also continue to develop our early-to-mid stage project pipeline and evaluate acquisitions of projects to continue to add to our advanced-stage utility-scale project pipeline.
lower industry module and system pricing, while currently challenging for certain solar manufacturers (particularly manufacturers with high cost structures), is expected to continue to contribute to global market diversification and volume elasticity. over time, declining average selling prices are consistent with the erosion of one of the primary historical constraints to widespread solar market penetration, its affordability. in the near term, however, declining average selling prices could adversely affect our results of operations. if competitors reduce pricing to levels below their costs, bid aggressively low prices for ppas and epc agreements, or are able to operate at negative or minimal operating margins for sustained periods of time, our results of operations could be further adversely affected. we continue to mitigate this uncertainty in part by executing on and building our advanced-stage utility-scale systems pipeline, executing on our module efficiency improvement and bos cost reduction roadmaps, and continuing the development of key geographic markets.
we continue to face intense competition from manufacturers of crystalline silicon solar modules and other types of solar modules and pv solar power systems. solar module manufacturers compete with one another in several product performance attributes, including conversion efficiency, energy density, reliability, and selling price per watt, and, with respect to pv solar power systems, net present value, return on equity, and lcoe, meaning the net present value of total life cycle costs of the pv solar power system divided by the quantity of energy which is expected to be produced over the system's life.
we believe we are among the lowest cost pv module manufacturers in the solar industry on a module cost per watt basis, based on publicly available information. this cost competitiveness is reflected in the price at which we sell our modules and fully integrated pv solar power systems and enables our systems to compete favorably. our cost competitiveness is based in large part on our module conversion efficiency, proprietary manufacturing technology (which enables us to produce a cdte module in less than 2.5 hours using a continuous and highly automated industrial manufacturing process, as opposed to a batch process), our scale, and our operational excellence. in addition, our cdte modules use approximately 1-2% of the amount of the semiconductor material that is used to manufacture traditional crystalline silicon solar modules. the cost of polysilicon is a significant driver of the manufacturing cost of crystalline silicon solar modules, and the timing and rate of change in the cost of silicon feedstock and polysilicon could lead to changes in solar module pricing levels. polysilicon costs have had periods of decline over the past several years, contributing to a decline in our relative manufacturing cost competitiveness over traditional crystalline silicon module manufacturers. given the smaller size (sometimes referred to as form factor) of our cdte modules compared to certain types of crystalline silicon modules, we may incur higher labor and bos costs associated with systems using our modules. thus, to compete effectively on an lcoe basis, our modules may need to maintain a certain cost advantage per watt compared to crystalline silicon-based modules with larger form factors. bos costs represent a significant portion of the costs associated with the construction of a typical utility-scale pv solar power system.
47
in terms of energy density, in many climates, our cdte modules provide a significant energy yield advantage over conventional crystalline silicon solar modules of equivalent efficiency rating. for example, in humid climates, our cdte modules provide a superior spectral response, and in hot climates, our cdte modules provide a superior temperature coefficient. as a result, at temperatures above 25°c (standard test conditions), our cdte modules produce more energy than competing conventional crystalline silicon solar modules with an equivalent efficiency rating. this advantage provides stronger system performance in high temperature climates, which is particularly advantageous as the vast majority of a system's generation, on average (in typical high insolation climates), occurs when module temperatures are above 25°c. as a result, our pv solar power systems can produce more annual energy at a lower lcoe than competing systems with the same nameplate capacity.
while our modules and pv solar power systems are generally competitive in cost, reliability, and performance attributes, there can be no guarantee such competitiveness will continue to exist in the future to the same extent or at all. any declines in the competitiveness of our products could result in additional margin compression, further declines in the average selling prices of our modules and systems, erosion in our market share for modules and systems, decreases in the rate of net sales growth, and/or declines in overall net sales. we continue to focus on enhancing the competitiveness of our solar modules and pv solar power systems by accelerating progress along our module efficiency improvement and bos cost reduction roadmaps, continuing to make technological advances at the system level, leveraging volume procurement around standardized hardware platforms, using innovative installation techniques and know-how, and accelerating installation times to reduce labor costs.
as we continue to expand our systems business into key geographic markets, we can offer value beyond solar modules, reduce our exposure to module-only competition, provide differentiated product offerings to minimize the impact of solar module commoditization, and provide comprehensive utility-scale pv solar power system solutions that reduce solar electricity costs. thus, our systems business allows us to play a more active role than many of our competitors in managing the demand for our solar modules. finally, we continue to form and develop strong relationships with our customers and strategic partners around the world and continue to refine our product offerings, including epc capabilities and o&m services, in order to enhance the competitiveness of systems using our modules. for example, we have formed, and expect in the future to form, joint ventures or other business arrangements with project developers in certain strategic markets in order to provide our modules and utility-scale pv solar energy solutions to the projects developed by such ventures.
certain trends and uncertainties we believe that our operations may be favorably or unfavorably impacted by the following trends and uncertainties that may affect our financial condition and results of operations. see item 1a: "risk factors" and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for a discussion of other risks that may affect our financial condition and results of operations.
long term strategic plan, vision 2020
our long term strategic plan, vision 2020 is a long-term roadmap to achieve our growth objectives and our technology and cost leadership goals. in executing our long term strategic plan, we are focusing on providing utility-scale pv solar energy solutions using our modules to key geographic markets that we believe have a compelling need for mass-scale pv electricity, including markets throughout the americas, asia, the middle east, and africa. as part of our long term strategic plan, we are focusing on opportunities in which our pv solar energy solutions can compete directly with fossil fuel offerings on an lcoe or similar basis, or complement such fossil fuel electricity offerings. execution of the long term strategic plan entails a prioritization of market opportunities worldwide relative to our core strengths and a corresponding allocation of resources around the globe. this prioritization involves a focus on our core utility-scale offerings and exists within a current market environment that includes rooftop and distributed generation solar, particularly in the u.s. while it is unclear how rooftop and distributed generation solar might impact our core utility-scale offerings in the next several years, we believe that utility-scale solar will continue to be a compelling solar offering for companies with technology and cost leadership and will continue to represent an increasing portion of the overall electricity generation mix.
we are closely evaluating and managing the appropriate level of resources required as we pursue the most advantageous and cost effective projects and partnerships in our target markets. we have dedicated, and intend to continue to dedicate, significant capital and human resources to reduce the total installed cost of pv solar energy, to optimize the design and logistics around our pv solar energy solutions, and to ensure that our solutions integrate well into the overall electricity ecosystem of each specific market. we expect that, over time, an increasing portion of our consolidated net sales, operating income, and cash flows may come from solar offerings in the key geographic markets described above as we execute on our long term strategic plan. the timing, execution, and financial impacts of our long term strategic plan are subject to risks and uncertainties, as described in item 1a: "risk factors," and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. we are focusing our resources in those markets and energy applications in which solar power can be a least-cost, best-fit energy solution, particularly in regions with high solar resources, significant current or projected electricity demand, and/or relatively high existing electricity prices. as part of these efforts, we
48
continue to expand or reallocate resources globally, including business development, sales personnel, and other supporting professional staff in target markets. accordingly, we may shift current costs or incur additional costs over time as we establish a localized business presence in these target markets.
joint ventures or other strategic arrangements with partners are a key part of our long term strategic plan, and we generally use such arrangements to expedite our penetration of various key markets and establish relationships with potential customers. we also enter into joint ventures or strategic arrangements with customers or other entities to maximize the value of particular projects. some of these arrangements involve and are expected in the future to involve significant investments or other allocations of capital. we continue to develop relationships with policymakers, regulators, and end customers in these strategic markets with a view to creating opportunities for utility-scale pv solar power systems. we sell such systems directly to end customers, including utilities, independent power producers, commercial and industrial companies, and other system owners. depending on the market opportunity, our sales offerings may range from module-only sales, to module sales with a range of development, epc services, and other solutions, to full turn-key pv solar power system sales. we expect these offerings to continue to evolve over time as we work with our customers to optimize how our pv solar energy solutions can best meet our customers' energy and economic needs.
in order to create or maintain a market position in certain strategically targeted markets, our offerings from time to time may need to be competitively priced at levels associated with minimal gross profit margins, which may adversely affect our results of operations. we expect the profitability associated with our various sales offerings to vary from one another over time, and possibly vary from our internal long-range profitability expectations and targets, depending on the market opportunity and the relative competitiveness of our offerings compared with other energy solutions, fossil fuel-based or otherwise, that are available to potential customers. in addition, as we execute on our long term strategic plan, we will continue to monitor and adapt to any changing dynamics in the market set of potential buyers of solar project assets. market environments with few potential project buyers and a higher cost of capital would generally exert downward pressure on the potential revenue from the uncontracted solar project assets we are developing, whereas, conversely, market environments with many potential project buyers and a lower cost of capital would likely have a favorable impact on the potential revenue from such uncontracted solar project assets.
we expect to use our working capital, the availability under our revolving credit facility, or project financing to finance the construction of certain pv solar power systems for strategic purposes or to maximize the value of such systems at the time of sale. from time to time, we may temporarily own and operate certain pv solar power systems, often with the intention to sell at a later date. we may also elect to construct and temporarily retain ownership interests in systems for which there is no ppa with an off-taker, such as a utility, but rather an intent to sell the electricity produced by the system on an open contract basis until the system is sold. we also continue to assess and pursue business arrangements that provide access to a lower cost of capital and optimize the value of our projects. business arrangements that provide a competitive cost of capital and other benefits relating to the project sales process, such as our recently formed yieldco (as described below and under the heading "8point3 energy partners lp"), have been used increasingly by renewable energy companies. additionally, our joint ventures and other business arrangements with strategic partners have and may in the future result in us temporarily retaining a noncontrolling ownership interest in the underlying systems projects we develop, supply modules to, or construct potentially for a period of up to several years. such business arrangements could become increasingly important to our competitive profile in markets globally, including north america. in each of the above mentioned examples, we may retain such ownership interests in a consolidated or unconsolidated separate entity.
8point3 energy partners lp as previously disclosed in a current report on form 8-k filed with the sec on june 30, 2015, 8point3 energy partners lp (the "partnership"), a limited partnership formed by first solar and sunpower (the "sponsors"), completed its initial public offering (the "ipo") in june 2015. as part of the ipo, we contributed various projects to a subsidiary of the partnership in exchange for a 31% interest in the entity. we also received a distribution of $283.7 million following the ipo. the partnership owns, operates, and is expected to acquire additional solar energy generation projects from the sponsors and is expected to provide a competitive cost of capital and greater optionality in the project sales process. the partnership's initial project portfolio includes interests in more than 0.4 gw of various solar energy generation projects, and the partnership also has rights of first offer on interests in over 1.1 gw of additional solar energy generation projects that are currently contracted or are expected to be contracted prior to being sold by the sponsors. given the broader economic factors currently impacting the yieldco sector in general, including yieldco equity valuations generally, the timing and execution of asset drop downs to the partnership are subject to market conditions. for additional information, see item 1a: "risk factors - we may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the formation of 8point3 energy partners lp, on a timely basis or at all" and "note 12. investments in unconsolidated affiliates and joint ventures - 8point3 energy partners lp" of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
49
construction of some of the world's largest pv solar power systems we continue to execute on our advanced-stage utility-scale project pipeline and expect a substantial portion of our consolidated net sales, operating income, and cash flows through 2016 to be derived from several large projects in this pipeline, including the following contracted projects which will be among the world's largest pv solar power systems: the 300 mw desert stateline project, located in san bernardino county, california; the 250 mw mccoy solar energy project, located in riverside county, california; the 250 mw silver state south project, located in clark county, nevada; the 175 mw astoria project, located in kern county, california; and the 150 mw imperial solar energy center west project, located in imperial county, california. our advanced stage utility-scale project pipeline also includes the following projects which are not yet sold or contracted: the 280 mw california flats project, located in monterey county, california; the 250 mw moapa project, located in clark county, nevada; the 150 mw rosamond project located in kern county, california; the 150 mw sun streams project, located in maricopa county, arizona; and the 141 mw luz del norte project located near copiapó, chile. please see the tables under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - systems project pipeline" for additional information about these and other projects within our systems business advanced-stage project pipeline. the construction progress of these projects is subject to risks and delays as described in item 1a: "risk factors," and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. revenue recognition for these and other system projects is in many cases not linear in nature due to the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria are met, and consequently, period-over-period comparisons of results of operations may not be meaningful. expected revenue from projects without a ppa, for which electricity will be sold on an open contract basis, may be subject to greater variability and uncertainty based on market factors compared to projects with a ppa.
systems project pipeline the following tables summarize, as of february 23, 2016, our approximately 3.8 gw systems business advanced-stage project pipeline. as of december 31, 2015, for the projects sold/under contract in our advanced-stage project pipeline of approximately 1.6 gw, we have recognized revenue with respect to the equivalent of approximately 0.9 gw. such mw equivalent amount refers to the ratio of revenue recognized for the projects sold/under contract compared to the total contracted revenue for such projects, multiplied by the total mw for such projects. the remaining revenue to be recognized subsequent to december 31, 2015 for the projects sold/under contract is expected to be approximately $1.7 billion. the majority of such amount is expected to be recognized as revenue through the later of the substantial completion or closing dates of the projects. the remaining revenue to be recognized does not have a direct correlation to expected remaining module shipments for such projects sold/under contract as expected module shipments do not represent total systems revenues and do not consider the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria are met, including the timing of module installation. the actual volume of modules installed in our projects sold/under contract will be greater than the project size in mw ac as module volumes required for a project are based upon mw dc, which will be greater than the mw ac size pursuant to a dc-ac ratio typically ranging from 1.2 to 1.3. such ratio varies across different projects due to various system design factors. projects are removed from our advanced-stage project pipeline tables below once we have substantially completed construction and after substantially all revenue has been recognized. projects or portions of projects may also be removed from the tables below in the event an epc-contracted or partner-developed project does not get permitting or financing or an unsold or uncontracted project does not get sold or contracted due to the changing economics of the project or other factors.
we continually seek to make additions to our advanced-stage project pipeline. we are actively developing our early to mid-stage project pipeline in order to secure ppas and are also pursuing opportunities to acquire advanced-stage projects, which already have ppas in place. new additions to our project pipeline during the period from february 25, 2015 to february 23, 2016 included 250 mw ac of solar power projects in california, 279 mw ac of solar power projects in nevada, a 150 mw ac solar power project in arizona, a 119 mw ac solar power project in texas, a 103 mw ac solar power project in georgia, 99 mw ac of solar power projects in japan, 55 mw ac of solar power projects in india, a 26 mw ac solar power project in honduras, and an 18 mw ac solar power project in turkey.
50
projects sold/under contract
(includes uncompleted sold projects, projects under sales contracts subject to conditions precedent, and epc agreements including partner developed projects that we will be or are constructing.)
as of december 31, 2015
project/location                                  project size in mw ac (1)   ppa contracted partner   epc contract/partner developed project   expected year revenue recognition will be completed by   percentage complete   percentage of revenue recognized stateline, california                                    300                  sce                      southern company (2)                                                                       2016                   65%                                63%
mccoy, california                                        250                  sce                      nextera                                                                                    2016                   76%                                76%
silver state south, nevada                               250                  sce                      nextera                                                                                    2016                   70%                                63%
astoria, california                                      175                  (3)                      recurrent                                                                                  2016                   28%                                24%
imperial solar energy center west, california            150                  sdg&amp;e                tenaska                                                                                    2016                   98%                                98%
taylor, georgia                                          147                  (4)                      southern company                                                                           2016                    4%                                 4%
butler, georgia                                          103                  georgia power            southern company                                                                           2016                    2%                                 -%
decatur parkway solar, georgia                            83                  georgia power            southern company                                                                           2016                   97%                                97%
shams ma'an, jordan                                       53                  nepco (5)                (3)                                                                                        2016                   14%                                 -%
seville, california                                       52                  seville solar            seville solar                                                                              2016                   97%                                97%
elm city, north carolina                                  40                  uog (6)                  duke                                                                                       2016                   83%                                83%
portal ridge, california                                  31                  pg&amp;e/sce (13)        (7)                                                                                        2016                   (7)                                (7)
total                                                  1,634
51
projects with executed ppa not sold/not contracted project/location               fully permitted     project size in mw ac (1)   ppa contracted partner                                expected or actual substantial completion year   percentage complete as of december 31, 2015
tribal solar                   no                         310                  sce                                                                                             2019                                            1%
california flats, california   no                         280                  pg&amp;e/apple inc. (8)                                                                         2018                                           11%
moapa, nevada                  yes                        250                  ladwp                                                                                           2016                                           71%
india (multiple locations)     no                         190                  tsspdcl / apspdcl (9)                                                                           2016                                           20%
rosamond, california           yes                        150                  sce                                                                                             2019                                            7%
sun streams, arizona           yes                        150                  sce                                                                                             2019                                            2%
luz del norte, chile           yes                        141                  (10)                                                                                            2016                                           96%
east pecos solar, texas        no                         119                  austin energy                                                                                   2016                                            2%
willow springs, california     no                         100                  sce                                                                                             2019                                           15%
sunshine valley, nevada        yes                        100                  sce                                                                                             2019                                            1%
switch station 1, nevada       no                         100                  nevada power company                                                                            2017                                            9%
switch station 2, nevada       no                          79                  nevada power company / sierra pacific power company                                             2017                                            -%
japan                          yes                         59                  (3)                                                                                        2017/2018                                            4%
miyagi, japan                  no                          40                  tohoku electric power company                                                                   2018                                            7%
cuyama, california             yes                         40                  pg&amp;e                                                                                        2017                                           22%
kingbird, california           yes                         40                  scppa /city of pasadena (11)                                                                    2016                                           91%
turkey (multiple locations)    no                          31                  (12)                                                                                            2018                                            3%
total                                                   2,179
(1)   the volume of modules installed in mw dc will be higher than the mw ac size pursuant to a dc-ac ratio typically ranging from 1.2 to 1.3; such ratio varies across different projects due to various system design factors
(2)   controlling interest in the project sold to southern company in august 2015
(3)   contracted but not specified
(4)   ppa contracted partners include cobb electric membership corporation, flint electric membership corporation, and sawnee electric membership corporation
(5)   nepco is defined as national electric power company, the country of jordan's regulatory authority for power generation and distribution and a consortium of investors
(6)   uog is defined as utility owned generation
(7)   project sold under a development agreement in february 2016
(8)   pg&amp;e 150 mw ac and apple inc. 130 mw ac
(9)   tsspdcl is defined as southern power distribution company of telangana state ltd and consists of 110 mw ac of projects; and apspdcl is defined as andhra pradesh southern power distribution company ltd and consists of 80 mw ac of projects
(10)   no ppa - electricity to be sold on an open contract basis
(11)   scppa is defined as southern california public power authority; scppa 20 mw ac and city of pasadena 20 mw ac
(12)   electricity expected to be sold under feed-in-tariff structure for ten years, pending acquisition of certain licenses
(13)   pg&amp;e 11 mw ac and sce 20 mw ac
52
results of operations during 2015, we revised our previously issued financial statements from 2011 to 2014 to properly record a liability associated with an uncertain tax position related to income of a foreign subsidiary. additional revisions were made for previously identified errors that were corrected in a period subsequent to the period in which the error originated. all financial information presented herein was revised to reflect the correction of these errors. see note 1 "first solar and its business - revision of previously issued financial statements" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
the following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations as a percentage of net sales for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended december 31,
2015               2014               2013
net sales                                                         100.0     %        100.0     %        100.0     %
cost of sales                                                      74.3     %         75.7     %         73.9     %
gross profit                                                       25.7     %         24.3     %         26.1     %
research and development                                            3.6     %          4.2     %          4.1     %
selling, general and administrative                                 7.1     %          7.5     %          8.2     %
production start-up                                                 0.5     %          0.2     %          0.1     %
restructuring and asset impairments                                   -     %            -     %          2.6     %
operating income                                                   14.4     %         12.4     %         11.2     %
foreign currency (loss) gain, net                                  (0.2    )%            -     %            -     %
interest income                                                     0.6     %          0.5     %          0.5     %
interest expense, net                                              (0.2    )%         (0.1    )%         (0.1    )%
other expense, net                                                 (0.2    )%         (0.1    )%         (0.2    )%
income tax benefit (expense)                                        0.2     %         (0.9    )%         (0.9    )%
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax         0.6     %         (0.1    )%            -     %
net income                                                         15.3     %         11.7     %         10.6     %
segment overview we operate our business in two segments. our components segment involves the design, manufacture, and sale of solar modules which convert sunlight into electricity, and our systems segment includes the development, construction, operation, and maintenance of pv solar power systems, which primarily use our solar modules.
see note 23 "segment and geographical information" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k. see also item 7: "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - systems project pipeline" for a description of the system projects in our advanced-stage project pipeline.
product revenue the following table sets forth the total amounts of solar module and solar power system net sales for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013. for the purpose of the following table, (i) solar module revenue is composed of total net sales from the sale of solar modules to third parties, and (ii) solar power system revenue is composed of total net sales from the sale of pv solar power systems and related services and solutions including the solar modules installed in the systems we develop and construct along with revenue generated from such systems (in thousands):
2015                    2014                    2013
solar module revenue                  $227,461                $228,319                $380,869
solar power system revenue           3,351,534               3,162,868               2,928,747
net sales                           $3,578,995              $3,391,187              $3,309,616
53
solar module revenue to third parties decreased by $0.9 million during 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to a 10% decrease in the average selling price per watt, partially offset by an 11% increase in the volume of watts sold.
solar power system revenue increased by $188.7 million during 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to higher revenue from module plus transactions. our net sales for 2015 also included the sale of majority interests in the partially constructed desert stateline project and north star project and higher revenue from our silver state south, mccoy, and imperial energy center west projects, which commenced construction in late 2014. these 2015 net sales were offset by lower revenue from the completion, or substantial completion, of our desert sunlight, solar gen 2, topaz, and campo verde projects in 2014.
solar module revenue to third parties decreased by $152.6 million during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of a 26% decrease in the volume of watts sold and a 19% decrease in the average selling price per watt.
solar power system revenue increased by $234.1 million during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of the number and size of projects under construction between these periods as well as the timing of when all the revenue recognition criteria was met. specifically, the increase was attributable to higher revenue from the partial sale of our solar gen 2 project, the sale of our campo verde and macho springs projects, and the commencement of construction and related revenue recognition on multiple projects in california and our agl nyngan project in australia. these increases were partially offset by decreases in systems business project revenue from our desert sunlight project as it neared substantial completion, our completed first phase of the imperial solar energy center south project and our completed amherstburg, belmont, walpole, and agua caliente projects.
net sales components business we generally price and sell our solar modules per watt of nameplate power. during 2015, a significant portion of net sales for the components business related to modules included in our pv solar power systems described below under "net sales - systems business." other than the modules included in our systems, we sold the majority of our solar modules to integrators and operators of systems in india and great britain.
from time to time we enter into module sales agreements with customers worldwide for specific projects or volumes of modules. such agreements are generally short-term in nature. during 2015, 11% and 8% of our components business net sales, excluding modules installed in our pv solar power systems, were denominated in british pounds and euros, respectively, and were subject to fluctuations in the exchange rate between such currencies and the u.s. dollar.
under our standard sales contracts for solar modules, we transfer title and risk of loss to the customer and recognize revenue upon shipment. pricing is typically fixed or determinable at the time of shipment, and our customers generally do not have extended payment terms or rights of return under these contracts. our revenue recognition policies for the components business are described further in note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k.
during 2015, southern power company; strata solar, llc; and nextera energy, inc. each accounted for more than 10% of our components business' net sales, which includes the solar modules used in our systems projects.
systems business through our fully integrated systems business, we provide complete turn-key pv solar power systems, or solar solutions, which may include project development, epc services, and/or o&m services. additionally, we may temporarily own and operate certain of our pv solar power systems, which are also included within our systems business. we typically use the percentage-of-completion method using actual costs incurred over total estimated costs to construct a project (including module costs) as our standard accounting policy and apply this method after all revenue recognition criteria have been met. there are also instances in which we recognize revenue after a project has been completed, primarily due to a project not being sold prior to completion or because all revenue recognition criteria are not met until the project is completed. our revenue recognition policies for the systems business are described in further detail in note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k.
during 2015, the majority of our systems business net sales were generated in north america, and the principal customers of our systems business were nextera energy, inc. and southern power company, each of which accounted for more than 10% of the segment's net sales.
54
the following table shows net sales by reportable segment for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                                 change
(dollars in thousands)   2015                    2014                    2013                                     2015 over 2014                       2014 over 2013
components                      $1,389,579              $1,102,674              $1,173,947          $286,905             26    %         $(71,273    )        (6   )%
systems                          2,189,416               2,288,513               2,135,669           (99,097    )        (4   )%          152,844              7    %
net sales                       $3,578,995              $3,391,187              $3,309,616          $187,808              6    %          $81,571              2    %
net sales from our components segment, which includes solar modules used in our systems projects, increased by $286.9 million in 2015 primarily due to a 33% increase in the volume of watts sold, partially offset by a 5% decrease in the average selling price per watt. net sales from our systems segment, which excludes solar modules used in our systems projects, decreased by $99.1 million in 2015 primarily as a result of lower revenue from the completion, or substantial completion, of our desert sunlight, solar gen 2, topaz, and campo verde projects in 2014. these decreases were partially offset by the sale of majority interests in the partially constructed desert stateline project and north star project, and higher revenue from our silver state south, mccoy, and imperial solar energy center west projects, which commenced construction in late 2014.
net sales from our components segment, which includes solar modules used in our systems projects, decreased by $71.3 million in 2014 primarily due to a 12% decrease in the average selling price per watt, partially offset by a 7% increase in the volume of watts sold. net sales from our systems segment, which excludes solar modules used in our systems projects, increased by $152.8 million in 2014 primarily as a result of the number and size of projects under construction between these periods as well as the timing of when all the revenue recognition criteria have been met. specifically, the increase was attributable to higher revenue from the partial sale of our solar gen 2 project, the sale of our campo verde and macho springs projects, and the commencement of construction and related revenue recognition on multiple projects in california and our agl nyngan project in australia. these increases were partially offset by decreases in systems business project revenue from our desert sunlight project as it neared substantial completion, our completed first phase of the imperial solar energy center south project and our completed amherstburg, belmont, walpole, and agua caliente projects.
cost of sales components business our cost of sales includes the cost of raw materials and components for manufacturing solar modules, such as glass, transparent conductive coatings, cadmium telluride and other thin-film semiconductors, laminate materials, connector assemblies, edge seal materials, and other materials and components. in addition, our cost of sales includes direct labor for the manufacturing of solar modules and manufacturing overhead such as engineering, equipment maintenance, environmental health and safety, quality and production control, information technology, and procurement costs. our cost of sales also includes depreciation of manufacturing plant and equipment, facility-related expenses, and costs associated with shipping, warranties, and our solar module collection and recycling obligation (excluding accretion).
as further described in note 23 "segment and geographical information" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included within this annual report on form 10-k, we include the sale of our solar modules manufactured by our components business and used by our systems business within net sales of our components business. therefore, the related cost of sales is also included within our components business.
systems business for our systems business, project-related costs include standard epc costs (consisting primarily of bos costs for inverters, electrical and mounting hardware, project management and engineering costs, and construction labor costs), site specific costs, and development costs (including nonrefundable transmission upgrade costs, interconnection fees, and permitting costs).
55
the following table shows cost of sales by reportable segment for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                               change
(dollars in thousands)                    2015                    2014                    2013                  2015 over 2014                       2014 over 2013
components                      $1,041,726              $1,009,164              $1,085,441         $32,562              3    %         $(76,277    )        (7   )%
systems                          1,618,002               1,557,082               1,359,543          60,920              4    %          197,539             15    %
cost of sales                   $2,659,728              $2,566,246              $2,444,984         $93,482              4    %         $121,262              5    %
% of net sales                        74.3   %                75.7   %                73.9   %
our cost of sales increased $93.5 million, or 4%, and decreased 1.4 percentage points as a percentage of net sales when comparing 2015 with 2014. the increase in cost of sales was driven by a $60.9 million increase in our systems segment cost of sales primarily due to a mix of lower gross profit system projects sold or under construction during the period. our components segment cost of sales increased by a $32.6 million primarily as a result of the following:
•   higher costs of $309.4 million associated with the increased volume of modules sold as part of our systems business projects; partially offset by
•   continued manufacturing cost reductions of $135.1 million;
•   a reduction in our module collection and recycling obligation of $69.6 million resulting from the implementation of advanced recycling technologies, which significantly increased the throughput of modules able to be recycled at a point in time, along with other material and labor cost reductions; and
•   lower underutilization penalties of $55.0 million due to the improved capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities. during 2015, we ran our factories at approximately 92% capacity utilization, which represented an 11.0 percentage point increase from 2014.
our costs of sales increased $121.3 million, or 5%, and increased 1.8 percentage points as a percentage of net sales when comparing 2014 with 2013. the increase in cost of sales was primarily due to a $197.5 million increase in our systems segment cost of sales primarily for bos components and other construction and development costs related to the number of projects and the timing of when all revenue recognition criteria were met along with a mix of higher cost projects. these increases were partially offset by a $76.3 million reduction in cost of sales for our components segment primarily due to the following:
•   continued manufacturing cost reductions of $164.9 million and
•lower inventory write-off and asset impairment charges of $16.8 million; partially offset by
•higher costs of $67.9 million associated with increased solar module sales volumes and
•a reduction in our module collection and recycling obligation of $43.3 million recorded during 2013.
gross profit gross profit is affected by numerous factors, including the selling prices of our modules and systems, our manufacturing costs, bos costs, project development costs, the capacity utilization of our manufacturing facilities, and foreign exchange rates. gross profit is also affected by the mix of net sales generated by our components and systems businesses. gross profit for our systems business excludes the net sales and cost of sales for solar modules used in our systems projects as these amounts are included in the gross profit of our components business.
the following table shows gross profit for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                               change
(dollars in thousands)                  2015                  2014                  2013                  2015 over 2014      2014 over 2013
gross profit                    $919,267              $824,941              $864,632         $94,326             11    %      $(39,691      )         (5   )%
% of net sales                      25.7   %              24.3   %              26.1   %
gross profit as a percentage of net sales increased by 1.4 percentage points during 2015 compared with 2014 primarily due to a reduction in our module collection and recycling obligation and improved utilization of our manufacturing facilities. gross profit as a percentage of net sales decreased by 1.8 percentage point during 2014 compared with 2013 primarily due to a mix of lower gross profit projects sold and under construction in 2014 and an adjustment for lower estimated recycling costs recorded in 2013. these decreases in gross profit were partially offset by favorable changes in estimated costs on systems projects accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method, a lower volume of third-party module net sales, which generally have margins less than systems business projects, and improved utilization of our manufacturing facilities.
56
research and development research and development expense consists primarily of salaries and personnel-related costs, the cost of products, materials, and outside services used in our process and product research and development activities for both the components and systems businesses, and depreciation and amortization expense associated with research and development specific facilities and equipment. the majority of our research and development expense is attributable to our components segment. we maintain a number of programs and activities to improve our technology and processes in order to enhance the performance and reduce the costs of our solar modules and pv solar power systems using our modules.
the following table shows research and development expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended   change
(dollars in thousands)                    2015                  2014                  2013   2015 over 2014                                      2014 over 2013
research and development          $130,593              $143,969              $134,300       $(13,376      )         (9   )%         $9,669              7    %
% of net sales                         3.6   %               4.2   %               4.1   %
the decrease in our research and development expense during 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to reduced material and module testing costs associated with the development of next-generation cdte solar modules and lower costs for outside services, partially offset by higher employee compensation expense. during 2015, the average conversion efficiency of our cdte solar modules produced was 15.6% compared to 14.0% in 2014.
the increase in our research and development expense during 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily attributable to additional costs related to the development of our next-generation cdte solar modules, our joint collaboration agreement with ge to further advance our cdte solar technology, and higher employee compensation costs. during 2014, the average conversion efficiency of our cdte solar modules was 14.0% compared to 13.2% in 2013.
selling, general and administrative selling, general and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and other personnel-related costs, professional fees, insurance costs, travel expenses, and other business development and selling expenses. our components and systems businesses each have their own dedicated administrative key functions, such as accounting, legal, finance, project finance, human resources, procurement, and marketing. costs for these functions are recorded and included within selling, general and administrative expense of the respective segment. our key corporate support functions consist primarily of company-wide tax, treasury, accounting, legal, finance, investor relations, information technology, communications, government relations, and executive management. these corporate functions and the assets supporting such functions benefit both the components and systems segments. we allocate corporate costs to the components and systems segments as part of selling, general and administrative costs based upon the estimated benefits provided to each segment from these corporate functions. we determine the estimated benefits provided to each segment for these corporate costs based upon a combination of the estimated time spent by corporate employees supporting each segment and the average relative selling, general and administrative costs incurred by each segment before such corporate allocations.
the following table shows selling, general and administrative expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                               change
(dollars in thousands)                               2015                  2014                  2013                  2015 over 2014      2014 over 2013
selling, general and administrative          $255,192              $253,827              $270,261          $1,365              1   %       $(16,434      )         (6   )%
% of net sales                                    7.1   %               7.5   %               8.2   %
our selling, general and administrative expenses increased by $1.4 million, or 1%, and were 7.1% and 7.5% as a percentage of net sales, when comparing 2015 with 2014, respectively. the increase was mainly attributable to higher employee compensation expense and higher professional fees associated with the initial public offering of 8point3 energy partners lp, partially offset by lower project development expense and lower accretion expense associated with the reduction in our module collection and recycling obligation.
57
our selling, general and administrative expenses decreased by $16.4 million, or 6%, and were 7.5% and 8.2% as a percentage of net sales, when comparing 2014 with 2013, respectively. the most significant items affecting our selling, general and administrative costs during 2014 and 2013 are as follows:
•   lower depreciation and amortization expense of $14.4 million primarily due to accelerated depreciation for certain leasehold improvements and the sale of our mesa facility in 2013 and
•   lower employee compensation and benefits expense of $5.4 million primarily as a result of lower incentive and share-based compensation; partially offset by
•   higher business development expense of $4.0 million driven by our expansion into certain key geographic markets.
production start-up production start-up expense consists primarily of employee compensation and other costs associated with operating a production line before it has been qualified for full production, including the cost of raw materials for solar modules run through the production line during the qualification phase. costs related to equipment upgrades and implementation of manufacturing process improvements are also included in production start-up expense as well as costs related to the selection of a new site, including related legal and regulatory costs, and costs to maintain our plant replication program, to the extent we cannot capitalize these expenditures. in general, we expect production start-up expense per production line to be higher when we build an entirely new manufacturing facility compared with the addition of new production lines at an existing manufacturing facility, primarily due to the additional infrastructure investment required when building an entirely new facility. production start-up expense is attributable to our components segment.
the following table shows production start-up expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                             change
(dollars in thousands)                2015                2014                2013                  2015 over 2014                     2014 over 2013
production start-up            $16,818              $5,146              $2,768         $11,672            227   %          $2,378             86    %
% of net sales                     0.5   %             0.2   %             0.1   %
during 2015 and 2014, our production start-up expense related to the commencement of our tetrasun operations at our manufacturing facility in kulim, malaysia. our tetrasun operations involve the manufacturing of crystalline silicon solar modules with proprietary high-power density, mono-crystalline technology. these production start-up activities commenced during the third quarter of 2014. during 2015, we also incurred start-up expenses related to a manufacturing line at our facility in perrysburg, ohio. production start-up expense for 2013 was primarily for global manufacturing personnel dedicated to plant expansion, new equipment installations, equipment upgrades, and process improvements for both new and existing plants.
restructuring and asset impairments restructuring and asset impairment expense includes those expenses incurred related to material restructuring initiatives and includes severance and employee termination costs that are directly related to such restructuring initiatives, costs associated with contract terminations, and other restructuring related costs. these restructuring initiatives are intended to align the organization with current business conditions and to reduce costs.
the following table shows restructuring and asset impairment expense for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                     change
(dollars in thousands)                2015            2014                         2013   2015 over 2014                   2014 over 2013
restructuring and asset impairments       $-              $-                $86,896       $-                  -    %       $(86,896      )         (100   )%
% of net sales                            -       %       -       %             2.6   %
58
during 2013, our restructuring and asset impairment expense included $5.2 million related to restructuring initiatives associated with the closure of our german manufacturing plants and our decision not to move forward with our previously planned four-line manufacturing plant in vietnam. additionally, during 2013 we recorded an asset impairment charge of $56.5 million related to the agreement to sell our mesa, arizona facility and an additional $25.2 million impairment charge to adjust the carrying value of our plant in vietnam. the effect of these asset impairments reduced the book values of both our mesa, arizona facility and vietnam plant to their respective fair values, less costs to sell. see note 4 "asset impairments" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
foreign currency (loss) gain, net foreign currency (loss) gain, net consists of the net effect of gains and losses resulting from holding assets and liabilities and conducting transactions denominated in currencies other than our subsidiaries' functional currencies.
the following table shows foreign currency (loss) gain, net for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                           change
(dollars in thousands)              2015                2014                2013              2015 over 2014                     2014 over 2013
foreign currency (loss) gain, net       $(6,868     )       $(1,461     )          $893       $(5,407     )        370    %      $(2,354     )         (264   )%
foreign currency loss increased during 2015 compared with 2014. the increase was primarily due to differences between our economic hedge positions and the underlying exposures along with changes in foreign currency rates, which included the strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to certain foreign currencies. foreign currency loss increased during 2014 compared with 2013, primarily due to differences between our economic hedge positions and the underlying exposure along with changes in foreign currency rates.
interest income interest income is earned on our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, and restricted cash and investments. interest income also includes interest earned from notes receivable and late customer payments.
the following table shows interest income for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                             change
(dollars in thousands)   2015                2014                2013                               2015 over 2014                     2014 over 2013
interest income                $22,516             $18,030             $16,752          $4,486             25    %         $1,278              8    %
interest income during 2015 increased compared to 2014 primarily as a result of higher average balances of notes receivable due from affiliates. interest income during 2014 was consistent with 2013.
interest expense, net interest expense is incurred on various debt financings. we capitalize interest expense into our project assets or property, plant and equipment when such costs qualify for interest capitalization, which reduces the amount of net interest expense reported in any given period.
the following table shows interest expense, net for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                             change
(dollars in thousands)   2015                2014                2013                2015 over 2014                     2014 over 2013
interest expense, net        $(6,975     )       $(1,982     )       $(1,884     )   $(4,993     )        252    %      $(98      )          5    %
interest expense, net of amounts capitalized increased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of higher levels of project specific debt financings. interest expense, net of amounts capitalized during 2014 was consistent with 2013.
59
other expense, net other expense, net is primarily comprised of miscellaneous items, amounts excluded from hedge effectiveness, and realized gains and losses on the sale of marketable securities.
the following table shows other expense, net for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                             change
(dollars in thousands)   2015                2014                2013                2015 over 2014                                   2014 over 2013
other expense, net           $(5,502     )       $(4,485     )       $(5,189     )   $(1,017     )         23    %         $704             (14   )%
other expense, net in 2015 was consistent with other expense, net in 2014 and 2013.
income before taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates the following table shows income before taxes and equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                                    change
(dollars in thousands)      2015                  2014                  2013                                     2015 over 2014                        2014 over 2013
components                         $171,817             $(105,531   )          (221,230   )      $277,348             (263   )%         $115,699             (52   )%
systems                             348,018               537,632               602,209          (189,614    )         (35   )%          (64,577    )        (11   )%
total income before taxes          $519,835              $432,101              $380,979           $87,734               20    %          $51,122              13    %
components segment income before taxes increased by $277.3 million during 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to the increase in net sales resulting from higher volumes of module sold as part of systems projects, the reduction in our module collection and recycling obligation, improved utilization of our manufacturing assets, and lower selling, general and administrative expense. systems segment income before income taxes decreased by $189.6 million during 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of the decrease in net sales, a mix of lower gross profit systems projects sold or under construction during the period, and higher selling, general and administrative expense.
components segment loss before income taxes decreased by $115.7 million during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to lower restructuring and asset impairment charges related to the sale of our facility in mesa, arizona and a decrease in selling, general and administrative expense mainly driven by less depreciation and amortization expense for certain leasehold improvements and our mesa facility. these reductions were partially offset by a reduction in our module collection and recycling obligation recorded during 2013. systems segment income before income taxes decreased $64.6 million during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of a mix of lower gross profit systems projects sold and under construction in 2014 and higher selling, general and administrative expense. these items were partially offset by favorable changes in estimated costs on systems projects accounted for under the percentage-of-completion method.
income tax benefit (expense)
income tax expense, deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect our best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. we are subject to income taxes in both the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions in which we operate; principally australia, germany, and malaysia. significant judgments and estimates are required in determining our consolidated income tax expense. in malaysia, we have been granted a long-term tax holiday, scheduled to expire in 2027, pursuant to which substantially all of our income earned in malaysia is exempt from income tax.
the following table shows income tax benefit (expense) for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                               change
(dollars in thousands)         2015                                2014                  2013                    2015 over 2014      2014 over 2013
income tax benefit (expense)          $6,156               $(31,188   )          $(30,098   )     $37,344             (120   )%      $(1,090     )          4    %
effective tax rate                      (1.2   )%               7.2   %               7.9   %
60
income tax expense decreased by $37.3 million during 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease in income tax expense was primarily the result of a $41.7 million discrete tax benefit associated with the receipt of a private letter ruling during the period. see note 20 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
income tax expense increased by $1.1 million during 2014 compared with 2013. the increase in income tax expense was primarily attributable to an increase in pretax book income earned in higher tax jurisdictions in 2014, partially offset by a discrete tax benefit due to the expiration of the statute of limitations for various uncertain tax positions. see note 20 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax represents our proportionate share of the earnings and losses of unconsolidated affiliates with whom we have made equity method investments.
the following table shows equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
years ended                                                                 change
(dollars in thousands)           2015             2014             2013                            2015 over 2014      2014 over 2013
equity in earnings, net of tax       20,430           (4,949   )       (163   )     $25,379             (513   )%      $(4,786     )         (100   )%
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates, net of tax increased during 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of our investment in 8point3 operating company, llc, a subsidiary of 8point3 energy partners lp, along with the impairments of certain investments during 2014. losses from unconsolidated affiliates increased during 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the impairments of certain investments.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2015, we believe that our cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash flows from operating activities including the contracted portion of our advanced-stage project pipeline, availability under our revolving credit facility considering minimum liquidity covenant requirements, and access to the capital markets will be sufficient to meet our working capital, systems project investment, and capital expenditure needs for at least the next 12 months. we monitor our working capital to ensure we have adequate liquidity, both domestically and internationally. additionally, we have an active shelf registration statement filed with the sec for the issuance of debt or equity securities if needed.
we intend to maintain appropriate debt levels based upon cash flow expectations, our overall cost of capital, and expected cash requirements for operations, capital expenditures, and discretionary strategic spending. in the future, we may also engage in additional debt or equity financings, including project specific debt financings. we believe that when necessary, we will have adequate access to the capital markets, although our ability to raise capital on terms commercially acceptable to us could be constrained if there is insufficient lender or investor interest due to industry-wide or company-specific concerns. such financings could result in increased debt service expenses or dilution to our existing stockholders.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $1.8 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities compared with $2.0 billion as of december 31, 2014. cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities as of december 31, 2015 decreased primarily as the result of financing the construction of certain solar power projects. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, $1.5 billion and $1.4 billion, respectively, of our cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities were held by foreign subsidiaries and were generally based in u.s. dollar and euro denominated holdings. we utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed.
our expanding systems business requires liquidity and is expected to continue to have significant liquidity requirements in the future. the net amount of our project assets, deferred project costs, billings in excess of costs and estimated earnings, and payments and billings for deferred project costs, which approximates our net capital investment in the development and construction of systems projects as of december 31, 2015 was $1.2 billion. solar power project development and construction cycles, which span the time between the identification of a site location and the commercial operation of a system, vary substantially and can take many years to mature. as a result of these long project cycles and strategic decisions to finance the construction of certain projects, we may need to make significant up-front investments of resources in advance of the receipt of any cash from the sale
61
of such projects. these up-front investments may include using our working capital, the availability under our revolving credit facility, or entering into project financing arrangements to finance the construction of our systems projects. for example, we may have to complete, or substantially complete, the construction of a systems project before such project is sold. delays in construction progress or in completing the sale of our systems projects that we are self-financing may also impact our liquidity. we have historically financed these up-front systems project investments primarily using working capital. in certain circumstances, we may need to finance construction costs exclusively using working capital, if project financing becomes unavailable due to market-wide, regional, or other concerns.
we are partnering with local developers on project development in markets around the world where we may take an equity stake in a project for a number of years. we are also self-developing projects in such markets where we may hold all or a significant portion of the equity in the projects for several years. given the duration of these investments and the currency risk relative to the u.s. dollar in some of these new markets, we continue to explore local financing alternatives. should these financing alternatives be unavailable or too cost prohibitive, we could be exposed to significant currency risk and our liquidity could be adversely impacted.
additionally, we may elect to retain an ownership interest in certain systems projects after they become operational if we determine it would be of economic and strategic benefit to do so. if, for example, we cannot sell a systems project at economics that are attractive to us or potential customers are unwilling to assume the risks and rewards typical of pv solar power system ownership, we may instead elect to temporarily own and operate such systems until we can sell the systems on economically attractive terms. as with traditional electricity generating assets, the selling price of a pv solar power system could be higher at or post-completion to reflect the elimination of construction and performance risks and other uncertainties. the decision to retain ownership of a system impacts liquidity depending upon the size and cost of the project. as of december 31, 2015, we had $93.7 million of pv solar power systems that have been placed in service. we may elect to enter into temporary or long-term project financing to reduce the impact on our liquidity and working capital. we also formed a limited partnership yieldco vehicle described under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - certain trends and uncertainties - 8point3 energy partners lp" and may consider entering into tax equity or other arrangements with respect to ownership interests in certain of our projects, which could cause a portion of the economics of such projects to be recognized over time.
the following additional considerations have impacted or may impact our liquidity in 2016 and beyond:
•   the amount of accounts receivable, unbilled and retainage as of december 31, 2015 was $59.2 million, which included $40.2 million of unbilled amounts. these unbilled accounts receivable represent revenue that has been recognized in advance of billing the customer under the terms of the underlying construction contracts. such construction costs have been funded with working capital, and the unbilled amounts are expected to be billed and collected from customers during the next 12 months. once we meet the billing criteria under a construction contract, we bill our customers accordingly and reclassify the accounts receivable, unbilled and retainage to accounts receivable trade, net. the amount of accounts receivable, unbilled and retainage as of december 31, 2015 also included $19.0 million of retainage, which represents the portion of a systems project contract price earned by us for work performed, but held for payment by our customer as a form of security until we reach certain construction milestones. such retainage amounts relate to construction costs incurred and construction work already performed.
•   the amount of solar module inventory and bos parts as of december 31, 2015 was $446.3 million. as we continue with the construction of our advanced-stage project pipeline, we must produce solar modules and procure bos parts in the required volumes to support our planned construction schedules. as part of this construction cycle, we typically must manufacture modules or acquire the necessary bos parts for construction activities in advance of receiving payment for such materials, which may temporarily reduce our liquidity. once solar modules and bos parts are installed in a project, such installed amounts are classified as either project assets, deferred project costs, pv solar power systems, or cost of sales depending upon whether the project is subject to a definitive sales contract and whether all revenue recognition criteria have been met. as of december 31, 2015, $237.5 million, or 77%, of our solar module inventory was either on-site or in-transit to our systems projects. all bos parts are for our systems business projects.
•   we may commit working capital during 2016 and beyond to acquire solar power projects in various stages of development, including advanced-stage projects with ppas, and to continue developing those projects as necessary. depending upon the size and stage of development, costs to acquire such solar power projects could be significant. when evaluating project acquisition opportunities, we consider both the strategic and financial benefits of any such acquisitions.
•   joint ventures or other strategic arrangements with partners are a key part of our strategy. we have initiatives in several markets to expedite our penetration of those markets and establish relationships with potential customers. some of these arrangements involve and are expected to involve significant investments or other allocations of capital that could reduce
62
our liquidity or require us to pursue additional sources of financing, assuming such sources are available to us. additionally, we have elected and may in the future elect or be required to temporarily retain a noncontrolling ownership interest in certain underlying systems projects we develop, supply modules to, or construct. any such retained ownership interest is expected to impact our liquidity to the extent we do not obtain new sources of capital to fund such investments.
•   during 2016, we expect to spend $300 million to $400 million for capital expenditures, including expenditures for upgrades to our existing machinery and equipment, which we believe will further increase our solar module conversion efficiencies.
•   under sales agreements for certain of our solar power projects, we may be required to repurchase such projects if certain events occur, such as not achieving commercial operation of the project within a certain time frame. although we consider the possibility that we would be required to repurchase any of our solar power projects to be remote, our current working capital and other available sources of liquidity may not be sufficient to make any required repurchase. if we are required to repurchase a solar power project, we would have the ability to market and sell such project at then current market pricing, which could be at a lower than expected price to the extent the event requiring the repurchase impacts the project's marketability. our liquidity may also be impacted as the time between the repurchase of a project and the potential sale of such repurchased project could take several months.
global sovereign debt problems and their impact on the balance sheets and lending practices of global banks, such as the disruption in the credit markets during and after the 2008 financial crisis, could negatively impact our access to and cost of capital and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and competitive position. such problems could also similarly affect our customers and therefore limit the demand for our systems projects or solar modules. as of december 31, 2015, our liquidity, marketable securities, and restricted investments have not been materially adversely impacted by the current credit environment, and we believe that they will not be materially adversely impacted in the near future. we will continue to closely monitor our liquidity and the credit markets. however, we cannot predict with any certainty the impact to us of any further disruption in the current credit environment.
cash flows the following table summarizes our cash flow activity for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013 (in thousands):
years ended
2015                  2014                  2013
net cash (used in) provided by operating activities                  $(360,919   )          $680,989              $856,126
net cash used in investing activities                                 (112,140   )          (511,879   )          (537,106   )
net cash provided by financing activities                              137,103                 7,359               101,164
effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents           (19,272   )           (19,487   )             3,594
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents                 $(355,228   )          $156,982              $423,778
operating activities the decrease in cash provided by operating activities during 2015 was primarily driven by the increase in project assets and deferred project costs resulting from our financing the construction of certain projects with our working capital and increases in our trade accounts receivable. the decrease in cash provided by operating activities during 2014 was primarily attributable to the timing of cash received from customers for the sale of certain systems projects.
investing activities the decrease in cash used in investing activities during 2015 was driven by the receipt of $239.0 million from the initial public offering of 8point3 energy partners lp, changes in our restricted cash balance, and lower purchases of property, plant and equipment. the effects of these items were partially offset by net purchases of marketable securities of $203.1 million during 2015 compared to $77.5 million during 2014. the decrease in cash used in investing activities during 2014 was primarily due to changes in our restricted cash balance, lower proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment, and certain investments in affiliate notes receivable. the effects of these items were partially offset by net purchases of marketable securities of $77.5 million during 2014 compared to $341.0 million during 2013.
63
financing activities cash provided by financing activities during 2015 resulted primarily from $146.0 million of proceeds from borrowings under our project construction credit facilities in chile, japan, and india and $44.7 million of proceeds from the leaseback financing associated with the maryland solar project, partially offset by $47.1 million of payments on long-term debt. cash provided by financing activities during 2014 resulted primarily from $65.6 million of proceeds from borrowings under our project construction credit facilities in chile, partially offset by $60.1 million of payments on long-term debt. cash provided by financing activities during 2013 was primarily driven by proceeds from our june 2013 equity offering of $428.2 million, partially offset by net payments on our revolving credit facility of $270.0 million and $65.0 million of payments on long-term debt.
contractual obligations the following table presents our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in thousands), which consists of legal commitments requiring us to make fixed or determinable cash payments. we purchase raw materials for inventory, construction materials, various services, and manufacturing equipment from a variety of vendors. during the normal course of business, in order to manage manufacturing and construction lead times and help assure an adequate supply of certain items, we enter into agreements with suppliers that either allow us to procure goods and services when we choose or that establish purchase requirements over the term of the agreement.
payments due by year total             less than1 year              1 - 3years            3 - 5years            more than5 years long-term debt obligations          $299,327                 $38,331                   $97,111               $17,715                  $146,170
interest payments (1)                104,591                  16,531                    23,371                20,339                    44,350
capital lease obligations              1,122       540                         517                     65                                    -
operating lease obligations          164,970                  16,824                    27,403                15,883                   104,860
sale-leaseback payments (2)           19,611                   5,277                    10,380                 3,954                         -
purchase obligations (3)             789,723                 736,026                    18,689                11,238                    23,770
recycling obligations                163,407                       -                         -                     -                   163,407
contingent consideration (4)          17,988                   9,232                     8,756                     -                         -
other obligations (5)                 56,069                   7,912                    16,839                17,075                    14,243
total                             $1,616,808                $830,673                  $203,066               $86,269                  $496,800
(1)   includes estimated cash interest to be paid over the remaining terms of the underlying debt. interest payments are based on fixed and floating rates in effect at december 31, 2015 and include the effect of interest rate and cross currency swap agreements.
(2)   sale-leaseback payments represent the fixed rent payments associated with our leaseback of the maryland solar project from a subsidiary of 8point3 energy partners lp. see note 12 "investments in unconsolidated affiliates and joint ventures" to our consolidated financial statements for further information.
(3)   purchase obligations are agreements to purchase goods or services that are noncancelable, enforceable, and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased; fixed, minimum, or variable price provisions; and the approximate timing of the transactions.
(4)   in connection with project acquisitions, we may agree to pay additional amounts to project sellers upon achievement of project-related milestones such as obtaining a ppa, obtaining financing, and selling to a new owner. we recognize a contingent liability when we determine that such liability is both probable and reasonably estimable. see note 16 "commitments and contingencies" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our contingent consideration.
(5)   includes expected letter of credit fees and unused revolver fees.
in addition to the amounts shown in the table above, we have recorded $141.8 million of unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities in accordance with accounting standards codification ("asc") 740, income taxes, and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled.
64
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet debt or similar obligations, other than financial assurance related instruments and operating leases, that are not classified as debt. we do not guarantee any third-party debt. see note 15 "commitments and contingencies," to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k for further information about our financial assurance related instruments.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 3 "recent accounting pronouncements" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k for a summary of recent accounting pronouncements.
critical accounting estimates in preparing our financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts of reported assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, as well as the disclosure of contingent liabilities in our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto. some of our accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in the selection of the appropriate assumptions for making these estimates. by their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. we base our judgments and estimates on our historical experience, our forecasts, and other available information, as appropriate. our significant accounting policies are described in note 2 "summary of significant accounting policies" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k. our critical accounting estimates, which require the most significant management estimates and judgment in determining the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, are as follows:
revenue recognition - systems business. we recognize revenue for arrangements entered into by our systems business generally using two revenue recognition models, following the guidance in either asc 605-35, construction-type and production-type contracts, or asc 360-20, real estate sales, for arrangements which include land or land rights.
systems business sales arrangements in which we construct a pv solar power system for a specific customer on land that is controlled by the customer, and has not been previously controlled by first solar, are accounted for under asc 605-35. for such sales arrangements, we use the percentage-of-completion method, as described further below, using actual costs incurred over total estimated costs to develop and construct the system (including module costs) as our standard accounting policy.
systems business sales arrangements in which we convey control of land or land rights as part of the transaction are accounted for under asc 360-20. accordingly, we use one of the following revenue recognition methods, based upon an evaluation of the substance and form of the terms and conditions of such real estate sales:
(i)   we apply the percentage-of-completion method, as further described below, to certain real estate sales arrangements in which we convey control of land or land rights, when a sale has been consummated, we have transferred the usual risks and rewards of ownership to the buyer, the initial and continuing investment criteria have been met, we have the ability to estimate our costs and progress toward completion, and all other revenue recognition criteria have been met. when evaluating whether the usual risks and rewards of ownership have transferred to the buyer, we consider whether we have or may be contingently required to have any prohibited forms of continuing involvement with the project pursuant to asc 360-20. the initial and continuing investment requirements, which demonstrate a buyer's commitment to honor its obligations for the sales arrangement, can typically be met through the receipt of cash or an irrevocable letter of credit from a highly creditworthy lending institution.
(ii)   depending on whether the initial and continuing investment requirements have been met and whether collectability from the buyer is reasonably assured, we may align our revenue recognition and release of project assets or deferred project costs to cost of sales with the receipt of payment from the buyer if the sale has been consummated and we have transferred the usual risks and rewards of ownership to the buyer.
for any systems business sales arrangements containing multiple deliverables (including our solar modules) not required to be accounted for under asc 605-35 (long-term construction contracts) or asc 360-20 (real estate), we analyze each activity within the sales arrangement to adhere to the separation guidelines of asc 605-25 for multiple-element arrangements. we allocate revenue for any transactions involving multiple elements to each unit of accounting based on its relative selling price and recognize revenue for each unit of accounting when all revenue recognition criteria for a unit of accounting have been met.
65
our system business sales arrangements within the scope of asc 360-20 involve a range of standard product warranties, which include limited solar module warranties, limited bos warranties, and system energy performance testing. each standard product warranty program represents a risk of the module manufacturer or system epc contractor, and is not an obligation or risk of a system owner. these programs do not represent any guarantee of energy output and relate to the underlying performance of the system assets. consequently, our product warranty programs do not represent any guarantees of cash flows related to the systems, and we have not assumed any of the risks and rewards of ownership with respect to such programs. separately, our systems customers may also engage us to provide o&m services, which would typically include an effective availability guarantee. our availability guarantees are an incremental offering within separate arrangements for o&m services. availability guarantees are guarantees of our own service performance and do not represent guarantees of a system's output or cash flows. accordingly, our product warranties and market based service contracts are not forms of continuing involvement that would indicate that substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership have not been transferred to the system owner.
revenue recognition - percentage-of-completion. in applying the percentage-of-completion method, we use the actual costs incurred relative to the total estimated costs (including module costs) in order to determine the progress towards completion and calculate the corresponding amount of revenue and profit to recognize. costs incurred include direct materials, solar modules, labor, subcontractor costs, and those indirect costs related to contract performance, such as indirect labor and supplies. we recognize direct material and solar module costs as incurred when the direct materials and solar modules have been installed in the project. when contracts specify that title to direct materials and solar modules transfers to the customer before installation has been performed, we will not recognize revenue or the associated costs until those materials are installed and have met all other revenue recognition requirements. we consider direct materials and solar modules to be installed when they are permanently placed or affixed to a pv solar power system as required by engineering designs. solar modules manufactured and owned by us that will be used in our systems remain within inventory until such modules are installed in a system.
the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition requires us to make estimates of net contract revenues and costs to complete our projects. in making such estimates, management judgments are required to evaluate significant assumptions including the amount of net contract revenues, the cost of materials and labor, expected labor productivity, the impact of potential variances in schedule completion, and the impact of any penalties, claims, change orders, or performance incentives.
if estimated total costs on any contract are greater than the net contract revenues, we recognize the entire estimated loss in the period the loss becomes known. the cumulative effect of the revisions to estimates related to net contract revenues and costs to complete contracts, including penalties, claims, change orders, performance incentives, anticipated losses, and others are recorded in the period in which the revisions to estimates are identified and the amounts can be reasonably estimated. the effect of the changes on future periods are recognized as if the revised estimates had been used since revenue was initially recognized under the contract. such revisions could occur in any reporting period, and the effects may be material depending on the size of the contracts or the changes in estimates.
accrued solar module collection and recycling liability. at the time of sale, we record our collection and recycling obligation based on the estimated cost to collect and recycle the covered solar modules. we estimate the cost of our collection and recycling obligations based on the present value of the expected probability weighted future cost of collecting and recycling the solar modules, which includes estimates for the cost of packaging materials, the cost of freight from the solar module installation sites to a recycling center, the material, labor, capital costs, and scale of recycling centers, and an estimated third-party profit margin and return on risk for collection and recycling services. we base these estimates on (i) our experience collecting and recycling our solar modules, (ii) the expected timing of when our solar modules will be returned for recycling, and (iii) expected economic conditions at the time the solar modules will be collected and recycled. in the periods between the time of sale and the related settlement of the collection and recycling obligation, we accrete the carrying amount of the associated liability by applying the discount rate used for its initial measurement. we periodically review our estimates of expected future recycling costs and may adjust our liability accordingly.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we completed our annual cost study of obligations under our module collection and recycling program based on newly implemented recycling technologies at our manufacturing facility in perrysburg, ohio and reduced our associated liability by $80.0 million. the new recycling technology represents a significant improvement over previous technologies and contains a continuous flow recycling process, which increases the throughput of modules able to be recycled at a point in time. such process improvements also result in corresponding reductions in capital, chemical, labor, maintenance, and other general recycling costs, which further contribute to the reduction in the recycling rate per module and corresponding change in the liability. at december 31, 2015, our estimated liability for collecting and recycling solar modules covered by our collection and recycling program was $163.4 million. a 1% increase in the annualized inflation rate used in our estimated future collection and recycling cost per module would increase our liability by $36.7 million, and a 1% decrease in that rate would decrease our liability by $30.7 million.
66
product warranties and accrued expense in excess of product warranties. we provide a limited pv solar module warranty covering defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions for 10 years following the transfer of title to our modules. we also typically warrant that modules installed in accordance with agreed-upon specifications will produce at least 97% of their labeled power output rating during the first year, with the warranty coverage reducing by 0.7% every year thereafter throughout the 25-year performance warranty period. prior to 2014, we warranted that modules installed in accordance with agreed-upon specifications would produce at least 90% of their labeled power output rating during the first 10 years following installation and at least 80% of their labeled power output rating during the following 15 years. in resolving claims under both the defect and power output warranties, we have the option of either repairing or replacing the covered modules or, under the power output warranty, providing additional modules to remedy the power shortfall. we also have the option to make a payment for the then current market price of modules to resolve the claims. such limited module warranties are standard for module sales and are automatically transferred from the original purchasers of the solar modules to subsequent purchasers upon resale.
as an alternative form of our standard limited module power output warranty, we also offer an aggregated or system level limited module performance warranty. this system level limited module performance warranty is designed for utility-scale systems and provides 25-year system level energy degradation protection. in addition, this warranty represents a practical expedient to address the challenge of identifying, from the potential millions of modules installed in a utility-scale system, individual modules that may be performing below warranty thresholds by focusing on the aggregate energy generated by the system rather than the power output of individual modules. the system level module performance warranty typically is calculated as a percentage of a system's expected energy production, adjusted for certain actual site conditions, with the warranted level of performance declining each year in a linear fashion, but never falling below 80% during the term of the warranty. in resolving claims under the system level limited module performance warranty to restore the system to warranted performance levels, we first must validate that the root cause of the issue is due to module performance; we then have the option of either repairing or replacing the covered modules, providing supplemental modules, or making a cash payment. consistent with our limited module power output warranty, when we elect to satisfy a warranty claim by providing replacement or supplemental modules under the system level module performance warranty, we do not have any obligation to pay for the labor to remove or install modules.
in addition to our limited solar module warranty described above, for pv solar power systems built by us, we typically provide a limited product warranty on bos parts for defects in engineering design, installation, and workmanship for a period of one to two years following the substantial completion of a system. in resolving claims under such bos warranties, we have the option of remedying the defect through repair or replacement.
when we recognize revenue for module or systems sales, we accrue liabilities for the estimated future costs of meeting our limited warranty obligations. we make and revise these estimates based primarily on the number of our solar modules under warranty installed at customer locations, our historical experience with warranty claims, our monitoring of field installation sites, our internal testing of and the expected future performance of our solar modules and bos components, and our estimated per-module replacement costs.
we may also accrue expenses for the cost of any voluntary remediation programs beyond our normal product warranty. our estimates for such remediation programs are based on an evaluation of available information including the estimated number of potentially affected solar modules, historical experience related to our remediation efforts, customer-provided data related to potentially affected systems, estimated costs for performing removal, replacement, and logistical services, and any post-sale expenses covered under our voluntary remediation program. if any of our estimates prove incorrect, we could be required to accrue additional expenses.
at december 31, 2015, our accrued liabilities for product warranties and accrued expense in excess of product warranties were $231.8 million and $24.6 million, respectively. we have historically estimated our product warranty liability for power output and defects in materials and workmanship under normal use and service conditions to have an estimated warranty return rate of approximately 3% of modules covered under warranty. a 1% change in the estimated warranty return rate would change our estimated product warranty liability by $71.5 million, and a 1% change in the estimated warranty return rate for bos components would not have a material impact on the associated warranty liability.
67
performance guarantees. for systems sales arrangements, we also conduct performance testing of a system prior to substantial completion to confirm the system meets its operational and capacity expectations noted in the epc agreement. in addition, we may provide an energy performance test during the first year of a system's operation to demonstrate that the actual energy generation for the first year meets or exceeds the modeled energy expectation, after certain adjustments. these tests are based on meteorological, energy, and equipment performance data measured at the system's location as well as certain projections of such data over the remaining measurement period. if there is an underperformance event with regards to these tests, we may incur liquidated damages as a percentage of the epc contract price. if necessary, we accrue estimates for liquidated damages at the end of each reporting period based on our performance testing. in certain instances, a bonus payment may be received at the end of the first year if the system performs above a specified level.
as part of our o&m service offerings, we typically offer an effective availability guarantee, which stipulates that a system will be available to generate a certain percentage of total possible energy during a specific period after adjusting for factors outside of our control as the service provider, such as weather, curtailment, outages, force majeure, and other conditions that may affect system availability. effective availability guarantees are only offered as part of our o&m services and terminate at the end of an o&m arrangement. these guarantees are based on meteorological, energy, and equipment performance data measured at the system's location as well as certain projections of such data over the remaining measurement period. if we fail to meet the contractual threshold for these guarantees, we may incur liquidated damages for certain lost energy under the ppa. if necessary, we accrue estimates for liquidated damages at the end of each reporting period based on our effective availability calculations. conversely, many of our o&m agreements contain provisions whereby we may receive a bonus payment if system availability exceeds a separate threshold.
accounting for income taxes. we are subject to the income tax laws of the united states, and its states and municipalities, and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which we have significant business operations. these tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. we must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws when determining our provision for income taxes and must also make estimates about when in the future certain items affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions. disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or audit. we regularly evaluate the likelihood of assessments in each of the taxing jurisdictions resulting from current and future examinations, and we record tax liabilities as appropriate.
we establish liabilities for potential additional taxes based on our assessment of the outcome of our tax positions. once established, we adjust the liabilities when additional information becomes available or when an event occurs requiring an adjustment. significant judgment is required in making these estimates and the actual cost of a tax assessment, fine, or penalty may ultimately be materially different from our recorded liabilities, if any.
in preparing our consolidated financial statements, we calculate our income tax expense based on our interpretation of the tax laws and regulations in the various jurisdictions where we conduct business. this requires us to estimate our current tax obligations, assess uncertain tax positions, and assess temporary differences between the financial statement carrying amounts and the tax basis of assets and liabilities. these temporary differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities.
we must also assess the likelihood that each of our deferred tax assets will be realized. to the extent we believe that realization of any of our deferred tax assets is not more likely than not, we establish a valuation allowance. when we establish a valuation allowance or increase this allowance in a reporting period, we generally record a corresponding tax expense in our consolidated statement of operations. conversely, to the extent circumstances indicate that a valuation allowance is no longer necessary, that portion of the valuation allowance is reversed, which generally reduces our overall income tax expense.
we also consider the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries and determine whether such amounts are indefinitely reinvested. accordingly, no additional u.s. or non-u.s. taxes have been accrued that may be incurred if such amounts were repatriated to the united states. we have concluded that, except for the earnings of our canadian subsidiary and with respect to previously taxed income, all such accumulated earnings are currently indefinitely reinvested or that if upon repatriation no additional u.s. or non-u.s. tax would be due. if our intention to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries changes, additional u.s. and non-u.s. taxes may be required to be accrued. see note 20 "income taxes" to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended december 31, 2015 included in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information.
68
we continually explore initiatives to better align our tax and legal entity structure with the footprint of our non-u.s. operations and recognize the tax impact of these initiatives, including changes in the assessment of uncertain tax positions, indefinite reinvestment exception assertions, and the realizability of deferred tax assets, in the period when we believe all necessary internal and external approvals associated with such initiatives have been obtained, or when the initiatives are materially complete. it is possible that the completion of one or more of these initiatives may occur within the next 12 months.
long-lived asset impairment. we are required to assess the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets including property, plant and equipment, pv solar power systems, and project assets when an indicator of impairment has been identified. we review our long-lived assets each reporting period to assess whether impairment indicators are present, and we must exercise judgment in assessing whether an event indicating potential impairment has occurred. for purposes of recognition and measurement of an impairment loss, a long-lived asset is grouped with other assets and liabilities at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities, and we must exercise judgment in assessing such groupings and levels.
for long-lived assets, when impairment indicators are present, we compare undiscounted future cash flows, including the eventual disposition of the asset group at market value, to the asset group's carrying value to determine if the asset group is recoverable. this assessment requires the exercise of judgment in assessing the future use of and projected value to be derived from the assets to be held and used. assessments also consider changes in asset group utilization, including the temporary idling of capacity and the expected timing of placing the capacity back into production.
for an asset group that fails the test of recoverability described above, the estimated fair value of long-lived assets may be determined using an income approach, market approach, cost approach, or a combination of one or more of these approaches as appropriate for the particular asset group being reviewed. all of these approaches start with the forecast of expected future net cash flows including the eventual disposition at market value of the long-lived assets. we also utilize third-party valuations and information available regarding the current market for similar assets. if there is an impairment, a loss is recorded to reflect the difference between the asset group's fair value and carrying value prior to impairment. this may require judgment in estimating future cash flows, relevant discount rates, and residual values applied in the income approach used in estimating the current fair value of the impaired assets to be held and used.
goodwill. goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of acquired businesses over the estimated fair value assigned to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. we do not amortize goodwill, but instead are required to test goodwill for impairment at least annually. we perform impairment tests between scheduled annual tests in the fourth quarter if facts and circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit that has goodwill is less than its carrying value.
we may first make a qualitative assessment of whether it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value to determine whether it is necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. the qualitative impairment test considers various factors including macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, the overall financial performance of a reporting unit, and any other relevant events affecting the entity or its reporting units. if we determine through the qualitative assessment that a reporting unit's fair value is more likely than not greater than its carrying value, the two-step impairment test is not required. if the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying value, we must perform the two-step impairment test. we may also elect to proceed directly to the two-step impairment test without considering such qualitative factors.
the first step in a two-step impairment test is the comparison of the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount, including goodwill. our reporting units consist of our fully integrated systems business, cdte module manufacturing business, and our crystalline silicon module manufacturing business from our tetrasun acquisition in 2013. in accordance with the authoritative guidance over fair value measurements, we define the fair value of a reporting unit as the price that would be received to sell the unit as a whole in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. we primarily use the income approach methodology of valuation, which includes the discounted cash flow method, to estimate the fair values of our reporting units.
significant management judgment is required when estimating the fair value of our reporting units including the forecasting of future operating results and the selection of discount and expected future growth rates that we use in determining the projected cash flows. if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not impaired and no further analysis is required.
69
if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value in the first step, then we are required to perform the second step of the impairment test. in this step, we assign the fair value of the reporting unit calculated in step one to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, as if a market participant just acquired the reporting unit in a business combination. the excess of the fair value of the reporting unit determined in the first step of the impairment test over the total amount assigned to the assets and liabilities in the second step of the impairment test represents the implied fair value of goodwill. if the carrying value of a reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill, we would record an impairment loss equal to the difference. if there is no such excess, then all goodwill for a reporting unit is considered impaired.
