item 1a - risk factors an investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. you should consider carefully the following risks and other information contained in this annual report on form 10-k and other sec filings before you decide whether to buy our common stock. the risks identified below are not all encompassing but should be considered in establishing an opinion of our future operations. if any of the events contemplated by the following discussion of risks should occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could suffer significantly. as a result, the market price of our common stock could decline and you may lose all or part of your investment in our common stock.
risks related to our business and operations our inability to protect our systems and data from continually evolving cybersecurity risks or other technological risks could affect our reputation among our merchant clients and cardholders and may expose us to penalties, fines, liabilities and legal claims.
in order to provide our services, we process and store sensitive business information and personal information about our merchants, merchants' customers, isos, vendors, partners and other parties. this information may include credit and debit card numbers, bank account numbers, social security numbers, driver's license numbers, names and addresses, and other types of personal information or sensitive business information. some of this information is also processed and stored by our merchants, isos, third-party service providers to whom we outsource certain functions, and other agents (which we refer to collectively as our "associated third parties"). we have responsibility to the card networks and their member financial institutions for our failure or the failure of our associated third parties to protect this information.  while plans and procedures are in place to protect this sensitive data, we cannot be certain that these measures will be successful and will be sufficient to counter all current and emerging technology threats that are designed to breach our systems in order to gain access to confidential information.
our computer systems and our associated third parties' computer systems have been, and could be in the future, subject to penetration, and our data protection measures may not prevent unauthorized access. the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and are often difficult to detect. threats to our systems and our associated third parties' systems can derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological failure. computer viruses can be distributed and could infiltrate our systems or those of our associated third parties. in addition, denial of service or other attacks could be launched against us for a variety of purposes, including to interfere with our services or create a diversion for other malicious activities. our defensive measures may not prevent unauthorized access or use of sensitive data. while we maintain first- and third-party insurance coverage that may cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.
we could also be subject to liability for claims relating to misuse of personal information, such as unauthorized marketing purposes and violation of data privacy laws. we cannot provide assurance that the contractual requirements related to security and privacy that we impose on our service providers who have access to merchant and customer data will be followed or will be adequate to prevent the unauthorized use or disclosure of data. in addition, we have agreed in certain agreements to take certain protective measures to ensure the confidentiality of merchant and consumer data. the costs of systems and procedures associated with such protective measures may increase and could adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. any failure to adequately enforce or provide these protective measures could result in liability, protracted and costly litigation and, with respect to misuse of personal information of our merchants and consumers, lost revenue and reputational harm.
any type of security breach, attack or misuse of data described above or otherwise, whether experienced by us or an associated third party, could harm our reputation and deter existing and prospective customers from using our services or from making electronic payments generally, increase our operating expenses in order to contain and remediate the incident, expose us to unbudgeted or uninsured liability, disrupt our operations (including potential service interruptions), distract our management, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny, result in the imposition of penalties and fines under state, federal and foreign laws or by the card networks, and adversely affect our continued card network registration and financial institution sponsorship. our removal from networks' lists of pci dss compliant service providers could mean that existing merchant customers, sales partners or other third parties may cease using or referring our services. also, prospective merchant customers, sales partners or other third parties may choose to terminate negotiations with us, or delay or choose not to consider us for their processing needs. in addition, the card networks could refuse to allow us to process through their networks.
for example, in 2012, we self-reported unauthorized access into a limited portion of our north america card processing system and potential unauthorized access to servers containing personal information collected from u.s. merchants who applied for processing services. as a result of this event, we were temporarily removed from certain card networks' lists of pci dss
14
compliant service providers until the third quarter of fiscal 2013. we incurred approximately $114.2 million of cumulative expenses, net of insurance recoveries, relating to the incident, which also resulted in inquiries from governmental entities.
the payment processing industry is highly competitive, and some of our competitors are larger and have greater financial and operational resources than we do, which may give them an advantage in our market with respect to the pricing of services offered to our customers and the ability to develop new technologies.
we operate in the electronic payments market, which is highly competitive. in this market, our primary competitors include other independent payment processors, as well as financial institutions, isos and, potentially, card networks. many of our competitors are companies that are larger than we are, with greater financial and operational resources than we have. our competitors that are financial institutions or subsidiaries of financial institutions do not incur the costs associated with being sponsored by a direct member for participation in the card networks and may be able to settle transactions more quickly for merchants than we can. these financial institutions may also provide payment processing services to merchants at a loss in order to generate banking fees from the merchants. it is also possible that larger financial institutions could decide to perform in-house some or all of the services which we currently provide or could provide. these attributes may provide them with a competitive advantage in the market.
furthermore, we are facing increasing competition from non-traditional competitors who offer certain innovations in payment methods. some of these competitors utilize proprietary software and service solutions. others partner with traditional merchant acquirers to provide tablet-based solutions with payment processing services. some of these non-traditional competitors have significant financial resources and robust networks and are highly regarded by consumers. in addition, some non-traditional competitors, such as private companies or startup companies, may be less risk averse than we are and, therefore, may be able to respond more quickly to market demands. if these non-traditional competitors gain a greater share of total electronic payments transactions, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. these competitors may compete in ways that minimize or remove the role of traditional card networks, processors and/or point-of-sale software in the electronic payments process.
in order to remain competitive and to continue to increase our revenues and earnings, we must continually and quickly update our services, a process that could result in higher costs and the loss of revenues, earnings and customers if the new services do not perform as intended or are not accepted in the marketplace.
the electronic payments markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid technological change, new product introductions, evolving industry standards and changing customer needs. in order to remain competitive, we are continually involved in a number of projects, including the development of a new authorization platform, mobile payment applications, e-commerce services and other new offerings emerging in the electronic payments industry. these projects carry the risks associated with any development effort, including cost overruns, delays in delivery and performance problems. in the electronic payments markets, these risks are even more acute. any delay in the delivery of new services or the failure to differentiate our services could render them less desirable to our customers, or possibly even obsolete. furthermore, as the market for alternative payment processing services evolves, it may develop too rapidly or not rapidly enough for us to recover the costs we have incurred in developing new services targeted at this market.
in addition, the services we deliver to the electronic payments markets are designed to process very complex transactions and deliver reports and other information on those transactions, all at very high volumes and processing speeds. any failure to deliver an effective and secure product or any performance issue that arises with a new product or service could result in significant processing or reporting errors or other losses. as a result of these factors, our development efforts could result in higher costs that could reduce our earnings in addition to a loss of revenue and earnings if promised new services are not delivered timely to our customers or do not perform as anticipated. we rely in part on third parties, including some of our competitors and potential competitors, for the development of and access to new technologies.
our revenues from the sale of services to merchants that accept visa cards and mastercard cards are dependent upon our continued visa and mastercard registration and financial institution sponsorship and, in some cases, continued membership in certain card networks.
in order to provide our visa and mastercard transaction processing services, we must be either a direct participant or be registered as a merchant processor or service provider of visa and mastercard. registration as a merchant processor or service provider is dependent upon our being sponsored by members of each organization. if our sponsor banks should stop providing sponsorship for us, we would need to find another financial institution to provide those services or we would need to attain direct membership with the card networks, either of which could prove to be difficult and expensive. if we are unable to find a replacement financial institution to provide sponsorship or attain direct membership, we may no longer be able to provide processing services
15
to affected customers, which would negatively affect our revenues and earnings. furthermore, some agreements with our bank sponsors give them substantial discretion in approving certain aspects of our business practices, including our solicitation, application and qualification procedures for merchants and the terms of our agreements with merchants. our bank sponsors' discretionary actions under these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in connection with direct membership, the rules and regulations of various card associations and networks prescribe certain capital requirements. any increase in the capital level required would limit our use of capital for other purposes.
we rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. if we are unable to maintain clearing services with these financial institutions and are unable to find a replacement, our business may be adversely affected.
we rely on various financial institutions to provide clearing services in connection with our settlement activities. if such financial institutions should stop providing clearing services, we must find other financial institutions to provide those services. if we are unable to find a replacement financial institution we may no longer be able to provide processing services to certain customers, which could negatively affect our revenue and earnings.
if we fail to comply with the applicable requirements of the card networks, they could seek to fine us, suspend us or terminate our registrations. if our merchants or isos incur fines or penalties that we cannot collect from them, we may have to bear the cost of such fines or penalties.
we are subject to card association and network rules that could subject us to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card networks for certain acts or omissions. the rules of the card networks are set by their boards, which may be influenced by card issuers, and some of those issuers are our competitors with respect to these processing services. many banks directly or indirectly sell processing services to merchants in direct competition with us. these banks could attempt, by virtue of their influence on the networks, to alter the networks' rules or policies to the detriment of non-members including us. the termination of our registrations or our status as a service provider or a merchant processor, or any changes in card association or other network rules or standards, including interpretation and implementation of the rules or standards, that increase the cost of doing business or limit our ability to provide transaction processing services to our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition and cash flows. if a merchant or an iso fails to comply with the applicable requirements of the card associations and networks, it could be subject to a variety of fines or penalties that may be levied by the card associations or networks. if we cannot collect such amounts from the applicable merchant or iso, we may have to bear the cost of such fines or penalties, resulting in lower earnings for us. the termination of our registration, or any changes in the visa or mastercard rules that would impair our registration, could require us to stop providing visa and mastercard payment processing services, which would make it impossible for us to conduct our business on its current scale.
our systems and our third-party providers' systems may fail, which could interrupt our service, cause us to lose business, increase our costs and expose us to liability.
we depend on the efficient and uninterrupted operation of our computer systems, software, data centers and telecommunications networks, as well as the systems and services of third parties. a system outage or data loss could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. not only would we suffer damage to our reputation in the event of a system outage or data loss, but we may also be liable to third parties. our systems and operations or those of our third-party providers could be exposed to damage or interruption from, among other things, fire, natural disaster, power loss, telecommunications failure, terrorist acts, war, unauthorized entry, human error, and computer viruses or other defects. defects in our systems or those of third parties, errors or delays in the processing of payment transactions, telecommunications failures, or other difficulties (including those related to system relocation) could result in loss of revenue, loss of customers, loss of merchant and cardholder data, harm to our business or reputation, exposure to fraud losses or other liabilities, negative publicity, additional operating and development costs, fines and other sanctions imposed by card networks, and/or diversion of technical and other resources.
we may experience software defects, undetected errors, and development delays, which could damage customer relations, decrease our potential profitability and expose us to liability.
our services are based on sophisticated software and computing systems that often encounter development delays and the underlying software may contain undetected errors, viruses or defects. defects in our software services and errors or delays in our processing of electronic transactions could result in additional development costs, diversion of technical and other resources from our other development efforts, loss of credibility with current or potential customers, harm to our reputation and exposure to liability claims.
16
in addition, we rely on technologies and software supplied by third parties that may also contain undetected errors, viruses or defects that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
increased merchant, referral partner or iso attrition could cause our financial results to decline.
we experience attrition in merchant credit and debit card processing volume resulting from several factors, including business closures, transfers of merchants' accounts to our competitors, unsuccessful contract renewal negotiations and account closures that we initiate for various reasons, such as heightened credit risks or contract breaches by merchants. if an iso partner switches to another transaction processor, terminates our services, internalizes payment processing functions that we perform, merges with or is acquired by one of our competitors, or shuts down or becomes insolvent, we may no longer receive new merchant referrals from the iso, and we risk losing existing merchants that were originally enrolled by the iso. we cannot predict the level of attrition in the future and it could increase. our referral partners are a significant source of new business. higher than expected attrition could negatively affect our results, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in order for us to continue to grow and increase our profitability, we must continue to expand our share of the existing electronic payments markets and also expand into new markets.
our future growth and profitability depend upon our continued expansion within the markets in which we currently operate, the further expansion of these markets, the emergence of other markets for electronic transaction payment processing and our ability to penetrate these markets. as part of our strategy to achieve this expansion, we look for acquisition opportunities, investments and alliance relationships with other businesses that will allow us to increase our market penetration, technological capabilities, product offerings and distribution capabilities. we may not be able to successfully identify suitable acquisition, investment and alliance candidates in the future, and if we do, they may not provide us with the value and benefits we anticipate.
our expansion into new markets is also dependent upon our ability to apply our existing technology or to develop new applications to meet the particular service needs of each new market. we may not have adequate financial or technological resources to develop effective and secure services and distribution channels that will satisfy the demands of these new markets. if we fail to expand into new and existing electronic payments markets, we may not be able to continue to grow our revenues and earnings.
there may be a decline in the use of cards as a payment mechanism for consumers or adverse developments with respect to the card industry in general.
if consumers do not continue to use credit or debit cards as a payment mechanism for their transactions or if there is a change in the mix of payments between cash, credit cards, and debit cards, which is adverse to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. consumer credit risk may make it more difficult or expensive for consumers to gain access to credit facilities such as credit cards. regulatory changes may result in financial institutions seeking to charge their customers additional fees for use of credit or debit cards. such fees may result in decreased use of credit or debit cards by cardholders. in each case, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected. we believe future growth in the use of credit and debit cards and other electronic payments will be driven by the cost, ease-of-use, and quality of services offered to consumers and businesses. in order to consistently increase and maintain our profitability, consumers and businesses must continue to use electronic payment methods that we process, including credit and debit cards.
we incur chargeback liability when our merchants refuse or cannot reimburse chargebacks resolved in favor of their customers. any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in the event a dispute between a cardholder and a merchant is not resolved in favor of the merchant, the transaction is normally charged back to the merchant and the purchase price is credited or otherwise refunded to the cardholder. if we are unable to collect such amounts from the merchant's account or reserve account (if applicable), or if the merchant refuses or is unable, due to closure, bankruptcy or other reasons, to reimburse us for a chargeback, we bear the loss for the amount of the refund paid to the cardholder. the risk of chargebacks is typically greater with those merchants that promise future delivery of goods and services rather than delivering goods or rendering services at the time of payment. we may experience significant losses from chargebacks in the future. any increase in chargebacks not paid by our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. we have policies to manage merchant-related credit risk and often mitigate such risk by requiring collateral and monitoring transaction activity. notwithstanding our programs and policies for managing credit
17
risk, it is possible that a default on such obligations by one or more of our merchants could have a material adverse effect on our business.
fraud by merchants or others could have an adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
we have potential liability for fraudulent electronic payment transactions or credits initiated by merchants or others. examples of merchant fraud include when a merchant or other party knowingly uses a stolen or counterfeit credit or debit card, card number, or other credentials to record a false sales or credit transaction, processes an invalid card, or intentionally fails to deliver the merchandise or services sold in an otherwise valid transaction. criminals are using increasingly sophisticated methods to engage in illegal activities such as counterfeiting and fraud. failure to effectively manage risk and prevent fraud could increase our chargeback liability or cause us to incur other liabilities. it is possible that incidents of fraud could increase in the future. increases in chargebacks or other liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
we are subject to economic and political risk, the business cycles and credit risk of our customers and the overall level of consumer, business and government spending, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the global electronic payments industry depends heavily on the overall level of consumer, business and government spending. we are exposed to general economic conditions that affect consumer confidence, consumer spending, consumer discretionary income and changes in consumer purchasing habits. a sustained deterioration in general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate or increases in interest rates may adversely affect our financial performance by reducing the number or average purchase amount of transactions made using electronic payments. a reduction in the amount of consumer spending could result in a decrease in our revenues and profits. if our merchants make fewer sales of their services using electronic payments or people spend less per transaction, we will have fewer transactions to process at lower amounts, resulting in lower revenues.
a downturn in the economy could force retailers to close, resulting in exposure to potential credit losses and future transaction declines. furthermore, credit card issuers may reduce credit limits and be more selective with respect to whom they issue credit cards. we also have a certain amount of fixed and other costs, including rent, debt service, and salaries, which could limit our ability to quickly adjust costs and respond to changes in our business and the economy. changes in economic conditions could also adversely affect our future revenues and profits and cause a materially adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, a recessionary economic environment could affect our merchants through a higher rate of bankruptcy filings, resulting in lower revenues and earnings for us. our associated third parties are also liable for any fines or penalties that may be assessed by any card networks. in the event that we are not able to collect such amounts from our merchants or the associated third parties, due to fraud, breach of contract, insolvency, bankruptcy or any other reason, we may be liable for any such charges.
reject losses arise from the fact that, in most markets, we collect our fees from our merchants on the first day after the monthly billing period. this results in the build-up of a substantial receivable from our customers. if a merchant has gone out of business during the billing period, we may be unable to collect such fees, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
increases in credit card network fees may result in the loss of customers or a reduction in our earnings.
from time-to-time, the card networks, including visa and mastercard, increase the fees that they charge processors. we could attempt to pass these increases along to our merchant customers, but this strategy might result in the loss of customers to our competitors who do not pass along the increases, thereby reducing our revenues and earnings. if competitive practices prevent us from passing along the higher fees to our merchant customers in the future, we may have to absorb all or a portion of such increases, thereby increasing our operating costs and reducing our earnings.
any new implementation of or changes made to laws, regulations, card network rules or other industry standards affecting our business in any of the geographic regions in which we operate may require significant development efforts or have an unfavorable effect on our financial results.
our business is affected by laws and regulations and examinations that affect us and our industry in the countries in which we operate. regulation and proposed regulation of the payments industry has increased significantly in recent years. failure to comply with regulations or guidelines may result in the suspension or revocation of a license or registration, the limitation, suspension or termination of service, and the imposition of civil and criminal penalties, including fines, or may cause customers or potential customers to be reluctant to do business with us, any of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition.
18
for example, we are subject to the card network rules of visa, mastercard and other card networks, interac, and various debit networks; applicable privacy and information security regulations in the regions where we operate and of the card networks; the payment services directive in europe; the code of conduct for the credit and debit card industry in canada (issued by canada's department of finance); the housing assistance tax act of 2008 in the united states, which requires information returns to be made for each calendar year by merchant acquiring entities; and a myriad of u.s. federal and state consumer protection laws and state escheat regulations. we are also subject to examination by the ffiec as a result of our provision of data processing services to financial institutions.
interchange fees (which are typically paid by the acquirer to the issuer in connection with transactions) are subject to increasingly intense legal, regulatory and legislative scrutiny worldwide. for instance, the dodd-frank act, which was signed into law in july 2010, significantly changed the u.s. financial regulatory system. changes affecting the payment processing industry include restricting amounts of debit card fees that certain issuing institutions can charge merchants and allowing merchants to set minimum amounts for the acceptance of credit cards and to offer discounts for different payment methods. these restrictions could negatively affect the number of debit transactions, which would adversely affect our business. the dodd-frank act also created the consumer financial protection bureau (the "cfpb"), which has assumed responsibility for most federal consumer protection laws, and the financial stability oversight council, which has the authority to determine whether any nonbank financial company, such as us, should be supervised by the board of governors of the federal reserve system (the "federal reserve") on the ground that it is "systemically important "to the u.s. financial system. any such designation would result in increased regulatory burdens on our business, which increases our risk profile and may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
all persons offering or providing financial services or products to consumers, directly or indirectly, can be subject to prohibitions against unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices ("udaap") under the dodd-frank act. the cfpb has enforcement authority to prevent an entity that offers or provides consumer financial services or products or a service provider from committing or engaging in udaap, including the ability to engage in joint investigations with other agencies, issue subpoenas and civil investigative demands, conduct hearings and adjudication proceedings, commence a civil action, grant relief (e.g., limit activities or functions; rescission of contracts), and refer matters for criminal proceedings. more generally, all persons engaged in commerce, including, but not limited to, us and our merchant and financial institution customers, are also subject to section 5 of the federal trade commission ("ftc") act prohibiting unfair or deceptive acts or practices ("udap"). in addition, there are other laws, rules and or regulations, including the telemarketing sales act, that may directly impact the activities of our merchant customers and in some cases may subject us, as the merchant's payment processor, to investigations, fees, fines and disgorgement of funds in the event we are deemed to have aided and abetted or otherwise provided the means and instrumentalities to facilitate the illegal activities of the merchant through our payment processing services. various federal and state regulatory enforcement agencies, including the ftc, the cfpb and the states' attorneys general have the authority to take action against nonbanks that engage in udap or violate other laws, rules or regulations and, to the extent we are processing payments for a merchant that may be in violation of these laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to enforcement actions and as a result may incur losses and liabilities.
in many countries, we are legally or contractually required to comply with the anti-money laundering laws and regulations, such as, in the united states, the bsa, as amended by the usa patriot act, and similar laws of other countries, which require that customer identifying information be obtained and verified. in some countries, we are directly subject to these requirements; in other countries, we have contractually agreed to assist our sponsor banks with their obligation to comply with any-money laundering requirements that apply to them. in addition, we and our sponsor banks are subject to the laws and regulations enforced by the office of foreign assets control ("ofac"), which prohibit u.s. persons from engaging in transactions with certain prohibited persons or entities. similar requirements apply in other countries. our failure to comply with any of these contractual requirements or laws could adversely affect our business, financial credit and results of operations.
changes to legal rules and regulations, or interpretation or enforcement thereof, even if not directed at us, may require significant efforts to change our systems and services and may require changes to how we price our services to customers, adversely affecting our business. even an inadvertent failure to comply with laws and regulations, as well as rapidly evolving social expectations of corporate fairness, could damage our business or our reputation. furthermore, we are subject to tax laws in each jurisdiction where we conduct business. changes in such laws or their interpretations could decrease the value of revenues we receive, the value of tax losses and tax credit carry forwards recorded on our balance sheet and have a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition and cash flows.
19
we are subject to risks associated with changes in interest rates or currency exchange rates, which could adversely affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and we may not effectively hedge against these risks.
we have incurred significant indebtedness that accrues interest at a variable rate, and we may incur additional variable-rate indebtedness in the future. increases in interest rates will reduce our operating cash flows and could hinder our ability to fund our operations, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases or dividends. we are also subject to risks related to the changes in currency exchange rates as a result of our investments in foreign operations and from revenues generated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. revenue and profit generated by international operations will increase or decrease compared to prior periods as a result of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. volatility in currency exchange rates has affected and may continue to affect our financial results.
in addition, in certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we may become subject to exchange control regulations that might restrict or prohibit the conversion of our foreign currency into u.s. dollars or limit our ability to freely move currency in or out of particular jurisdictions. the occurrence of any of these factors could decrease the value of revenues we receive from our international operations and have a material adverse effect on our business.
we may seek to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates through the use of hedging arrangements. to the extent that we hedge our interest rate or foreign currency exchange rate exposures, we forgo the benefits we would otherwise experience if interest rates or foreign currency exchange rates were to change in our favor. developing an effective strategy for dealing with movements in interest rates and foreign exchange rates is complex, and no strategy can completely insulate us from risks associated with such fluctuations. in addition, a counterparty to the arrangement could default on its obligation, thereby exposing us to credit risk. we may have to repay certain costs, such as transaction fees or breakage costs, if we terminate these arrangements. finally, our interest rate and foreign exchange rate risk management activities could expose us to substantial losses if such rates move materially differently from our expectations.
we conduct a portion of our business in various european and asia-pacific countries, including the russian federation, where the risk of continued political, economic and regulatory change that could affect our operating results is greater than in the united states.
we expect to continue to expand our operations into various countries in europe and the asia-pacific region. some of these countries, and other foreign countries in which we operate, such as the russian federation, have undergone significant political, economic and social change in recent years, and the risk of new, unforeseen changes in these countries remains greater than in the united states. our business, growth, financial condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by instability or changes in a country's or region's economic conditions; changes in laws or regulations or in the interpretation of existing laws or regulations, whether caused by a change in government or otherwise; increased difficulty of conducting business in a country or region due to actual or potential political or military conflict; or action by the european union or the united states, canada or other governments that may restrict our ability to transact business in a foreign country or with certain foreign individuals or entities, such as sanctions by or against the russian federation.
in addition, transmittal of data by electronic means and telecommunications is subject to specific regulation in many countries. although these regulations have not had a material effect on us to date, changes in these regulations, including taxation or limitations on transfers of data between countries, could have a material adverse effect on our business, growth, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
the integration and conversion of our acquired operations, or other future acquisitions, if any, could result in increased operating costs if the anticipated synergies of operating both businesses as one are not achieved, a loss of strategic opportunities if management is distracted by the integration process, and a loss of customers if our service levels drop during or following the integration process.
the acquisition, integration, and conversion of businesses involve a number of risks. core risks are in the area of valuation (negotiating a fair price for the business based on inherently limited diligence) and integration and conversion (managing the complex process of integrating the acquired company's people, services, technology and other assets to realize the projected value of the acquired company and the synergies projected to be realized in connection with the acquisition). in addition, international acquisitions often involve additional or increased risks including, for example: managing geographically separated organizations, systems, and facilities; integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds and organizational cultures; complying with foreign regulatory requirements; fluctuations in currency exchange rates; enforcement of intellectual property rights in some foreign countries; difficulty entering new foreign markets due to, among other things, customer acceptance and business knowledge of those new markets; and general economic and political conditions.
20
if the integration and conversion process does not proceed smoothly, the following factors, among others, could reduce our revenues and earnings, increase our operating costs, and result in a loss of projected synergies:
•   if we are unable to successfully integrate the benefits plans, duties and responsibilities, and other factors of interest to the management and employees of the acquired business, we could lose employees to our competitors in the region, which could significantly affect our ability to operate the business and complete the integration;
•   if the integration process causes any delays with the delivery of our services, or the quality of those services, we could lose customers to our competitors, which would reduce our revenues and earnings; and
•   the acquisition and the related integration could divert the attention of our management from other strategic matters including possible acquisitions and alliances and planning for new product development or expansion into new electronic payments markets.
the costs and effects of pending and future litigation, investigations or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, could materially affect our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
we are from time-to-time involved in various litigation matters and governmental or regulatory investigations or similar matters arising out of our current or future business. our insurance or indemnities may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. furthermore, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in defending ourselves in pending or future litigation or similar matters under various laws. should the ultimate judgments or settlements in any pending litigation or future litigation or investigation significantly exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may not be able to successfully manage our intellectual property and may be subject to infringement claims.
in our rapidly developing legal framework, we rely on a combination of contractual rights and copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws to establish and protect our proprietary technology. despite our efforts to protect our intellectual property, third parties may infringe or misappropriate our intellectual property or may develop software or technology competitive to us. our competitors may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our services or design around our intellectual property rights. we may have to litigate to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights, trade secrets and know-how or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability, which is expensive and could cause a diversion of resources and may not prove successful. the loss of intellectual property protection or the inability to secure or enforce intellectual property protection could harm our business and ability to compete.
we may also be subject to costly litigation in the event our services and technology infringe upon another party's proprietary rights. third parties may have, or may eventually be issued, patents that would be infringed by our services or technology. any of these third parties could make a claim of infringement against us with respect to our services or technology. we may also be subject to claims by third parties for breach of copyright, trademark or license usage rights. any such claims and any resulting litigation could subject us to significant liability for damages. an adverse determination in any litigation of this type could limit our ability to use the intellectual property subject to these claims and require us to design around a third party's patent, which may not be possible, or to license alternative technology from another party, which may be costly. in addition, litigation is time consuming and expensive to defend and could result in the diversion of the time and attention of our management and employees.
unfavorable resolution of tax contingencies or changes to enacted tax rates could adversely affect our tax expense.
our tax returns and positions are subject to review and audit by federal, state, local and international taxing authorities. an unfavorable outcome to a tax audit could result in higher tax expense, thereby negatively affecting our results of operations. we have recognized estimated liabilities on the balance sheet for material known tax exposures relating to deductions, transactions and other matters involving some uncertainty as to the proper tax treatment of the item. these liabilities reflect what we believe to be reasonable assumptions as to the likely final resolution of each issue if raised by a taxing authority. while we believe that the liabilities are adequate to cover reasonably expected tax risks, there can be no assurance that, in all instances, an issue raised by a tax authority will be finally resolved at a financial cost less than any related liability. an unfavorable resolution, therefore, could negatively affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in the current and/or future periods.
we record deferred income taxes to reflect the effect of temporary differences between the amounts of assets and liabilities for financial accounting and income tax purposes. deferred income taxes are determined using enacted tax rates. changes in enacted tax rates may negatively affect our results of operations.
21
we may become subject to additional u.s., state or foreign taxes that cannot be passed through to our merchant services customers, in which case our earnings could be adversely affected.
as a payment processing company we are or may be subject to taxation by various jurisdictions on our net income or certain portions of our fees charged to customers for our services. application of these taxes is an emerging issue in our industry and the taxing authorities have not yet all adopted uniform regulations on this topic. if we are required to pay such taxes and are not able to pass the tax expense through to our merchant customers, our costs will increase, reducing our earnings.
we have structured our business in accordance with existing tax laws and interpretations of such laws which have been confirmed through either tax rulings or opinions obtained in various jurisdictions, including those related to value-added taxes in europe. changes in tax laws or their interpretations could decrease the value of revenues we receive and the amount of our cash flows and have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks related to our organizational and capital structure if we lose key personnel or are unable to attract additional qualified personnel as we grow, our business could be adversely affected.
all of our businesses function at the intersection of rapidly changing technological, social, economic and regulatory developments that requires a wide ranging set of expertise and intellectual capital. to successfully compete and grow, we must recruit, develop and retain the necessary personnel who can provide the needed expertise across the entire spectrum of intellectual capital needs. in addition, we must develop our personnel to fulfill succession plans capable of maintaining continuity in the midst of the inevitable unpredictability of human capital. however, the market for qualified personnel is competitive, and we may not succeed in recruiting additional personnel or may fail to effectively replace current personnel who depart with qualified or effective successors. we cannot assure that key personnel, including executive officers, will continue to be employed or that we will be able to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. failure to retain or attract key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the company's debt agreements contain restrictions that will limit our flexibility in operating our business.
our credit facilities contain various covenants that limit our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to engage in specified types of transactions. these covenants limit our ability in certain circumstances to, among other things:
•   incur additional indebtedness;
•   create liens;
•   consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets;
•   enter into certain lines of business; and
•   enter into certain transactions with affiliates.
our credit facilities also contain customary financial covenants based on our leverage ratio and our fixed charge coverage ratio.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under one or more of these agreements, including as a result of cross default provisions and, in the case of the revolving credit facility, permit the lenders to cease making loans to us. upon the occurrence of an event of default under our credit facilities, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding under our credit facilities to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. such actions by those lenders could cause cross defaults under certain of our other indebtedness. if we are unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under our credit facilities could accelerate the repayment of borrowings, and we may not have sufficient assets to repay our credit facilities as well as our other indebtedness.
our balance sheet includes significant amounts of goodwill and intangible assets. the impairment of a significant portion of these assets would negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as a result of our acquisitions, a significant portion of our total assets are intangible assets (including goodwill). goodwill and intangible assets, net of amortization, together accounted for approximately 35.4% of the total assets on our balance sheet as of may 31, 2015. we expect to engage in additional acquisitions, which may result in our recognition of additional intangible assets and goodwill. we evaluate on a regular basis whether all or a portion of our goodwill and other intangible assets may be impaired. under current accounting rules, any determination that impairment has occurred would require us to record an impairment
22
charge, which would negatively affect our earnings. an impairment of a significant portion of goodwill or intangible assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.
we may not be able to or we may decide not to pay dividends or repurchase shares at a level anticipated by shareholders of our common stock, which could reduce shareholder returns.
the extent to which we pay dividends on our common stock and repurchase our common stock in the future is at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on, among other factors, our earnings, shareholders' equity, cash position, and financial condition. no assurance can be given that we will be able to or will choose to pay any dividends or repurchase any shares in the foreseeable future.
our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective in mitigating our risk exposure in all market environments or against all types of risk.
we operate in a rapidly changing industry. accordingly, our risk management policies and procedures may not be fully effective to identify, monitor and manage our risks. if our policies and procedures are not fully effective or we are not always successful in identifying and mitigating all risks to which we are or may be exposed, we may suffer uninsured liability, harm to our reputation or be subject to litigation or regulatory actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
failure to maintain effective internal controls in accordance with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price.
section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act requires us to evaluate annually the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report.  if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act.
further, this assessment may be complicated by any acquisitions we may complete.  in certain markets, including, without limitation, china, the republic of malta and spain, our member sponsors perform payment processing operations and related support services pursuant to services agreements.  we expect that the member sponsors will continue to provide these services until such time as we may integrate these functions into our operations.  accordingly, we rely on our member sponsors to provide financial data, such as amounts billed to merchants, to assist us with compiling our accounting records.  as such, our internal control over financial reporting could be materially affected, or are reasonably likely to be materially affected, by the internal control and procedures of our member sponsors in these markets.  in order to mitigate this risk, we have implemented internal controls over financial reporting which monitor the accuracy of the financial data being provided by our member sponsors.
while we continue to dedicate resources and management time to ensuring that we have effective internal control over financial reporting, failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on the market's perception of our business and our stock price.
anti-takeover provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and provisions of georgia law could delay or prevent a change of control that individual shareholders favor.
provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and provisions of applicable georgia law may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or other change of control that shareholders may consider favorable. the provisions of our articles and by-laws, among other things:
•   divide our board of directors into three classes, with members of each class to be elected in staggered three-year terms;
•   limit the right of shareholders to remove directors;
•   regulate how shareholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at annual meetings of shareholders; and
•   authorize our board of directors to issue preferred shares in one or more series, without shareholder approval.
23
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements about our plans and expectations of what may happen in the future. forward-looking statements are based on a number of assumptions and estimates that are inherently subject to significant risks and uncertainties, and our results could differ materially from the results anticipated by our forward-looking statements as a result of many known and unknown factors, including but not limited to those discussed in "item 1a - risk factors" of this annual report. see "cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements" located above "item 1 - business."
you should read the following discussion and analysis in conjunction with "item 6 - selected financial data" and "item 8 - financial statements and supplementary data" appearing elsewhere in this annual report.
general we are a leading worldwide provider of payment technology services delivering innovative solutions to our customers. our partnerships, technologies and employee expertise enable us to provide a broad range of services that allow our customers to accept various payment types. we distribute our services across a variety of channels to merchants and partners in 29 countries throughout north america, europe, the asia-pacific region and brazil. we provide payment and digital commerce solutions and operate in two reportable segments: north america merchant services and international merchant services. based on growth, strategic acquisitions and a realigned management structure, beginning in fiscal 2016, we replaced our international merchant services segment with two new segments: europe and asia-pacific. accordingly, in fiscal 2016, we will begin presenting three geographic segments - north america, europe and asia-pacific.
we were incorporated in georgia as global payments inc. in 2000 and spun-off from our former parent company in 2001. including our time as part of our former parent company, we have been in the payments business since 1967. global payments inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries are referred to collectively as "global payments," the "company," "we," "our" or "us," unless the context requires otherwise.
our north america merchant services and international merchant services segments target customers in many industries including financial services, gaming, government, health care, professional services, restaurants, retail, universities, not-for-profit organizations and utilities.
our offerings enable merchants to accept card, electronic, check and digital-based payments at the point of sale. our primary business model provides payment services directly to merchants as our customers. we also provide similar services to financial institutions and a limited number of isos that, in turn, resell our services, in which case the financial institutions and select isos are our customers. these particular services are marketed in the united states, canada and parts of europe.
the majority of merchant services revenue is generated on services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on card type. we also charge other fees based on specific services that are unrelated to the number of transactions or the transaction value.
our services are marketed through a variety of sales channels that include a direct sales force, trade associations, agent and enterprise software providers and referral arrangements with value-added resellers, isos, as well as proprietary telesales groups. we seek to leverage the continued shift to electronic payments by expanding market share in our existing markets through our distribution channels or through acquisitions in north america, the asia-pacific region and europe, and investing in and leveraging technology and people, thereby maximizing shareholder value. we also seek to enter new markets through acquisitions in europe, the asia-pacific region and the latin america region.
our business does not have pronounced seasonality in which more than 30% of our revenues occur in one fiscal quarter. however, each geographic channel has somewhat higher and lower quarters given the nature of the portfolio. while there is some variation in seasonality across markets, the first and fourth fiscal quarters are generally the strongest, and the third fiscal quarter tends to be the weakest due to lower volumes processed in the months of january and february.
28
executive overview in fiscal 2015, revenues increased 8.6% to $2,773.7 million from $2,554.2 million in fiscal 2014, reflecting growth in most of our markets despite the unfavorable effect of currency fluctuations.
consolidated operating income was $456.6 million for fiscal 2015 compared to $405.5 million for fiscal 2014. net income attributable to global payments increased $32.8 million, or 13.4%, to $278.0 million in fiscal 2015 from $245.3 million in the prior year. diluted earnings per share increased $0.75 to $4.12 in fiscal 2015 from $3.37 in fiscal 2014.
north america merchant services segment revenues increased $159.9 million, or 8.8%, to $1,968.9 million in fiscal 2015 from $1,809.0 million in fiscal 2014. north america merchant services segment operating income increased to $293.1 million in fiscal 2015 from $272.3 million in fiscal 2014, with operating margins of 14.9% and 15.0% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. the growth in the north america merchant services segment was primarily due to growth in our u.s. direct distribution channels, including our integrated solutions business, which also reflects the addition of payment processing, inc. ("paypros"), partially offset by unfavorable effects of currency fluctuations in canada.
international merchant services segment revenues increased $59.6 million, or 8.0%, to $804.8 million in fiscal 2015 from $745.2 million in fiscal 2014. international merchant services operating income increased to $279.7 million in fiscal 2015 from $240.2 million in fiscal 2014, with operating margins of 34.8% and 32.2% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. the growth in the international merchant services segment for fiscal 2015 included growth in both europe and the asia-pacific region. revenue growth in europe was driven primarily by card transaction and volume growth and a decrease in interchange rates in spain, an increase in service fees in the united kingdom and growth in our e-commerce channel, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of currency fluctuations and weakness in russia. revenue growth in the asia-pacific region was primarily due to growth in card transactions and volume, including increases from the acquisition of ezi holdings pty ltd ("ezidebit"), as described below, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of currency fluctuations.
on october 10, 2014, we completed the acquisition of ezidebit for aud302.6 million in cash ($266.0 million equivalent as of the acquisition date). this acquisition was funded by a combination of cash on hand and borrowings on our revolving credit facility. ezidebit is a leading integrated payments company focused on recurring payments verticals in australia and new zealand. ezidebit markets its services through a network of integrated software vendors and direct channels to numerous vertical markets. we acquired ezidebit to establish a direct distribution channel in australia and new zealand and to further enhance our existing integrated solutions offerings.
on march 25, 2015, we acquired approximately 95% of the outstanding shares of pay and shop limited for €110.2 million in cash ($118.9 million equivalent as of the acquisition date) funded by borrowings on our revolving credit facility. pay and shop limited, which does business as realex payments, is a leading european online payment gateway technology provider based in dublin, ireland. this transaction furthers our strategy to provide omni-channel solutions that combine gateway services, payment service provisioning and merchant acquiring across europe.
on september 30, 2014, we entered into an asset purchase agreement with certegy check services, inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of fidelity national information services, inc. ("fis"), to acquire substantially all of the assets of its gaming business related to licensed gaming operators (the "fis gaming business"). on june 1, 2015, after the end of fiscal 2015, we completed the acquisition, which includes approximately 260 gaming client locations, for $237.5 million in cash, funded from borrowings on our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. we acquired the fis gaming business to expand our direct distribution and service offerings in the gaming industry.
on december 17, 2014, we announced an agreement with bank of the philippine islands ("bpi") to provide merchant acquiring and payment services in the philippines. we believe this arrangement will enable us to expand our direct distribution in the philippines, further leverage our technological strengths and provide superior product and service offerings to customers in the philippines. under this arrangement, bpi will contribute its existing merchant acquiring business to our subsidiary in the philippines, global payments asia-pacific philippines incorporated ("gp philippines"), in return for a 49% ownership interest in gp philippines and a cash payment of $3.6 million. we will retain a controlling 51% interest in gp philippines. we expect the acquisition to close late in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
29
on july 27, 2015, we announced an agreement with caixabank, s.a. ("caixabank") and erste group bank ag ("erste group") to form a venture to provide merchant acquiring and payment services in three core central and eastern europe locations: the czech republic, the slovak republic and romania. as part of the agreement, global payments and caixabank will form an entity, of which global payments will have a 51 percent majority interest. this newly formed entity will pay €30 million ($33 million equivalent as of the agreement date) in cash to acquire a 51 percent majority ownership in the venture with erste group, which will contribute its existing merchant acquiring businesses in each of the three countries to the venture and hold a 49 percent interest. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of fiscal 2016, subject to receipt of regulatory approvals and satisfaction of customary closing conditions.
see "note 3 - business and intangible asset acquisitions and joint ventures" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of these acquisitions.
results of operations revenues the majority of merchant services revenue is generated by services priced as a percentage of transaction value or a specified fee per transaction, depending on card type. we also charge other fees based on specific services that are unrelated to the number or value of transactions. these revenues depend upon a number of factors, such as demand for and price of our services, the technological competitiveness of our offerings, our reputation for providing timely and reliable service, competition within our industry and general economic conditions.
in direct merchant acquiring, we provide payment services to merchants and fund settlement either directly, in markets where we have direct membership with the payment networks, or through our relationship with a member bank in markets where we are sponsored. revenues for direct merchant services are recognized in the amount of merchant billing net of interchange. we market our direct merchant services through a variety of sales channels, including a direct sales force, trade associations, agent and enterprise software providers and referral arrangements with value-added resellers, which we generally refer to as "direct distribution." we also sell through our iso channel, in which case, the iso receives a share of the merchant profitability in the form of a monthly residual payment, which is reflected as a component of selling, general and administrative expense.
in indirect merchant acquiring, the partner, typically a financial institution or an iso, is our customer. we provide payment services to the indirect customer's merchants, but do not provide sponsorship or funds settlement. we bill the indirect customer fees for transactions and various other services, which are recognized as revenue.
operating expenses cost of service cost of service consists primarily of salaries, wages and related expenses paid to operations and technology-related personnel, including those who monitor our transaction processing systems and settlement functions; assessments and other fees paid to card networks; the cost of transaction processing systems, including third-party services; the cost of network telecommunications capability; depreciation and occupancy costs associated with the facilities performing these functions; amortization of intangible assets and provisions for operating losses.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of commissions paid to isos, independent contractors and other third parties; salaries, wages and related expenses paid to sales personnel, non-revenue producing customer support functions, administrative employees and management; other selling expenses; occupancy costs of leased space directly related to these functions; share-based compensation expense and advertising costs.
30
operating income and operating margin for the purpose of discussing segment operations, we refer to "operating income," which is calculated by subtracting segment direct expenses from segment revenues. overhead and shared expenses, including share-based compensation, are not allocated to segment operations; they are reported in the caption "corporate." similarly, we refer to "operating margin" regarding segment operations, which is calculated by dividing segment operating income by segment revenues.
fiscal year ended may 31, 2015 compared to fiscal year ended may 31, 2014
the following table sets forth key selected financial data for the years ended may 31, 2015 and 2014, this data as a percentage of total revenues, and the changes between fiscal years in dollars and as a percentage of fiscal 2014.
(dollar amounts in thousands)                        2015          % of revenue(1)                    2014          % of revenue(1)                 change             % change revenues:
united states                              $1,655,872               59.7         %          $1,488,659               58.3         %          $167,213               11.2      %
canada                                        313,018               11.3         %             320,333               12.5         %            (7,315    )          (2.3     )%
north america merchant services             1,968,890               71.0         %           1,808,992               70.8         %           159,898                8.8      %
europe                                        615,966               22.2         %             587,463               23.0         %            28,503                4.9      %
asia-pacific                                  188,862                6.8         %             157,781                6.2         %            31,081               19.7      %
international merchant services               804,828               29.0         %             745,244               29.2         %            59,584                8.0      %
total revenues                             $2,773,718                100         %          $2,554,236                100         %          $219,482                8.6      %
consolidated operating expenses:
cost of service                            $1,022,107               36.8         %            $952,225               37.3         %           $69,882                7.3      %
selling, general and administrative         1,295,014               46.7         %           1,203,512               47.1         %            91,502                7.6      %
processing system intrusion                         -                  -         %              (7,000   )           (0.3        )%             7,000             (100.0     )%
operating income                             $456,597               16.5         %            $405,499               15.9         %           $51,098               12.6      %
operating income (loss) for segments:
north america merchant services              $293,139                                         $272,251                                        $20,888                7.7      %
international merchant services               279,711                                          240,179                                         39,532               16.5      %
corporate(2)                                 (116,253   )                                     (106,931   )                                     (9,322    )           8.7      %
operating income                             $456,597                                         $405,499                                        $51,098               12.6      %
operating margin for segments:
north america merchant services                  14.9   %                                         15.0   %                                       (0.1   )%
international merchant services                  34.8   %                                         32.2   %                            2.6                %
(1) percentage amounts may not sum to the total due to rounding.
(2) includes a processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million in fiscal 2014.
revenues for fiscal 2015 revenues increased 8.6% to $2,773.7 million compared to the prior year, reflecting growth in most of our markets, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. for the year ended may 31, 2015, currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our revenues by $78.4 million compared to the prior year, calculated by converting fiscal 2015 revenues in local currency using fiscal 2014 exchange rates.
31
north america merchant services segment. for fiscal 2015, revenues from our north america merchant services segment increased 8.8% to $1,968.9 million compared to the prior year despite the effect of the unfavorable effect of currency fluctuations in canada. u.s. revenue growth was driven by growth in our direct distribution channels, including our integrated solutions business, which also reflects the addition of paypros.
for fiscal 2015, canada revenues decreased 2.3% to $313.0 million due to the unfavorable effect of changes in exchange rates, which outweighed revenue growth achieved in local currency resulting from stable business performance and selective pricing initiatives.
international merchant services segment. for fiscal 2015, international merchant services revenues increased 8.0% to $804.8 million compared to the prior year despite the effect of unfavorable currency fluctuations in europe and the asia-pacific region. our europe merchant services revenues for fiscal 2015 increased 4.9% to $616.0 million compared to the prior year driven primarily by card transaction and volume growth and a decrease in interchange rates in spain, service fee growth in the united kingdom and growth in our e-commerce channel, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in exchange rates and weakness in russia.
asia-pacific merchant services revenues for fiscal 2015 increased 19.7% to $188.9 million compared to the prior year due largely to card transaction and volume growth, including the addition of ezidebit, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in exchange rates.
operating expenses cost of service. cost of service increased 7.3% during fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year. as a percentage of revenues, cost of service decreased to 36.8% for fiscal year 2015 compared to 37.3% in the prior year. the increase in cost of service for fiscal 2015 was driven primarily by an increase in the variable costs associated with revenue growth and additional intangible asset amortization and other incremental cost of service associated with our acquisitions of paypros and ezidebit, partially offset by favorable effects of changes in exchange rates.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7.6% during fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year. as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses decreased to 46.7% for fiscal year 2015 from 47.1% in the prior year. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses for fiscal 2015 was primarily due to an increase in commission payments to third-party sales partners and incremental costs related to our acquisitions of paypros and ezidebit.
processing system intrusion. in march 2012, we self-reported unauthorized access into a limited portion of our north america card processing system and potential unauthorized access to servers containing personal information collected from u.s. merchants who applied for processing services. during fiscal 2014, we recorded a credit of $7.0 million for insurance recoveries related to the processing system intrusion.
operating income and operating margin for segments north america merchant services segment. operating income in north america merchant services segment increased 7.7% to $293.1 million for fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year despite the effect of unfavorable currency fluctuations in canada. the increase in operating income was primarily due to growth in our u.s. direct distribution channels, including the addition of paypros to our integrated solutions business, partially offset by intangible asset amortization and other incremental operating costs associated with paypros and the unfavorable effect of exchange rate fluctuations in canada. the operating margin was 14.9% and 15.0% for the fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively.
international merchant services segment. operating income in international merchant services segment increased 16.5% to $279.7 million for fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year despite the effect of unfavorable currency fluctuations in europe and the asia-pacific region. the increase in operating income was driven primarily by revenue growth in spain and the united kingdom, as well as the incremental operating income from our acquisition of ezidebit, partially offset by the unfavorable effect of exchange rate fluctuations in europe and the asia-pacific region and weakness in russia. the operating margin was 34.8% and 32.2% for the fiscal years 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in operating margin reflects increased profitability in spain, higher margin service fee income in the united kingdom and the addition of ezidebit.
32
corporate. corporate expenses increased 8.7% to $116.3 million for fiscal 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to settlement of a legal claim in europe during fiscal 2015 and a credit of $7.0 million associated with the processing system intrusion recorded in fiscal 2014.
operating income during fiscal 2015, our consolidated operating income increased 12.6% to $456.6 million from $405.5 million in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth in our north america and international merchant services segments partially offset by higher variable costs of services associated with revenue growth, higher intangible asset amortization and other incremental operating costs associated with paypros and ezidebit and the unfavorable effect of exchange rate fluctuations. operating income for fiscal 2014 also reflects the effect of the processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million.
other income/expense, net other expense, net, increased to $39.5 million for fiscal 2015 compared to $28.1 million in the prior year. the increase is primarily due to a $10.5 million increase in interest expense on our long-term debt and other credit facilities, resulting from an increase in average balances outstanding under those debt facilities, and an increase in equity method losses on investments in unconsolidated entities, partially offset by a reversal of interest expense of $3.6 million that had been accrued related to an unrecognized tax benefit. as of may 31, 2015, we eliminated the liability for an unrecognized tax benefit and reduced interest and other expense in the year ended may 31, 2015 in our accompanying consolidated statement of income. see "note 8 - income tax" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
during fiscal 2014, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.1 million in connection with the refinancing of our term loan and revolving credit facilities. in addition, during fiscal 2014, we made a final dividend payment to hsbc asia in the amount of $3.3 million related to a redeemable noncontrolling interest that hsbc asia held in global payments asia-pacific. the dividend was reflected as interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. see "note 3 - business and intangible asset acquisitions and joint ventures-redeemable noncontrolling interest acquisition" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
during fiscal 2014, we recorded a $2.1 million gain in connection with the sale of 50% of our subsidiary in brazil. see "note 3 - business and intangible asset acquisitions and joint ventures-comercia global payments brazil" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rates were 25.9% and 28.5% for fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. the effective tax rate for fiscal year 2014 reflects the reduction to the carrying amount of certain u.k. deferred tax assets due to enacted corporate tax rate reductions in the united kingdom of 3 percentage points. our effective tax rate differs from the u.s. statutory rate primarily due to income generated in international jurisdictions with lower tax rates.
noncontrolling interests, net of tax noncontrolling interests, net of tax increased to $31.1 million for fiscal 2015 compared to $24.7 million in the prior year. the increase is due primarily to income growth in spain conducted through comercia global payments, of which we own a controlling 51% interest.
33
fiscal year ended may 31, 2014 compared to fiscal year ended may 31, 2013
the following table shows key selected financial data for the years ended may 31, 2014 and 2013, this data as a percentage of total revenues, and the changes between fiscal years in dollars and as a percentage of fiscal 2013.
(dollar amounts in thousands)                        2014           % of revenue (1)                    2013           % of revenue (1)                 change             % change revenues:
united states                              $1,488,659                58.3          %          $1,394,675                58.7          %           $93,984                6.7      %
canada                                        320,333                12.5          %             311,000                13.1          %             9,333                3.0      %
north america merchant services             1,808,992                70.8          %           1,705,675                71.8          %           103,317                6.1      %
europe                                        587,463                23.0          %             522,593                22.0          %            64,870               12.4      %
asia-pacific                                  157,781                 6.2          %             147,655                 6.2          %            10,126                6.9      %
international merchant services               745,244                29.2          %             670,248                28.2          %            74,996               11.2      %
total revenues                             $2,554,236               100.0          %          $2,375,923               100.0          %          $178,313                7.5      %
consolidated operating expenses:
cost of service                              $952,225                37.3          %            $862,075                36.3          %           $90,150               10.5      %
selling, general and administrative         1,203,512                47.1          %           1,119,860                47.1          %            83,652                7.5      %
processing system intrusion                    (7,000   )            (0.3         )%              36,775                 1.5          %           (43,775    )        (119.0     )%
operating income                             $405,499                15.9          %            $357,213                15.0          %           $48,286               13.5      %
operating income (loss) for segments:
north america merchant services              $272,251                                           $258,910                                          $13,341                5.2      %
international merchant services               240,179                                            211,242                                           28,937               13.7      %
corporate(2)                                 (106,931   )                                       (112,939   )                                        6,008               (5.3     )%
operating income                             $405,499                                           $357,213                                          $48,286               13.5      %
operating margin for segments:
north america merchant services                  15.0   %                                           15.2   %                                         (0.2   )%
international merchant services                  32.2   %                                           31.5   %                              0.7                %
(1) percentage amounts may not sum to the total due to rounding.
(2) includes a processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million in fiscal 2014 and a charge of $36.8 million in fiscal 2013.
revenues for fiscal 2014, revenues increased 7.5% to $2,554.2 million compared to the prior year, reflecting growth in all of our markets. our revenues were affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. for fiscal 2014, currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our revenues by $10.8 million compared to the prior year, calculated by converting fiscal 2014 revenues in local currency using fiscal 2013 rates.
north america merchant services segment. for fiscal 2014, revenues from our north america merchant services segment increased 6.1% to $1,809.0 million compared to the prior year. north america revenue growth was driven by our u.s. direct distribution channels, including paypros, as well as our iso channels and growth in canada. we grew our u.s. revenues primarily by adding small and mid-market merchants in diversified vertical markets. for fiscal 2014, our u.s. credit and debit card processed transactions grew 6.6% compared to the prior year, excluding the effect of paypros.
34
for fiscal 2014, our canadian revenues increased 3.0% to $320.3 million primarily due to credit card transaction growth and assessment-based pricing changes, partially offset by unfavorable changes in exchange rates. for fiscal 2014, our total canadian transactions grew 2.5% compared to the prior year, including 4.6% growth in credit card transactions.
international merchant services segment. for fiscal 2014, international merchant services revenues increased 11.2% to $745.2 million compared to the prior year. our europe merchant services revenues for fiscal 2014 increased 12.4% to $587.5 million compared to the prior year driven primarily by transaction growth in all markets as well as growth in our e-commerce services. asia-pacific merchant services revenues for fiscal 2014 increased 6.9% to $157.8 million compared to the prior year due largely to pricing increases and new assessments.
operating expenses cost of service. cost of service increased 10.5% during fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year, driven primarily by an increase in the variable costs associated with revenue growth and an increase in amortization expense associated with our acquisitions of accelerated payment technologies ("apt") and paypros. as a percentage of revenues, cost of service increased to 37.3% for fiscal year 2014 from 36.3% in the prior year.
selling, general and administrative expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses increased 7.5% during fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year primarily due to an increase in commission payments to isos, incremental costs related to our acquisitions of apt and paypros, acceleration of equity awards and other costs associated with the retirement of our former chairman and chief executive officer and charges related to employee termination benefits. as a percentage of revenues, selling, general and administrative expenses remained unchanged at 47.1% for fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013.
processing system intrusion. during fiscal 2014, we recorded a credit of $7.0 million related to insurance recoveries associated with the processing system intrusion described above, and during fiscal 2013, we recorded a $36.8 million charge related to the incident.
operating income and operating margin for segments north america merchant services segment. operating income in north america merchant services segment increased 5.2% to $272.3 million for fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year. the increase in operating income was primarily due to the increases in transactions and volume in our u.s. direct distribution channels, as well as growth in canada. this increase was partially offset by amortization and other incremental costs associated with our acquisitions of apt and paypros and unfavorable changes in exchange rates in canada. the operating margin was 15.0% and 15.2% for the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively.
international merchant services segment. operating income in international merchant services segment increased 13.7% to $240.2 million for fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year. the increase in operating income was driven primarily by increased transactions and volume in europe and the asia-pacific region as well as pricing increases in the asia-pacific region. the operating margin was 32.2% and 31.5% for the fiscal years 2014 and 2013, respectively.
corporate. our corporate expenses decreased 5.3% to$106.9 million for fiscal 2014 compared to the prior year primarily due a decrease in costs associated with the processing system intrusion partially offset by higher data security expenses and share-based compensation expense. corporate operating expenses includes a processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million for fiscal 2014 and a charge of $36.8 million for fiscal 2013.
35
operating income during fiscal 2014, our consolidated operating income increased 13.5% to $405.5 million from $357.2 million in the prior year. the increase was primarily due to revenue growth in our north america and international merchant services segments offset by higher variable costs of services associated with revenue growth, higher amortization and other incremental costs associated with acquisitions, higher data security expenses and acceleration of equity awards and other costs associated with the retirement of our former chairman and chief executive officer and charges related to employee termination benefits. operating income also reflects the processing system intrusion credit of $7.0 million and charge of $36.8 million for fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013, respectively.
other income/expense, net other expense, net, increased to $28.1 million for fiscal 2014 compared to $22.9 million in the prior year. the increase is primarily due to an $8.2 million increase in interest expense associated with debt and the loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.1 million that we recorded in connection with the refinancing of our term loan and revolving credit facility; offset by a $5.1 million reduction in the amount of dividends paid to hsbc asia related to a redeemable noncontrolling interest that hsbc asia held in global payments asia-pacific. such dividends are reflected as interest expense in our consolidated statements of income. see "note 3 - business and intangible asset acquisition and joint ventures-redeemable noncontrolling interest acquisition" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rates were 28.5% and 28.6% for the years ended may 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the effective tax rates for the years ended may 31, 2014 and 2013 reflect adjustments to our u.k. deferred tax asset due to corporate tax rate reductions in the united kingdom of 3 percentage points and 2 percentage points, respectively. our effective tax rates differ from u.s. statutory rates primarily due to income generated in lower tax jurisdictions due to international expansion.
noncontrolling interests, net of tax noncontrolling interests, net of tax increased to $24.7 million for fiscal 2014 compared to $22.6 million in the prior year. the increase was due primarily to income growth in spain conducted through comercia global payments, of which we own a controlling 51% interest.
liquidity and capital resources a significant portion of our liquidity comes from operating cash flows. cash flow from operations is used to make planned capital investments in our business, to pursue acquisitions that meet our corporate objectives, to pay dividends, and to pay down debt and repurchase shares of our common stock at the discretion of our board of directors. accumulated cash balances are invested in high-quality, marketable short-term instruments.
our capital plan objectives are to support the company's operational needs and strategic plan for long-term growth while maintaining a low cost of capital. short-term lines of credit are used in certain of our markets to fund settlement. other bank financing, such as our corporate credit facility and our term loan, are used for general corporate purposes and to fund acquisitions. we regularly evaluate our liquidity and capital position relative to cash requirements, and we may elect to raise additional funds in the future, either through the issuance of debt, equity or otherwise.
at may 31, 2015, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $650.7 million. of this amount, we consider $195.2 million to be available cash. available cash excludes $417.2 million of settlement-related and merchant reserve cash balances. settlement-related cash balances represent funds that we hold when the incoming amount from the card networks precedes the funding obligation to the merchant. settlement-related cash balances are not restricted; however, these funds are generally paid out in satisfaction of settlement processing obligations the following day. merchant reserve cash balances represent funds collected from our merchants that serve as collateral to minimize contingent liabilities associated with any losses that may occur under the merchant agreement ("merchant reserves"). at may 31, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents included $180.2 million related to merchant reserves. while
36
this cash is not restricted in its use, we believe that designating this cash to collateralize merchant reserves strengthens our fiduciary standing with our member sponsors and is in accordance with the guidelines set by the card networks.
our available cash balance includes $170.3 million of cash held by foreign subsidiaries whose earnings are considered permanently reinvested for u.s. tax purposes. these cash balances reflect our capital investments in these subsidiaries and the accumulation of cash flows generated by their operations, net of cash flows used to service debt locally and fund acquisitions outside of the united states. we believe that we are able to maintain a sufficient level of liquidity for our domestic operations and commitments without repatriation of the earnings of these foreign subsidiaries. if we were to repatriate some or all of the cash held by such foreign subsidiaries, we do not believe that the associated income tax liabilities would have a significant effect on our liquidity.
during year ended may 31, 2015, we changed from the sponsorship model to a direct membership model in several of our global markets. as a result, for these markets, we have recorded the gross positions of settlement assets and obligations at may 31, 2015 in our consolidated balance sheet; whereas, these positions were reflected on a net basis in the prior year. these changes have had the effect of increasing the settlement processing asset and settlement processing obligation positions in our consolidated balance sheet at may 31, 2015 but had no effect on our net financial position or cash flows. in addition, these balances may vary significantly between reporting periods as the balances are affected by the timing of period-end. see "note 2 - settlement processing assets and obligations" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our accounting and presentation of settlement processing assets and obligations.
operating activities provided net cash of $424.7 million during fiscal 2015 compared to $194.1 million during the prior year. the increase in cash flow from operating activities was primarily due to growth in our earnings and changes in working capital, including settlement processing assets and obligations whose net asset position increased significantly more during fiscal 2014 than during fiscal 2015.
net cash used in investing activities was $440.9 million during fiscal 2015 and $501.7 million in the prior year. during fiscal 2015, we invested net cash of $359.2 million to acquire ezidebit, realex and other assets, including additional investments of $11.4 million in global payments brazil. in fiscal 2014, we acquired paypros and other assets for $426.5 million. we made capital expenditures of $92.6 million and $81.4 million during fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively, including $35.1 million and $39.1 million of capitalized software development costs. during fiscal 2016, we expect capital expenditures to approximate $105.0 million. cash flows from investing activities also included proceeds of $10.4 million received during fiscal 2015 from the sale of a component of our russia business that leased automated teller machines.
during fiscal 2015, we entered into agreements to acquire businesses in the united states and the asia-pacific region: the fis gaming business and the bpi merchant acquiring business, respectively. we completed the acquisition of the fis gaming business on june 1, 2015 for $237.5 million in cash, which was funded from borrowings on our revolving credit facility and cash on hand. late in the first quarter of fiscal 2016, we expect to complete the acquisition of the bpi merchant acquiring business in return for a 49% ownership interest in gp philippines and a cash payment of $3.6 million.
financing activities provided net cash of $141.4 million during fiscal 2015 and $218.9 million in the prior year. during fiscal 2015, net borrowings under long-term debt were $347.9 million compared to $429.4 million in the prior year. borrowings made during fiscal 2015 were used primarily to fund a portion of our business acquisitions. in fiscal 2014, we closed a five-year senior unsecured $1.25 billion term loan facility, paid off previously existing debt of $902.5 million and paid fees and expenses of $6.0 million. in connection with the fiscal 2014 debt refinancing, we entered into a five-year senior unsecured $1 billion revolving credit facility under which we borrowed $140.0 million during the remainder of fiscal 2014. in addition, in fiscal 2015, we made net borrowings on short-term lines of credit used to fund settlement of $198.9 million compared to $252.7 million in the prior year. fluctuations in short-term lines of credit are largely due to the effect of timing of year-end on settlement. cash flows from financing activities also included common stock repurchases of $372.4 million during fiscal 2015 and $447.3 million in the prior year and cash used to fund distributions to noncontrolling interests and dividends to our shareholders.
we believe that our current level of cash and borrowing capacity under our debt facilities together with future cash flows from operations, will be sufficient to meet the needs of our existing operations and planned requirements for the foreseeable future.
37
long-term debt and credit facilities we have a five-year senior unsecured $1.25 billion term loan that bears interest, at our election, at either libor or a base rate, in each case plus a leverage-based margin. we used proceeds from the term loan to partially fund our acquisition of paypros on march 4, 2014 and to repay the outstanding balances on our previously existing term loan and revolving credit facility. from may 2015 to november 2018, the term loan has scheduled quarterly principal payments of 1.25%, increasing up to 2.50%, of the original principal balance. the term loan expires on february 28, 2019. at maturity, 27.5% of the term loan will have been repaid through scheduled principal payments and the remaining principal balance will be due. with notice, the term loan may be voluntarily prepaid at any time, in whole or in part, without penalty.
we also have a five-year senior unsecured $1 billion revolving credit facility that bears interest, at our election, at either libor or a base rate, in each case plus a leverage-based margin. the revolving credit facility is available for general corporate purposes, and borrowing under the corporate credit facility is available in various currencies. the revolving credit facility allows us to issue standby letters of credit of up to $100 million in the aggregate. outstanding letters of credit under the revolving credit facility reduce the amount of borrowings available to us. borrowings available to us under the revolving credit facility are further limited by the covenants described below under "compliance with covenants." at may 31, 2015 and 2014, we had standby letters of credit of $7.6 million and $8.1 million, respectively. the total available incremental borrowings under our revolving credit facility at may 31, 2015 and 2014 was $484.3 million and $851.9 million, respectively. the revolving credit facility expires on february 28, 2019.
the agreements contain customary affirmative and restrictive covenants, including, among others, financial covenants based on our leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios. see "compliance with covenants" below. each of the agreements includes customary events of default, the occurrence of which, following any applicable cure period, would permit lenders to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations to be immediately due and payable.
short-term lines of credit we have short-term lines of credit with banks in the united states and canada as well as several countries in europe and asia that are restricted for use in funding settlement. the credit facilities are generally denominated in local currency but may, in some cases, facilitate borrowings in multiple currencies. for certain of our lines of credit, the line of credit balance is reduced by the amount of cash we have on deposit in specific accounts with the lender when determining the available credit. accordingly, the amount of the outstanding line of credit may exceed the stated credit limit when the net position is less than the credit limit. as of may 31, 2015, a total of $193.2 million of cash on deposit was used to determine the available credit.
as of may 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, we had $592.6 million and $440.1 million outstanding under these short-term lines of credit with additional capacity as of may 31, 2015 of $567.5 million to fund settlement. during the year ended may 31, 2015, the maximum and average outstanding balances under these lines of credit were $1,258.7 million and $647.3 million, respectively. our maximum outstanding amount was greater than our period-end balance due to the timing of settlement funding.
compliance with covenants there are certain financial and non-financial covenants contained in our various credit facilities and term loan. our term loan and corporate credit facility agreements include financial covenants requiring (i) a leverage ratio no greater than 3.50 to 1.00 (3.75 to 1.00 in the case of a business acquisition, subject to certain conditions) and (ii) a fixed charge coverage ratio no less than 2.50 to 1.00. we complied with all applicable covenants as of and for the year ended may 31, 2015.
see "note 6 - long-term debt and credit facilities" in the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our borrowing arrangements.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have not entered into any transactions with unconsolidated entities whereby we have financial guarantees, subordinated retained interest, derivative instruments, or other contingent arrangements that expose us to material continuing risks, contingent liabilities, or other obligations under a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity that provides us with financing, liquidity, market, or credit risk support other than the guarantee services described under "critical accounting policies" below.
38
bin/ica agreements we have entered into sponsorship or depository and processing agreements with certain banks. these agreements allow us to use the banks' identification numbers, referred to as bank identification number ("bin") for visa transactions and interbank card association ("ica") number for mastercard transactions, to clear credit card transactions through visa and mastercard. certain of such agreements contain financial covenants, and we were in compliance with all such covenants as of may 31, 2015.
commitments and contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commitments as of may 31, 2015:
payments due by future period total            less than 1 year               1-3 years                 3-5 years       5+ years
(in thousands)
long-term debt                      $1,742,500                 $62,500                  $203,125                $1,476,875             $-
interest on long-term debt(1)          126,672                  40,576                    66,321                    19,775             -
short-term lines of credit             592,629                 592,629                         -                         -             -
operating lease obligations(2)          57,998                  13,878                    20,315                    14,633             9,172
purchase obligations(3)                166,545                  63,531                    85,745                    17,269             -
(1)  interest on long-term debt is based on rates effective and amounts borrowed as of may 31, 2015. the estimated effect of interest rate swaps is included in interest on long-term debt. since the contractual rates for our long-term debt and interest rate swaps are variable, actual cash payments may differ from the estimates provided.
(2) includes future minimum lease payments for noncancelable operating leases at may 31, 2015.
(3) includes estimate of future payments for contractual obligations related to service arrangements with vendors for fixed or minimum amounts.
the table above excludes other obligations that we may have, such as employee benefit plan obligations, unrecognized tax benefits, and other current and noncurrent liabilities reflected in our consolidated balance sheet. at this time, we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of these payments; therefore, such amounts are not included in the above contractual obligation table.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles, which often require the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. we consider the following accounting policies to be critical to understanding our consolidated financial statements because the application of these policies requires significant judgment on the part of management, and as a result, actual future developments may be different from those expected at the time that we make these critical judgments. we have discussed these critical accounting policies with the audit committee of the board of directors.
accounting estimates necessarily require subjective determinations about future events and conditions. therefore, the following descriptions of our critical accounting policies are forward-looking statements, and actual results could differ materially from the results anticipated by these forward-looking statements. you should read the following in conjunction with "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements and the risk factors contained in "item 1a - risk factors" of this annual report.
reserve for operating losses we experience losses in our card processing services when we are unable to collect amounts from merchant customers for any charges properly reversed by the card issuing bank. when we are not able to collect these amounts from the merchants due to merchant fraud, insolvency, bankruptcy or any other reason, we may be liable for the reversed charges. we have historically experienced losses due to merchant defaults. we require cash deposits, guarantees, letters of credit and other types of collateral by certain merchants
39
to minimize any such contingent liability, and we also utilize a number of systems and procedures to manage merchant risk. we experience check guarantee losses when we are unable to collect the full amount of a guaranteed check from the checkwriter. we refer to both merchant credit losses and check guarantee losses collectively as "operating losses." please refer to "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a further explanation of these operating losses.
we record reserves for our estimated liability for operating losses. this estimate of losses is comprised of estimated known losses and estimated incurred but not reported losses. estimated known losses arise from specific instances of, for example, merchant bankruptcies, closures or fraud of which we are aware at the balance sheet date, but for which the ultimate amount of associated loss will not be determined until after the balance sheet date. estimated known loss accruals are recorded when it is probable that we have incurred a loss and the loss is reasonably estimable. estimated known losses are calculated at the merchant level based on chargebacks received to date, processed volume, and historical chargeback ratios. the estimate is reduced for any collateral that we hold. accruals for estimated known losses are evaluated periodically and adjusted as appropriate based on actual loss experience. incurred but not reported losses result from transactions that we process before the balance sheet date for which we have not yet received chargeback notification. we estimate incurred but not reported losses by applying historical loss ratios to our direct merchant credit card and signature debit card sales volumes processed, or processed volume. historically, this estimation process has been materially accurate.
for the years ended may 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, our processed volume for direct merchant acquiring was $207.2 billion, $201.2 billion, and $192.8 billion, respectively. for these same periods, the provision for merchant losses was $4.9 million, $8.7 million, and $9.5 million, respectively. as a percentage of processed volume, these charges were 0.0024%, 0.0043%, and 0.0049%, respectively, during the corresponding periods. for these same years, we experienced actual losses of $5.4 million, $9.3 million, and $9.5 million, respectively. we believe that our estimation process has been materially accurate on a historical basis. a 10% increase or decrease in our provision for merchant losses as a percentage of processed volume for the year ended may 31, 2015 would have resulted in a decrease or increase in pretax income of $0.5 million. further, if our provision for merchant losses as a percentage of processed volume for fiscal 2015 had equaled our actual merchant losses as a percentage of processed volume of 0.0043% for the same prior year period, our income before income taxes would have decreased by $4.0 million. as of may 31, 2015 and 2014, $1.3 million and $1.7 million, respectively, were recorded for merchant losses and were included in settlement processing obligations in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
in our check guarantee service offering, we charge our merchants a percentage of the gross amount of the check and guarantee payment of the check to the merchant in the event the check is not honored by the checkwriter's bank. we have the right to collect the full amount of the check from the checkwriter, but have not historically recovered 100% of the guaranteed checks. our check guarantee loss reserve is comprised of estimated losses on returned checks and estimated incurred but not reported losses.  we estimate the loss on returned checks by applying historical collection rates to our claims receivable balance.  we estimate incurred but not reported losses by applying historical loss ratios to the face value of our guaranteed checks.  for the years ended may 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we guaranteed total check face values of $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion and $2.6 billion, respectively. for those same periods, we recorded provisions for check guarantee losses of $9.6 million, $11.9 million, and $11.7 million, respectively. as a percentage of the total guaranteed check face value, these charges were 0.38%, 0.46%, and 0.44%, respectively. for these same years, we experienced actual losses of $9.9 million, $12.1 million, and $12.0 million, respectively. we believe that our estimation process has been materially accurate on a historical basis. a 10% increase in our projected loss rate for the year ended may 31, 2015 would have resulted in a decrease in income before income taxes of $1.0 million. further, if our guarantee loss as a percentage of guarantee volume for fiscal 2015 had equaled our guarantee loss as a percentage of guarantee volume of 0.46% for the same prior year period, our income before income taxes would have decreased by $2.0 million. as of may 31, 2015 and 2014, we had a check guarantee reserve of $2.7 million and $3.0 million, respectively, which is included as a valuation allowance against claims receivable in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.
we derive our projected loss rate assumptions primarily based on a rolling six to twelve month analysis of historic loss activity. these assumptions, however, bear the risk of change, which may occur as a result of several qualitative factors. for merchant losses, these factors include the following: a change in the creditworthiness of our merchant customers; a change in the levels of credit card fraud affecting our merchant customers; and a change in the effectiveness of our internal credit, risk management, and collection departments. for check guarantee losses, these factors include a change in the levels of dishonored consumer checks presented to our guarantee service merchant customers and a change in the effectiveness of our internal check guarantee procedures, customer acceptance and retention policies, or collection protocols. application of our percentage assumptions involve uncertainty regarding
40
changes in any of the factors above, especially those that are outside of our control, such as the financial health of the economies in the united states, canada, the united kingdom, spain, the asia-pacific region and the russian federation at a regional or national level and the related impact on our customers.
goodwill goodwill is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level. we test goodwill for impairment annually as of january 1 and more often if an event occurs or circumstances change that would indicate the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount. we have the option of performing a qualitative assessment of impairment to determine whether any further quantitative testing for impairment is necessary. the option of whether or not to perform a qualitative assessment is made annually and may vary by reporting unit.
factors we consider in the qualitative assessment include general macroeconomic conditions, industry and market conditions, cost factors, overall financial performance of our reporting units, events or changes affecting the composition or carrying amount of the net assets of our reporting units, sustained decrease in our share price, and other relevant entity-specific events. if we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment or if we determine, on the basis of qualitative factors, that the fair value of the reporting unit is more likely than not less than the carrying value, a two-step quantitative test is required. in the first step, the reporting unit's carrying amount, including goodwill, is compared to its fair value. if the carrying amount of the reporting unit is greater than its fair value, step two must be performed. step two measures the impairment loss, if any, by comparing the implied fair value of reporting unit goodwill with the carrying amount of that goodwill. the implied fair value of goodwill is determined by assigning the fair value of the reporting unit to all the assets and liabilities of that unit (including unrecognized intangibles) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination. the excess of the fair value over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit is the implied fair value of the goodwill. the excess of the carrying amount over the implied fair value of the goodwill is the impairment loss.
our assessment of qualitative factors involves significant judgments about expected future business performance and general market conditions. in a quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit using a combination of the income approach and the market approach. this requires various assumptions about a reporting unit's future financial results and cost of capital including discount rates.
we have six reporting units: north america merchant services, u.k. merchant services, asia-pacific merchant services, central and eastern europe merchant services, russia merchant services and spain merchant services. as of january 1, 2015, we performed a qualitative goodwill assessment for each of our reporting units, except russia merchant services for which we performed a quantitative assessment. based on our annual test as of january 1, 2015, we determined on the basis of qualitative factors that the fair values of the reporting units for which we performed a qualitative assessment were not more likely than not less than their respective carrying amounts. based on a quantitative assessment, we determined that the goodwill of our russia merchant services unit was not impaired. we believe that the fair values of our reporting units are substantially in excess of their carrying amounts.
intangible and long-lived assets other intangible assets primarily represent customer-related intangible assets (such as customer lists and merchant contracts), contract-based intangible assets (such as non-compete agreements, referral agreements and processing rights), acquired technology and trademarks associated with acquisitions. customer-related intangible assets, contract-based intangible assets and trademarks are amortized over their estimated useful lives ranging from 2 to 26 years. the useful lives for customer-related intangible assets are determined based primarily on forecasted cash flows, which include estimates for the revenues, expenses, and customer attrition associated with the assets. the useful lives of contract-based intangible assets are equal to the terms of the agreements. the useful lives of amortizable trademarks are based on our plans to phase out the trademarks in the applicable markets. acquired technology is amortized on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful life.
amortization for most of our customer-related intangible assets is calculated using an accelerated method. in determining amortization expense under our accelerated method for any given period, we calculate the expected cash flows for that period that were used in determining the acquired value of the asset and divide that amount by the expected total cash flows over the estimated life of the asset. we multiply that percentage by the initial carrying amount of the asset to arrive at the amortization expense for that period. if the cash flow patterns that we experience differ significantly from our initial estimates, we adjust the amortization schedule
41
prospectively. these cash flow patterns are derived using certain assumptions and cost allocations due to a significant amount of asset interdependencies that exist in our business. during fiscal 2015, we did not adjust the amortization schedules.
we believe that our accelerated method better approximates the distribution of cash flows generated by our acquired customer relationships. we use the straight-line method of amortization for our contract-based intangibles and amortizable trademarks.
we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the carrying amount of property and equipment and finite-life intangible assets may not be recoverable. when factors indicate that these long-lived assets should be evaluated for possible impairment, we assess the potential impairment by determining whether the carrying amount of such long-lived assets will be recovered through the future undiscounted cash flows expected from use of the asset and its eventual disposition. if the carrying amount of the asset is determined not to be recoverable and exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recorded, measured as the difference between the fair value and the carrying amount. fair values are determined based on quoted market prices or discounted cash flow analysis as applicable. we regularly evaluate whether events and circumstances have occurred that indicate the useful lives of property and equipment and finite-life intangible assets may warrant revision.
capitalization of internally developed software we develop software that is used in providing processing services to customers. capitalization of internally developed software, primarily associated with operating platforms, occurs when we have completed the preliminary project stage, management authorizes the project, management commits to funding the project, it is probable the project will be completed and the project will be used to perform the function intended. the preliminary project stage consists of the conceptual formulation of alternatives, the evaluation of alternatives, the determination of existence of needed technology and the final selection of alternatives. costs incurred during the preliminary project stage are expensed as incurred. currently unforeseen circumstances in software development, such as a significant change in the manner in which the software is intended to be used, obsolescence or a significant reduction in revenues due to merchant attrition, could require us to implement alternative plans with respect to a particular effort, which could result in the impairment of previously capitalized software development costs. the carrying amount of internally developed software, including work in progress, at may 31, 2015 was $181.3 million. costs capitalized during fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013 totaled $35.1 million, $39.1 million, and $29.2 million, respectively. internally developed software is amortized over its estimated useful life, which is typically 2 to 10 years.
our most recently developed front-end merchant authorization processing platform, which was placed into service in fiscal 2010, is replacing several legacy platforms. as of may 31, 2015, we have placed into service $101.0 million of hardware and software associated with our authorization platform, $4.5 million of which was placed in service during fiscal 2015. depreciation and amortization associated with these costs is calculated based on transactions processed during the period as a percentage of the transactions expected to be processed over the life of the platform. we believe that this method is more representative of the platform's use than the straight-line method. we are currently processing transactions on this authorization platform in nine markets in our asia-pacific region and for a limited number of u.s. merchants. as these markets represent a small percentage of our overall transactions, depreciation and amortization related to this platform for fiscal 2015 was not significant. depreciation and amortization expense will increase as we complete migrations of other merchants to this authorization platform.
income taxes we determine our provision for income taxes using management's judgments, estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. these differences result in deferred tax assets and liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. we believe our tax return positions are fully supportable; however, we recognize the benefit for tax positions only when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained based on its technical merits. issues raised by a tax authority may be resolved at an amount different than the related benefit recognized. when facts and circumstances change (including an effective settlement of an issue or statute of limitations expiration), the effect is recognized in the period of change. a portion of the unrecognized tax benefits that exist at may 31, 2015 would affect our provision for income taxes in the future if recognized. judgment is required to determine whether or not some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized. to the extent we determine that we will not realize the benefit of some or all of our deferred tax assets, then these deferred tax assets are adjusted through our provision for income taxes in the period in which this determination is made.
42
as a result of events that occurred in the fourth quarter of the year ended may 31, 2015, management concluded that it was more likely than not that the tax positions in a foreign jurisdiction, for which we had recorded estimated liabilities of $65.6 million in other noncurrent liabilities on our accompanying consolidated balance sheet, would be sustained on their technical merits based on information available as of may 31, 2015. therefore, the liability and corresponding deferred tax assets were eliminated as of may 31, 2015. the uncertain tax positions have been subject to an ongoing examination in that foreign jurisdiction by the tax authority. discussions and correspondence between the tax authority and us during the fourth quarter indicated that the likelihood of the positions being sustained had increased. subsequent to may 31, 2015, we received a final closure notice regarding the examination resulting in no adjustments to taxable income related to this matter for the tax returns filed for the periods ended may 31, 2010 through may 31, 2013. the unrecognized tax benefits were effectively settled with this final closure notice.
effect of new accounting pronouncements - recently issued pronouncements not yet adopted from time-to-time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the financial accounting standards board or other standards setting bodies that are adopted by us as of the specified effective date. see "note 1 - summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to our accompanying consolidated financial statements for new accounting guidance.
43
