item 1a. risk factors in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k (particularly in item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations), or in the company's other filings with the securities and exchange commission, the following are some important factors that could cause the company's actual results to differ materially from those projected in any forward-looking statement.
risks relating to industry conditions changes in the cost or availability of raw materials, energy and transportation could affect our profitability. we rely heavily on the use of certain raw materials (principally virgin wood fiber, recycled fiber, caustic soda and starch), energy sources (principally natural gas, coal and fuel oil) and third-party companies that transport our goods. the market price of virgin wood fiber varies based upon availability and source. in addition, the increase in demand of products manufactured, in whole or in part, from recycled fiber, on a global basis, may cause an occasional tightening in the supply of recycled fiber. energy prices, in particular prices for oil and natural gas, have fluctuated dramatically in the past and may continue to fluctuate in the future. our profitability has been, and will continue to be, affected by changes in the costs and availability of such raw materials, energy sources and transportation sources.
the industries in which we operate experience both economic cyclicality and changes in consumer preferences. fluctuations in the prices of, and the demand for, our products could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. substantially all of our businesses have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, cycles relating to industry capacity and general economic conditions. the length and magnitude of these cycles have varied over time and by product. in addition, changes in consumer preferences may increase or decrease the demand for our fiber-based products and non-fiber substitutes. these consumer preferences affect the prices of our products. consequently, our operating cash flow is sensitive to changes in the pricing and demand for our products.
competition in the united states and internationally could negatively impact our financial results. we operate in a competitive environment, both in the united states and internationally, in all of our operating segments. product innovations, manufacturing and operating efficiencies, and marketing, distribution and pricing strategies pursued or achieved by competitors could negatively impact our financial results.
risks relating to market and economic factors adverse developments in general business and economic conditions could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products and our financial condition and results of operations. general economic conditions may adversely affect industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels and consumer confidence, all of which impact demand for our products. in addition, volatility in the capital and credit markets, which impacts interest rates, currency exchange rates and the availability of credit, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and our results of operations.
the level of our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and impair our ability to operate our business. as of december 31, 2015, international paper had approximately $9.3 billion of outstanding indebtedness, including $9.3 billion of indebtedness outstanding under our floating and fixed rate notes. there was no indebtedness outstanding under our
7
credit facilities as of december 31, 2015. the level of our indebtedness could have important consequences to our financial condition, operating results and business, including the following:
•   it may limit our ability to obtain additional debt or equity financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product development, dividends, share repurchases, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes;
•   a portion of our cash flows from operations will be dedicated to payments on indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes, including operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•   the debt service requirements of our indebtedness could make it more difficult for us to satisfy other obligations;
•   our indebtedness that is subject to variable rates of interest exposes us to increased debt service obligations in the event of increased interest rates;
•   it may limit our ability to adjust to changing market conditions and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and
•   it may increase our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or in our business, and may make us unable to carry out capital spending that is important to our growth.
in addition, we are subject to agreements that require meeting and maintaining certain financial ratios and covenants. a significant or prolonged downturn in general business and economic conditions may affect our ability to comply with these covenants or meet those financial ratios and tests and could require us to take action to reduce our debt or to act in a manner contrary to our current business objectives.
changes in credit ratings issued by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations could adversely affect our cost of financing and have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities. maintaining an investment-grade credit rating is an important element of our financial strategy, and a downgrade of the company's ratings below investment grade may limit our access to the capital markets, have an adverse effect on the market price of our securities, increase our cost of borrowing and require us to post collateral for derivatives in a net liability position. the company's desire to maintain its investment grade rating may cause the company to take certain actions designed to improve its cash flow, including sale of assets, suspension or reduction of our dividend and reductions in capital expenditures and working capital.
under the terms of the agreements governing approximately $2.5 billion of our debt as of december 31, 2015, the applicable interest rate on such debt may increase upon each downgrade in our credit rating. as a result, a downgrade in our credit rating may lead to an increase in our interest expense. there can be no assurance that such credit ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that such ratings will not be lowered, suspended or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies, if, in each rating agency's judgment, circumstances so warrant. any such downgrade of our credit ratings could adversely affect our cost of borrowing, limit our access to the capital markets or result in more restrictive covenants in agreements governing the terms of any future indebtedness that we may incur.
downgrades in the credit ratings of banks issuing certain letters of credit will increase our cost of maintaining certain indebtedness and may result in the acceleration of deferred taxes. we are subject to the risk that a bank with currently issued irrevocable letters of credit supporting installment notes delivered to temple-inland in connection with temple-inland's 2007 sales of forestlands may be downgraded below a required rating. since 2007, certain banks have fallen below the required ratings threshold and were successfully replaced, or waivers were obtained regarding their replacement. as a result of continuing uncertainty in the banking environment, a number of the letter-of-credit banks currently in place remain subject to risk of downgrade and the number of qualified replacement banks remains limited. the downgrade of one or more of these banks may subject the company to additional costs of securing a replacement letter-of-credit bank or could result in an acceleration of payments of up to $840 million in deferred income taxes if replacement banks cannot be obtained. the deferred taxes are currently recorded in the company's consolidated financial statements. see note 12, variable interest entities, on pages 64 through 66, and note 10, income taxes, on pages 59 through 61, in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
our pension and health care costs are subject to numerous factors which could cause these costs to change. we have defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all u.s. salaried employees hired prior to july 1, 2004 and substantially all hourly and union employees regardless of hire date. we provide retiree health care benefits to certain of our u.s. salaried and certain hourly employees. our pension costs are dependent upon numerous factors resulting from actual plan experience and assumptions of future experience.
8
pension plan assets are primarily made up of equity and fixed income investments. fluctuations in actual equity market returns, changes in general interest rates and changes in the number of retirees may result in increased pension costs in future periods. likewise, changes in assumptions regarding current discount rates and expected rates of return on plan assets could increase pension costs.  health care reform under the patient protection and affordable care act of 2010 could also increase costs with respect to medical coverage of the company's full-time employees. significant changes in any of these factors may adversely impact our cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
our pension plans are currently underfunded, and over time we may be required to make cash payments to the plans, reducing the cash available for our business. we record a liability associated with our pension plans equal to the excess of the benefit obligation over the fair value of plan assets. the benefit liability recorded under the provisions of accounting standards codification (asc) 715, "compensation - retirement benefits," at december 31, 2015 was $3.6 billion. the amount and timing of future contributions will depend upon a number of factors, including the actual earnings and changes in values of plan assets and changes in interest rates. as described elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, during the first half of 2016, former employees who are participants in our pension plan will be able to request early payment of their entire plan benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. while all payments will be made from the plan's trust assets, the target population has a total liability of $3.0 billion. for further information, see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - liquidity and capital resources on page 34.
changes in international conditions could adversely affect our business and results of operations. our operating results and business prospects could be substantially affected by risks related to the countries outside the united states in which we have manufacturing facilities or sell our products. specifically, russia, brazil, poland, india, and turkey, where we have substantial manufacturing facilities, are countries that are exposed to economic and political instability in their respective regions of the world. fluctuations in the value of local currency versus the u.s. dollar, downturns in economic activity, adverse tax consequences, nationalization or any change in social, political or labor conditions in any of these countries or regions could negatively affect our financial results. trade protection measures in favor of local producers of competing products, including governmental subsidies, tax benefits and other measures giving local producers a competitive advantage over international paper, may also adversely impact our operating results and business prospects in these countries. in addition, our international operations are subject to regulation under u.s. law and other laws related to operations in foreign jurisdictions. for example, the foreign corrupt practices act prohibits u.s. companies and their representatives from offering, promising, authorizing or making payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business abroad. failure to comply with domestic or foreign laws could result in various adverse consequences, including the imposition of civil or criminal sanctions and the prosecution of executives overseeing our international operations.
risks relating to legal proceedings and compliance costs we are subject to a wide variety of laws, regulations and other government requirements that may change in significant ways, and the cost of compliance with such requirements could impact our business and results of operations. our operations are subject to regulation under a wide variety of u.s. federal and state and non-u.s. laws, regulations and other government requirements -- including, among others, those relating to the environment, health and safety, labor and employment and health care. there can be no assurance that laws, regulations and government requirements will not be changed, applied or interpreted in ways that will require us to modify our operations and objectives or affect our returns on investments by restricting existing activities and products, subjecting them to escalating costs. for example, we have incurred, and expect that we will continue to incur, significant capital, operating and other expenditures complying with applicable environmental laws and regulations. there can be no assurance that future remediation requirements and compliance with existing and new laws and requirements, including with global climate change laws and regulations, boiler mact and naaqss, will not require significant expenditures, or that existing reserves for specific matters will be adequate to cover future costs. we could also incur substantial fines or sanctions, enforcement actions (including orders limiting our operations or requiring corrective measures), natural resource damages claims, cleanup and closure costs, and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, environmental laws, regulations, codes and common law. the amount and timing of environmental expenditures is difficult to predict, and, in some cases, liability may be imposed without regard to contribution or to whether we knew of, or caused, the release of hazardous substances. as another example, we are subject to a number of labor
9
and employment laws and regulations that could significantly increase our operating costs and reduce our operational flexibility.
results of legal proceedings could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. the costs and other effects of pending litigation against us cannot be determined with certainty. although we do not believe that the outcome of any pending or threatened lawsuits or claims will have a material effect on our business or consolidated financial statements, there can be no assurance that the outcome of any lawsuit or claim will be as expected.
risks relating to our operations material disruptions at one of our manufacturing facilities could negatively impact our financial results. we operate our facilities in compliance with applicable rules and regulations and take measures to minimize the risks of disruption at our facilities. a material disruption at our corporate headquarters or one of our manufacturing facilities could prevent us from meeting customer demand, reduce our sales and/or negatively impact our financial condition. any of our manufacturing facilities, or any of our machines within an otherwise operational facility, could cease operations unexpectedly due to a number of events, including:
•   fires, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes or other catastrophes;
•   the effect of a drought or reduced rainfall on its water supply;
•   the effect of other severe weather conditions on equipment and facilities;
•   terrorism or threats of terrorism;
•   domestic and international laws and regulations applicable to our company and our business partners, including joint venture partners, around the world;
•   unscheduled maintenance outages;
•   prolonged power failures;
•   an equipment failure;
•   a chemical spill or release;
•   explosion of a boiler;
•   damage or disruptions caused by third parties operating on or adjacent to one of our manufacturing facilities;
•   disruptions in the transportation infrastructure, including roads, bridges, railroad tracks and tunnels;
•   widespread outbreak of an illness or any other communicable disease, or any other public health crisis;
•   labor difficulties; and
•   other operational problems.
any such downtime or facility damage could prevent us from meeting customer demand for our products and/or require us to make unplanned expenditures. if one of these machines or facilities were to incur significant downtime, our ability to meet our production targets and satisfy customer requirements could be impaired, resulting in lower sales and having a negative effect on our business and financial results.
we are subject to information technology risks related to breaches of security pertaining to sensitive company, customer, employee and vendor information as well as breaches in the technology used to manage operations and other business processes. our business operations rely upon secure information technology systems for data capture, processing, storage and reporting. despite careful security and controls design, implementation, updating and independent third party verification, our information technology systems, and those of our third party providers, could become subject to employee error or malfeasance, cyber attacks, or natural disasters. network, system, application and data breaches could result in operational disruptions or information misappropriation including, but not limited to, interruption to systems availability, denial of access to and misuse of applications required by our customers to conduct business with international paper. access to internal applications required to plan our operations, source materials, manufacture and ship finished goods and account for orders could be denied or misused. theft of intellectual property or trade secrets, and inappropriate disclosure of confidential company, employee, customer or vendor information, could stem from such incidents. any of these operational disruptions and/or misappropriation of information could result in lost sales, business delays, negative publicity and could have a material effect on our business.
certain operations are conducted by joint ventures that we cannot operate solely for our benefit. certain operations in russia are carried on by a joint venture, ilim. in joint ventures, we share ownership and management of a company with one or more parties who may or may not have the same goals, strategies, priorities or resources
10
as we do. in general, joint ventures are intended to be operated for the benefit of all co-owners, rather than for our exclusive benefit. operating a business as a joint venture often requires additional organizational formalities as well as time-consuming procedures for sharing information and making decisions. in joint ventures, we are required to pay more attention to our relationship with our co-owners as well as with the joint venture, and if a co-owner changes, our relationship may be adversely affected. in addition, the benefits from a successful joint venture are shared among the co-owners, so that we do not receive all the benefits from our successful joint ventures.
we may not achieve the expected benefits from strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures and other corporate transactions. our strategy for long-term growth, productivity and profitability depends, in part, on our ability to accomplish prudent strategic acquisitions, joint ventures, divestitures and other corporate transactions and to realize the benefits we expect from such transactions, and we are subject to the risk that we may not achieve the expected benefits. among the benefits we expect from potential as well as completed acquisitions and joint ventures are synergies, cost savings, growth opportunities or access to new markets (or a combination thereof), and in the case of divestitures, the realization of proceeds from the sale of businesses and assets to purchasers placing higher strategic value on such businesses and assets than does international paper.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive summary operating earnings (a non-gaap measure) is defined as net earnings from continuing operations (a gaap measure) excluding special items and non-operating pension expense. international paper generated operating earnings per diluted share attributable to common shareholders of $3.65 in 2015, compared with $3.00 in 2014, and $3.06 in 2013. diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders were $2.23 in 2015, compared with $1.29 in 2014 and $3.11 in 2013.
international paper delivered solid results during 2015 driven by strong margins and earnings in our north american industrial packaging business and record performance from the ilim joint venture. we generated $1.8 billion of free cash flow which enabled the company to return cash to our shareholders in the form of approximately $500 million in share repurchases and a 10% increase in the quarterly dividend beginning with the 2015 fourth quarter dividend payment. during 2015, we successfully completed the restructuring of the 2006 timber monetization to achieve our objectives of reducing risk and preserving financial flexibility, while maintaining the deferral of $1.4 billion of deferred income taxes. finally, with respect to our balanced use of cash, we completed a $2 billion bond issue and related tender offer along with making a $750 million voluntary pension contribution.
our 2015 results reflect the benefits of favorable input costs offset by price and mix declines across our north american businesses. volumes were generally flat compared to 2014 except for lower volumes in our north american industrial packaging business due to lower containerboard export tons. input costs decreased versus 2014 largely due to lower energy, chemicals and freight costs. price declined relative to 2014 driven mainly by lower pricing in our north american industrial packaging and printing papers and pulp businesses. our ilim joint venture generated record results in 2015 driven by improved operations and increased margins. the positive results were partially offset by the unfavorable impact of non-cash foreign currency movements associated with ilim's us dollar denominated debt. finally, during 2015 we completed the divestiture of our interest in the ip-sun joint venture, generating $23 million in cash proceeds and removing approximately $400 million of debt from our balance sheet upon completion of the deal.
overall, 2015 reflects solid performance in what continues to be a challenging economic environment. we once again generated returns in excess of our cost of capital while returning cash to our shareholders in the form of increased dividends and share repurchases. our focus on maximizing free cash flow generation and deploying capital in a way that creates additional value for our shareholders has positioned us for another successful year in 2016.
looking ahead to the 2016 first quarter, we expect seasonally lower volumes in our north american industrial packaging business, with some offset from higher export volume which carries a lower margin. additionally, we expect seasonally lower volumes in our brazilian printing papers business as the fourth quarter historically represents the strongest volume quarter for this business. pricing is expected to be lower for our north american printing papers and pulp business, primarily driven by lower pulp prices. additionally, pricing is expected to be lower in our north american industrial packaging business due to lower export pricing and price index changes. we expect price improvements in our emea printing papers business, including russia, and brazilian printing papers business following announced price increases although these will be largely offset by inflationary cost pressures. we expect operating performance to be in line with the 2015 fourth quarter with some modest improvement in our north american industrial packaging business. planned maintenance downtime costs should increase, primarily driven by outages in our north american industrial packaging and printing papers businesses, including costs associated with the riegelwood mill conversion. equity earnings from our ilim joint venture are expected to benefit from strong operations offset by softwood pulp price pressure and normal seasonality. additionally, we expect ilim's earnings to be impacted by the absence of the positive impact from foreign currency movements driven by ilim's u.s. dollar denominated debt as we assume no change in foreign currency rates in our outlook.
for the 2016 full year, we continue to face an uncertain macroeconomic environment but believe we are well positioned to deal with whatever the market brings. we will continue to improve our north american industrial packaging business by further realizing optimization opportunities during 2016. we expect to complete the riegelwood mill conversion during first half of 2016 and be fully ramped by the 2016 fourth quarter, initially producing softwood market pulp. additionally, we will continue executing against our plan to drive profitable growth following the recent expansion within the foodservice business as well as optimizing commercial opportunities and mix within the north american printing papers portfolio. finally, we will remain focused on maximizing free cash flow generation and deploying that capital in a way that creates additional value for our shareholders.
17
free cash flow (a non-gaap measure) of $1.8 billion generated in 2015 was lower than the $2.1 billion generated in 2014 and even with the $1.8 billion generated in 2013 (see reconciliation on page 30).
operating earnings per share attributable to common shareholders of $0.87 in the 2015 fourth quarter were lower than the $0.97 in the 2015 third quarter, but higher than the $0.53 in the 2014 fourth quarter. diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to common shareholders were $0.43 in the 2015 fourth quarter, compared with $0.53 in the 2015 third quarter and $0.32 in the 2014 fourth quarter.
free cash flow of $501 million generated in the 2015 fourth quarter was lower than the $512 million generated in the 2015 third quarter and the $739 million generated in the 2014 fourth quarter (see reconciliation on page 30).
operating earnings and operating earnings per share are non-gaap measures. diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to international paper company common shareholders is the most directly comparable gaap measure. the company calculates operating earnings by excluding the after-tax effect of items considered by management to be unusual from the earnings reported under gaap, non-operating pension expense and discontinued operations. management uses this measure to focus on on-going operations, and believes that it is useful to investors because it enables them to perform meaningful comparisons of past and present operating results. the company believes that using this information, along with the most directly comparable gaap measure, provides for a more complete analysis of the results of operations. the following are reconciliations of operating earnings per share attributable to international paper company common shareholders to diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to international paper company common shareholders.
2015                                                                                    2014          2013
operating earnings (loss) per share attributable to shareholders     $3.65         $3.00         $3.06
non-operating pension expense                                        (0.38   )     (0.30   )     (0.44   )
special items                                                        (1.04   )     (1.39   )      1.18
diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations          2.23          1.31          3.80
discontinued operations                                                  -         (0.02   )     (0.69   )
diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to shareholders       $2.23         $1.29         $3.11
three months ended december 31, 2015            three months ended september 30, 2015             three months ended december 31, 2014
operating earnings (loss) per share attributable to shareholders                             $0.87                                            $0.97                                            $0.53
non-operating pension expense                                                                (0.09              )                             (0.11              )                             (0.07              )
special items                                                                                (0.35              )                             (0.33              )                             (0.12              )
diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations       0.43                                             0.53                                             0.34
discontinued operations                                                                          -                                                -                                            (0.02              )
diluted earnings (loss) per share attributable to shareholders                               $0.43                                            $0.53                                            $0.32
results of operations industry segment operating profits are used by international paper's management to measure the earnings performance of its businesses. management believes that this measure allows a better understanding of trends in costs, operating efficiencies, prices and volumes. industry segment operating profits are defined as earnings before taxes, equity earnings, noncontrolling interests, interest expense, corporate items and corporate special items. industry segment operating profits are defined by the securities and exchange commission as a non-gaap financial measure, and are not gaap alternatives to net income or any other operating measure prescribed by accounting principles generally accepted in the united states.
international paper operates in three segments: industrial packaging, printing papers and consumer packaging.
18
the following table presents a reconciliation of net earnings (loss) attributable to international paper company to its total industry segment operating profit:
in millions                                                                                       2015            2014            2013
net earnings (loss) attributable to international paper company                               $938            $555          $1,395
deduct - discontinued operations:
(earnings) from operations                                                                       -             (11   )        (109   )
special items (gain) loss                                                                        -              24             418
earnings (loss) from continuing operations attributable to international paper company         938             568           1,704
add back (deduct):
income tax provision                                                                           466             123            (498   )
equity (earnings) loss, net of taxes                                                          (117   )         200              39
net earnings (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                   (21   )         (19   )         (17   )
earnings (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes and equity earnings           1,266             872           1,228
interest expense, net                                                                          555             601             612
noncontrolling interests / equity earnings included in operations                                8               2              (1   )
corporate items                                                                                 36              51              61
special items:
restructuring and other charges                                                                238             282              10
net losses (gains) on sales and impairments of businesses                                        -              38               -
non-operating pension expense                                                                  258             212             323
$2,361          $2,058          $2,233
industry segment operating profit industrial packaging                                                                        $1,853          $1,896          $1,801
printing papers                                                                                533             (16   )         271
consumer packaging                                                                             (25   )         178             161
total industry segment operating profit                                                     $2,361          $2,058          $2,233
industry segment operating profits in 2015 included a net loss from special items of $321 million compared with $732 million in 2014 and $336 million in 2013. operationally, compared with 2014, the benefit from lower input costs ($232 million) was offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix ($226 million), lower sales volumes ($38 million), higher operating costs ($16 million), higher maintenance outage costs ($37 million) and higher other costs ($23 million).
the principal changes in operating profit by segment were as follows:
•   industrial packaging's profits of $1.9 billion were $43 million lower than in 2014 as the benefit of lower input costs was offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix, lower sales volumes, higher operating costs and higher maintenance outage costs. in addition, 2015 operating profits included a goodwill and trade name impairment charge of $137 million related to our brazil packaging business. operating profits in 2014 included $16 million of costs associated with the integration of temple-inland, a goodwill impairment charge of $100 million related to our asia industrial packaging business, a charge of $35 million for costs associated with a multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability and a net charge of $7 million for other items.
•   printing papers' profits of $533 million represented a $549 million increase in operating profits from 2014. the benefits from lower input costs, lower costs associated with the closure of our courtland, alabama mill and lower foreign exchange impact were offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix, lower sales volumes, higher operating costs and higher maintenance outage costs. the 2014 operating loss included a special items charge of $554 million for costs associated with the shutdown of our courtland, alabama mill, a gain of $20 million for the resolution of a legal contingency in india and a charge of $32 million for costs associated with a foreign tax amnesty program.
•   consumer packaging's operating loss of $25 million represented a $203 million reduction in operating profits from 2014. the benefits from higher sales volumes, lower planned maintenance downtime costs and lower input costs were offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix, higher operating costs, and higher foreign exchange and other expenses. in addition, 2015 operating profits included an asset impairment charge of $174 million
19
related to the sale of our 55% equity share of the ip-sun jv in asia, a net cost of $8 million related to costs to convert our riegelwood mill to 100% pulp production, net of proceeds from the sale of the carolina coated bristols brand, and $2 million of sheet plant closure costs. operating profits in 2014 included $8 million of sheet plant closure costs.
corporate items, net, of $36 million of expense in 2015 were lower than the $51 million of expense in 2014 due to the absence of a one-time non-cash foreign exchange charge related to the administrative restructuring of some international entities in 2014. the decrease in 2014 from the expense of $61 million in 2013 is due to lower pension costs partially offset by the one-time non-cash foreign exchange charge.
corporate special items, including restructuring and other items and net losses on sales and impairments of businesses were a loss of $238 million in 2015 compared with a loss of $320 million in 2014 and a loss of $4 million in 2013. the loss in 2015 is due to debt premium costs, costs associated with the restructure of our timber monetization and a legal liability reserve adjustment. the loss in 2014 is primarily due to debt extinguishment costs and a loss on the sale of a business by asg, which was formerly referred to as agi-shorewood and in which we hold an investment, and the subsequent partial impairment of our asg investment.
interest expense, net, was $555 million in 2015 compared with $607 million ($601 million excluding special items net interest expense reported in the printing papers business segment) in 2014 and $612 million in 2013. the decrease in 2015 compared with 2014 is due to lower average interest rates. the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 also reflects lower average interest rates.
a net income tax provision of $466 million was recorded for 2015, including a tax benefit of $62 million related to internal restructurings, an expense of $23 million for the tax impact of the 2015 cash pension contribution of $750 million and a tax expense of $2 million for other items. the 2014 income tax provision of $123 million includes a tax benefit of $90 million related to internal restructurings and a net tax expense of $9 million for other items. the 2013 income tax benefit of $498 million includes a tax benefit of $770 million associated with the settlement of tax audits and a net tax benefit of $4 million for other items.
discontinued operations
2014: on july 1, 2014, international paper completed the spinoff of its distribution business, xpedx, which subsequently merged with unisource worldwide, inc., with the combined companies now operating as veritiv corporation (veritiv). the xpedx business had historically represented the company's distribution reportable segment.
the spinoff was accomplished by the contribution of the xpedx business to veritiv and the distribution of 8,160,000 shares of veritiv common stock on a pro-rata basis to international paper shareholders. international paper received payments of approximately $411 million, financed with new debt in veritiv's capital structure.
2013: on april 1, 2013, the company finalized the sale of temple-inland's 50% interest in del-tin fiber l.l.c. to joint venture partner deltic timber corporation for $20 million in assumed liabilities and cash.
on july 19, 2013 the company finalized the sale of its temple-inland building products division to georgia-pacific building products, llc for approximately $726 million in cash.
liquidity and capital resources for the year ended december 31, 2015, international paper generated $2.6 billion of cash flow from operations compared with $3.1 billion in 2014 and $3.0 billion in 2013. cash flow from operations included $750 million, $353 and $31 million of cash pension contributions in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. capital spending for 2015 totaled $1.5 billion, or 115% of depreciation and amortization expense. net decreases in debt totaled $74 million. our liquidity position remains strong, supported by approximately $2.1 billion of credit facilities that we believe are adequate to meet future liquidity requirements. maintaining an investment-grade credit rating for our long-term debt continues to be an important element in our overall financial strategy.
we expect to generate strong free cash flow again in 2016 and will continue our balanced use of cash through investments in capital projects, the reduction of total debt, including the company's unfunded pension obligation, returning value to shareholders and strengthening our businesses through strategic acquisitions, as appropriate.
capital spending for 2016 is targeted at $1.3 billion, or about 100% of depreciation and amortization.
legal see note 11 commitments and contingent liabilities on pages 61 through 64 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for a discussion of legal matters.
corporate overview while the operating results for international paper's various business segments are driven by a number of business-specific factors, changes in international paper's operating results are closely tied to changes in general economic conditions in north america, europe, russia, latin america, asia, africa and the middle east. factors that impact the demand for our products include
20
industrial non-durable goods production, consumer spending, commercial printing and advertising activity, white-collar employment levels, and movements in currency exchange rates.
product prices are affected by general economic trends, inventory levels, currency exchange rate movements and worldwide capacity utilization. in addition to these revenue-related factors, net earnings are impacted by various cost drivers, the more significant of which include changes in raw material costs, principally wood, recycled fiber and chemical costs; energy costs; freight costs; salary and benefits costs, including pensions; and manufacturing conversion costs.
the following is a discussion of international paper's results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015, and the major factors affecting these results compared to 2014 and 2013.
results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015, international paper reported net sales of $22.4 billion, compared with $23.6 billion in 2014 and $23.5 billion in 2013. international net sales (including u.s. exports) totaled $7.8 billion or 35% of total sales in 2015. this compares with international net sales of $9.3 billion in 2014 and $9.5 billion in 2013.
full year 2015 net earnings attributable to international paper company totaled $938 million ($2.23 per share), compared with net earnings of $555 million ($1.29 per share) in 2014 and $1.4 billion ($3.11 per share) in 2013. amounts in all periods include the results of discontinued operations.
earnings from continuing operations attributable to international paper company after taxes in 2015 were $938 million, including $439 million of net special items charges and $157 million of non-operating pension expense compared with $568 million, including $599 million of net special items charges and $129 million of non-operating pension expense in 2014, and $1.7 billion, including $528 million of net special items gains and $197 million of non-operating pension expense in 2013. compared with 2014, the benefits from lower input costs, lower corporate and other costs and lower interest expense were offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix, lower sales volumes, higher operating costs, higher maintenance outage costs, and higher tax expense. in addition, 2015 results included higher equity earnings, net of taxes, relating to the company's investment in ilim holdings, sa.
see industry segment results on pages 25 through 30 for a discussion of the impact of these factors by segment.
discontinued operations
2014:
in 2014, $24 million of net income adjustments were recorded relating to discontinued businesses, including $16 million of costs associated with the spin-off of the xpedx business and $9 million of costs associated with the divestiture of the temple-inland building products business. also included are the operating earnings of the xpedx business prior to the spin-off on july 1, 2014.
2013:
in 2013, $418 million of net income adjustments were recorded relating to discontinued businesses, including goodwill impairment charges of $366 million associated with the xpedx business, $19 million for costs associated with the restructuring of the xpedx business, $14 million for costs associated with the spin-off of the xpedx business and $19 million for costs associated with the sale of the temple-inland building products business. also included are the operating profits for the xpedx business for the full year and for the temple-inland building products business through the date of sale of july 19, 2013.
income taxes a net income tax provision of $466 million was recorded for 2015, including a tax benefit of $62 million related to internal restructurings, a tax expense of $23 million for the tax impact of the 2015 cash pension contribution of $750 million and a $2 million tax expense for other items. excluding these items, an $83 million net tax benefit for other special items and a $101 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $687 million, or 33% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings.
a net income tax provision of $123 million was recorded for 2014 including a tax benefit of $90 million related to internal restructurings and a net $9 million tax expense for other items. excluding these items, a $372 million
21
net tax benefit for other special items and a $83 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $659 million, or 31% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings.
a net income tax benefit of $498 million was recorded for 2013, including a tax benefit of $770 million related to the settlement of tax audits and a net benefit of $4 million for other items. excluding these items, a $95 million net tax benefit for other special items and a $126 million tax benefit related to non-operating pension expense, the tax provision was $497 million, or 26% of pre-tax earnings before equity earnings.
equity earnings, net of taxes equity earnings, net of taxes in 2015, 2014 and 2013 consisted principally of the company's share of earnings from its 50% investment in ilim holding s.a. in russia (see page 30).
corporate items and interest expense corporate items totaled $36 million of expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with $51 million in 2014 and $61 million in 2013. the decrease in 2015 from 2014 reflects the absence of a one-time non-cash foreign exchange charge related to the administrative restructuring of some international entities that occurred in 2014. the decrease in 2014 from 2013 reflects lower pension expenses partially offset by a one-time non-cash foreign exchange charge related to the administrative restructuring of some international entities.
net corporate interest expense totaled $555 million in 2015, $601 million in 2014 and $612 million in 2013. the decrease in 2015 compared with 2014 reflects lower average interest rates. the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 also reflects lower average interest rates.
net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests totaled a loss of $21 million in 2015 compared with a loss of $19 million in 2014 and a loss of $17 million in 2013. the decrease in 2015 reflects the sale of our equity share of the ip-sun jv and lower earnings for the shandong ip & sun food packaging co., ltd joint venture in china prior to its divestiture. the decrease in 2014 compared with 2013 reflects the impact of the acquisition of the remaining 25% share of orsa ip from the joint venture partner.
special items restructuring and other charges international paper continually evaluates its operations for improvement opportunities targeted to (a) focus our portfolio on our core businesses, (b) rationalize and realign capacity to operate fewer facilities with the same revenue capability and close high cost facilities, and (c) reduce costs. annually, strategic operating plans are developed by each of our businesses. if it subsequently becomes apparent that a facility's plan will not be achieved, a decision is then made to (a) invest additional capital to upgrade the facility, (b) shut down the facility and record the corresponding charge, or (c) evaluate the expected recovery of the carrying value of the facility to determine if an impairment of the assets have occurred. in recent years, this policy has led to the shutdown of a number of facilities and the recording of significant asset impairment charges and severance costs. it is possible that additional charges and costs will be incurred in future periods in our core businesses should such triggering events occur.
2015: during 2015, corporate restructuring and other charges totaling $242 million before taxes ($155 million after taxes) were recorded. these charges included:
•   a $207 million charge before taxes ($133 million after taxes) for premiums paid on a cash tender offer on outstanding debt (see note 13 debt and lines of credit on pages 66 and 67 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data),
•   a $16 million charge before taxes ($10 million after taxes) for costs related to the restructuring of our 2006 timber monetization,
•   a $15 million charge before taxes ($9 million after taxes) for legal reserve adjustments, and
•   a $4 million charge before taxes ($3 million after taxes) for other items.
in addition, restructuring and other charges totaling $10 million before taxes ($6 million after taxes) were recorded in the consumer packaging industry segment including:
•   an $8 million net charge before taxes ($4 million after taxes) related to costs associated with the conversion of the riegelwood, north carolina facility to 100% pulp production, net of proceeds from the sale of the carolina coated bristols brand, and
•   a $2 million charge (before and after taxes) for other items.
2014: during 2014, corporate restructuring and other charges totaling $277 million before taxes ($169 million after taxes) were recorded. these charges included:
•   a $276 million charge before taxes ($169 million after taxes) for costs related to the early extinguishment of debt (see note 13 debt and lines of credit on pages 66 and 67 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data)
22
in addition, restructuring and other charges totaling $569 million before taxes ($349 million after taxes) were recorded in the industrial packaging, printing papers and consumer packaging industry segments including:
•   a $554 million charge before taxes ($338 million after taxes) for costs related to the shutdown of the courtland, alabama mill, and
•   a $15 million charge before taxes ($11 million after taxes) for other items.
2013: during 2013, corporate restructuring and other charges totaling a gain of $5 million before taxes ($3 million after taxes) were recorded. these charges included:
•   a $25 million charge before taxes ($16 million after taxes) for costs related to the early extinguishment of debt (see note 13 debt and lines of credit on pages 66 and 67 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data), and
•   a $30 million gain before taxes ($19 million after taxes) for insurance reimbursements related to the guaranty bank legal settlement.
in addition, restructuring and other charges totaling $161 million before taxes ($101 million after taxes) were recorded in the industrial packaging, printing papers and consumer packaging industry segments including:
•   a $118 million charge before taxes ($72 million after taxes) for costs related to the shutdown of the courtland, alabama mill,
•   a $45 million charge before taxes ($28 million after taxes) for costs related to the shutdown of a paper machine at the augusta, georgia mill, and
•   a $2 million gain before taxes (loss of $1 million after taxes) for other items.
impairments of goodwill in the fourth quarter of 2015, in conjunction with the annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments, the company calculated the estimated fair value of its brazil packaging business using the discounted future cash flows and determined that all of the goodwill in the business, totaling $137 million, should be written off. the decline in the fair value of the brazil packaging business and resulting impairment charge was due to the negative impacts on the cash flows of the business caused by the continued decline of the overall brazilian economy.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, in conjunction with the annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments, the company calculated the estimated fair value of its asia industrial packaging business using expected discounted future cash flows and determined that due to a change in the strategic outlook, all of the goodwill of this business, totaling $100 million, should be written off. the decline in the fair value of the asia industrial packaging business and resulting impairment charge was due to a change in the strategic outlook for the business.
in the fourth quarter of 2013, in conjunction with the annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments, the company calculated the estimated fair value of its india papers business using the discounted future cash flows and determined that all of the goodwill of this business, totaling $112 million, should be written off. the decline in the fair value of the india papers reporting unit and resulting impairment charge was due to a change in the strategic outlook for the india papers operations.
also in the fourth quarter of 2013, the company calculated the estimated fair value of its xpedx business using the discounted future cash flows and wrote off all of the goodwill of its xpedx business, totaling $400 million, which has been included in discontinued operations in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. the decline in the fair value of the xpedx reporting unit and resulting impairment charge was due to a significant decline in earnings and a change in the strategic outlook for the xpedx operations.
also during 2013, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $15 million ($7 million after taxes and noncontrolling interest) for the impairment of a trade name intangible asset related to our india papers business.
net losses on sales and impairments of businesses net losses on sales and impairments of businesses included in special items totaled a pre-tax loss of $174 million ($113 million after taxes) in 2015, a pre-tax loss of $38 million ($31 million after taxes) in 2014 and a pre-tax loss of $3 million ($1 million after taxes) in 2013. the principal components of these losses were:
2015: on october 13, 2015, the company finalized the sale of its 55% interest in ip asia coated paperboard (ip-sun jv) business, within the company's consumer packaging segment, to its chinese coated board joint venture partner, shandong sun holding group co., ltd. for rmb 149 million (approximately usd $23 million). during the third quarter of 2015, a determination was made that the current book value of the asset group exceeded its estimated fair value of $23 million, which was the agreed upon selling price. the 2015 loss includes the pre-tax impairment charge of $174 million ($113 million after taxes). a pre-tax charge of $186
23
million was recorded during the third quarter in the company's consumer packaging segment to write down the long-lived assets of this business to their estimated fair value. in the fourth quarter of 2015, upon the sale and corresponding deconsolidation of ip-sun jv from the company's consolidated balance sheet, final adjustments were made resulting in a reduction of the impairment of $12 million. the amount of pre-tax losses related to noncontrolling interest of the ip-sun jv included in the company's consolidated statement of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $19 million, $12 million and $8 million, respectively. the amount of pre-tax losses related to the ip-sun jv included in the company's consolidated statement of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $226 million, $51 million and $41 million, respectively.
the net 2015 loss totaling $174 million related to the impairment of sun-jv is included in net (gains) losses on sales and impairments of businesses in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.
2014: during 2014, the company recorded net pre-tax charges of $47 million ($36 million after taxes) for a loss on the sale of a business by asg (formerly referred to as agi-shorewood), in which we hold an investment and the subsequent partial impairment of our asg investment, and a pre-tax gain of $9 million ($5 million after taxes) related to the sale of an investment.
2013:  during 2013, the company recorded net pre-tax charges of $3 million ($1 million after taxes) for adjustments related to the divestiture of three containerboard mills in 2012 and the sale of the shorewood business.
industry segment operating profits industry segment operating profits of $2.4 billion in 2015 decreased from $2.1 billion in 2014. the benefit from lower input costs ($232 million) was offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix ($226 million), lower sales volumes ($38 million), higher operating costs ($16 million), higher maintenance outage costs ($37 million) and higher other costs ($23 million).
special items were a $321 million net loss in 2015 compared with a net loss of $732 million in 2014.
market-related downtime in 2015 increased to approximately 440,000 tons from approximately 281,000 tons in 2014.
description of industry segments international paper's industry segments discussed below are consistent with the internal structure used to manage these businesses. all segments are differentiated on a common product, common customer basis consistent with the business segmentation generally used in the forest products industry.
industrial packaging international paper is the largest manufacturer of containerboard in the united states. our u.s. production capacity is over 13 million tons annually. our products include linerboard, medium, whitetop, recycled linerboard, recycled medium and saturating kraft. about 80% of our production is converted domestically into corrugated boxes and other packaging by our 165 u.s. container plants. additionally, we recycle approximately one million tons of occ and mixed and white paper through our 18 recycling plants. in emea, our operations include two recycled fiber containerboard mills in morocco and turkey and 26 container plants in france, italy, spain, morocco and turkey. in brazil our operations include three containerboard mills and four box plants. in asia, our operations include 16 container plants in china and additional container plants in indonesia, malaysia, singapore, and thailand. our container plants are supported by regional design centers, which offer total packaging solutions and supply chain initiatives.
printing papers international paper is one of the world's leading producers of printing and writing papers. products in this segment include uncoated papers and pulp.
uncoated papers: this business produces papers for use in copiers, desktop and laser printers and digital imaging. end use applications include advertising and promotional materials such as brochures, pamphlets, greeting cards, books, annual reports and direct mail. uncoated papers also produces a variety of grades that are converted by our customers into envelopes, tablets, business forms and file folders. uncoated papers are sold under private label and international paper brand names that include hammermill, springhill, williamsburg, postmark, accent, great white, chamex, ballet, rey, pol, and svetocopy. the mills producing uncoated papers are located in the united states, france, poland, russia, brazil and india. the mills have uncoated paper production capacity of approximately 4 million tons annually. brazilian operations function through international paper do brasil, ltda, which owns or manages approximately 335,000 acres of forestlands in brazil.
24
pulp: pulp is used in the manufacture of printing, writing and specialty papers, towel and tissue products and filtration products. pulp is also converted into products such as diapers and sanitary napkins. pulp products include fluff, and southern softwood pulp, as well as southern and birch hardwood paper pulps. these products are produced in the united states, france, poland, russia, and brazil and are sold around the world. international paper facilities have annual dried pulp capacity of about 1.8 million tons.
consumer packaging international paper is one of the world's largest producers of solid bleached sulfate board with annual u.s. production capacity of about 1.2 million tons (reduced from about 1.6 million tons) after initiating the conversion of the riegelwood mill to 100% pulp production in late december of 2015. our coated paperboard business produces high quality coated paperboard for a variety of packaging and foodservice end uses. our everest®, fortress®, and starcote® brands are used in packaging applications for everyday products such as food, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals and tobacco products. the carolina® brand, which was sold to meadwestvaco corporation in april 2015, was used in commercial printing end uses. our u.s. capacity is supplemented by about 379,000 tons of capacity at our mills producing coated board in poland and russia and, prior to its sale in october 2015, by our international paper & sun cartonboard co., ltd. joint venture in china which had an annual capacity of 1.4 million tons.
our foodservice business produces cups, lids, food containers and plates through three domestic plants and four international facilities.
ilim holding s.a.
in october 2007, international paper and ilim holding s.a. (ilim) completed a 50:50 joint venture to operate a pulp and paper business located in russia. ilim's facilities include three paper mills located in bratsk, ust-ilimsk, and koryazhma, russia, with combined total pulp and paper capacity of over 3.4 million tons. ilim has exclusive harvesting rights on timberland and forest areas exceeding 14.8 million acres (6.0 million hectares).
products and brand designations appearing in italics are trademarks of international paper or a related company.
industry segment results industrial packaging demand for industrial packaging products is closely correlated with non-durable industrial goods production, as well as with demand for processed foods, poultry, meat and agricultural products. in addition to prices and volumes, major factors affecting the profitability of industrial packaging are raw material and energy costs, freight costs, manufacturing efficiency and product mix.
industrial packaging net sales for 2015 decreased 3% to $14.5 billion compared with $14.9 billion in 2014, and 2% compared with $14.8 billion in 2013. operating profits were 2% lower in 2015 than in 2014 and 3% higher than in 2013. excluding costs associated with the acquisition and integration of temple-inland, goodwill impairment charges, costs associated with a multi-employer pension liability and other special items, operating profits in 2015 were 3% lower than in 2014 and 8% higher than in 2013. benefits from lower input costs ($175 million) were offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix ($144 million), lower sales volumes ($36 million), higher operating costs ($43 million) and higher maintenance outage costs ($16 million). additionally, operating profits in 2015 include a goodwill and trade name impairment charge associated with our brazil packaging business ($137 million). operating profits in 2014 include a goodwill impairment charge of $100 million related to our asia industrial packaging business, costs of $16 million associated with the integration of temple-inland, a charge of $35 million associated with a multi-employer pension plan withdrawal liability and a net charge of $7 million for other items. operating profits in 2013 include costs of $62 million associated with the integration of temple-inland, a gain of $13 million related to a bargain purchase adjustment on the acquisition of a majority share of our operations in turkey, and a net gain of $1 million for other items.
industrial packaging in millions                     2015            2014            2013
sales                    $14,484         $14,944         $14,810
operating profit           1,853           1,896           1,801
north american industrial packaging net sales were $12.5 billion in 2015 compared with $12.7 billion in 2014 and $12.5 billion in 2013. operating profits in 2015 were $2.0 billion compared with $2.0 billion (both including and excluding costs associated with the integration of temple-inland, a multi-employer pension withdrawal liability and other special items) in 2014 and $1.8 billion (both including and excluding costs associated with the integration of temple-inland and other special items in 2013.
25
sales volumes decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 reflecting slightly lower box shipments and lower shipments of containerboard to export markets. in 2015, the business took about 814,000 tons of total downtime of which about 363,000 were market-related and 451,000 were maintenance downtime. the business took about 622,000 tons of total downtime in 2014 of which 240,000 were market-related and 382,000 were maintenance downtime. average sales price realizations were lower mostly for euro-denominated shipments of containerboard to export markets. input costs were lower, primarily for energy. distribution costs were flat as lower freight fuel surcharges offset rate increases. planned maintenance downtime costs were $15 million higher than in 2014. manufacturing operating costs decreased, but were more than offset by wage and benefit inflation. depreciation costs were lower.
looking ahead to the first quarter of 2016, compared with the fourth quarter of 2015, sales volumes for boxes are expected to be seasonally lower, while shipments of containerboard to export markets should increase. input costs are expected to be higher for energy and wood, but lower for waste fiber. planned maintenance downtime spending is expected to be about $21 million higher. manufacturing operating costs are expected to improve.
emea industrial packaging net sales were $1.1 billion in 2015 compared with $1.3 billion in 2014 and $1.3 billion in 2013. operating profits in 2015 were $13 million compared with $25 million ($31 million excluding restructuring costs) in 2014 and $43 million ($32 million excluding a gain on a bargain purchase price adjustment on the acquisition of a majority share of our operations in turkey and restructuring costs) in 2013.
sales volumes in 2015 were higher than in 2014 reflecting improved market demand and strong commercial initiatives in the eurozone throughout the year and growth in morocco and turkey in the fourth quarter. net sales decreased primarily due to the negative impact of foreign exchange rates. higher board costs also contributed to lower average sales margins. other input costs, primarily for energy, were lower. operating earnings in 2015 also included a gain of $4 million related to the change in ownership of our occ collection operations in turkey.
entering the first quarter of 2016, compared with the fourth quarter of 2015 sales volumes are expected to be flat. average sales margins are expected to be favorably impacted by higher box sales prices, lower board costs in turkey and a favorable mix. input costs for energy should be slightly higher.
brazilian industrial packaging net sales were $228 million in 2015 compared with $349 million in 2014 and $335 million in 2013. operating profits in 2015 were a loss of $163 million (a loss of $26 million excluding goodwill and trade name impairment charges) compared with a loss of $3 million (a loss of $4 million excluding a net gain related to acquisition and integration costs) in 2014 and a loss of $2 million (a gain of $2 million excluding acquisition and integration costs) in 2013.
sales volumes in 2015 decreased compared with 2014 due to overall weak economic conditions and lower box consumption in the product segments of some of our key customers. average sales price realizations for boxes were lower. input costs were slightly higher. operating costs also increased. planned maintenance downtime costs were $1 million lower in 2015 compared with 2014.
looking ahead to the first quarter of 2016, compared with the fourth quarter of 2015 sales volumes are expected to be seasonally lower. average sales margins should improve reflecting a previously announced sales price increase for boxes. input costs are expected to be stable and operating costs should reflect the benefits of cost savings initiatives.
asian industrial packaging net sales were $601 million in 2015 compared with $625 million in 2014 and $685 million in 2013. operating profits were a loss of $6 million in 2015 compared with a loss of $112 million (a loss of $5 million excluding goodwill impairment charges and restructuring costs) in 2014 and a loss of $2 million (a gain of $2 million excluding restructuring costs) in 2013. compared with 2014, sales volumes for boxes in 2015 were lower and average sales margins decreased due to competitive price pressures and an unfavorable sales mix. however, operating costs were lower.
looking ahead to the first quarter of 2016, sales volumes are expected to be seasonally lower. on october 8, 2015, the company announced that it was pursuing strategic options for its corrugated box business in china and southeast asia and had signed a non-binding letter of intent with a prospective buyer.
printing papers demand for printing papers products is closely correlated with changes in commercial printing and advertising activity, direct mail volumes and, for uncoated cut-size products, with changes in white-collar employment levels that affect the usage of copy and laser printer paper. pulp is further affected by changes in currency rates that can enhance or disadvantage producers in different geographic regions. principal cost drivers include manufacturing efficiency, raw material and energy costs and freight costs.
printing papers net sales for 2015 decreased 12% to $5.0 billion compared with $5.7 billion in 2014 and 19%
26
compared with $6.2 billion in 2013. operating profits in 2015 were significantly higher than in both 2014 and 2013. excluding facility closure costs, impairment costs and other special items, operating profits in 2015 were 3% lower than in 2014 and 4% higher than in 2013. benefits from lower input costs ($18 million), lower costs associated with the closure of our courtland, alabama mill ($44 million) and favorable foreign exchange ($33 million) were offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix ($52 million), lower sales volumes ($16 million), higher operating costs ($18 million) and higher planned maintenance downtime costs ($26 million). in addition, operating profits in 2014 include special items costs of $554 million associated with the closure of our courtland, alabama mill. during 2013, the company accelerated depreciation for certain courtland assets, and evaluated certain other assets for possible alternative uses by one of our other businesses. the net book value of these assets at december 31, 2013 was approximately $470 million. in the first quarter of 2014, we completed our evaluation and concluded that there were no alternative uses for these assets. we recognized approximately $464 million of accelerated depreciation related to these assets in 2014. operating profits in 2014 also include a charge of $32 million associated with a foreign tax amnesty program, and a gain of $20 million for the resolution of a legal contingency in india, while operating profits in 2013 included costs of $118 million associated with the announced closure of our courtland, alabama mill and a $123 million impairment charge associated with goodwill and a trade name intangible asset in our india papers business.
printing papers in millions                        2015            2014            2013
sales                        $5,031          $5,720          $6,205
operating profit (loss)         533             (16   )         271
north american printing papers net sales were $1.9 billion in 2015, $2.1 billion in 2014 and $2.6 billion in 2013. operating profits in 2015 were $179 million compared with a loss of $398 million (a gain of $156 million excluding costs associated with the shutdown of our courtland, alabama mill) in 2014 and a gain of $36 million ($154 million excluding costs associated with the courtland mill shutdown) in 2013.
sales volumes in 2015 decreased compared with 2014 primarily due to the closure of our courtland mill in 2014. shipments to the domestic market increased, but export shipments declined. average sales price realizations decreased, primarily in the domestic market. input costs were lower, mainly for energy. planned maintenance downtime costs were $12 million higher in 2015. operating profits in 2014 were negatively impacted by costs associated with the shutdown of our courtland, alabama mill.
entering the first quarter of 2016, sales volumes are expected to be up slightly compared with the fourth quarter of 2015. average sales margins should be about flat reflecting lower average sales price realizations offset by a more favorable product mix. input costs are expected to be stable. planned maintenance downtime costs are expected to be about $14 million lower with an outage scheduled in the 2016 first quarter at our georgetown mill compared with outages at our eastover and riverdale mills in the 2015 fourth quarter.
in january 2015, the united steelworkers, domtar corporation, packaging corporation of america, finch paper llc and p. h. glatfelter company (the petitioners) filed an anti-dumping petition before the united states international trade commission (itc) and the united states department of commerce (doc) alleging that paper producers in china, indonesia, australia, brazil, and portugal are selling uncoated free sheet paper in sheet form (the products) in violation of international trade rules. the petitioners also filed a countervailing-duties petition with these agencies regarding imports of the products from china and indonesia. in january 2016, the doc announced its final countervailing duty rates on imports of the products to the united states from certain producers from china and indonesia. also, in january 2016, the doc announced its final anti-dumping duty rates on imports of the products to the united states from certain producers from australia, brazil, china, indonesia and portugal. in february 2016, the itc concluded its anti-dumping and countervailing duties investigations and made a final determination that the u.s. market had been injured by imports of the products. accordingly, the doc's previously announced countervailing duty rates and anti-dumping duty rates will be in effect for a minimum of five years. we do not believe the impact of these rates will have a material, adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements.
brazilian papers net sales for 2015 were $878 million compared with $1.1 billion in 2014 and $1.1 billion in 2013. operating profits for 2015 were $186 million compared with $177 million ($209 million excluding costs associated with a tax amnesty program) in 2014 and $210 million in 2013.
sales volumes in 2015 were lower compared with 2014 reflecting weak economic conditions and the absence of 2014 one-time events. average sales price realizations improved for domestic uncoated freesheet paper due to the realization of price increases implemented in the second half of 2015. margins were unfavorably affected by an increased proportion of sales to the lower-margin export markets. raw material costs increased for energy and wood. operating costs were higher than in 2014, while planned maintenance downtime costs were $4 million lower.
27
looking ahead to 2016, compared with the fourth quarter of 2015 sales volumes in the first quarter are expected to decrease due to seasonally weaker customer demand for uncoated freesheet paper. average sales price improvements are expected to reflect the partial realization of announced sales price increases in the brazilian domestic market for uncoated freesheet paper. input costs are expected to be slightly higher for chemicals and electricity.
european papers net sales in 2015 were $1.2 billion compared with $1.5 billion in 2014 and $1.5 billion in 2013. operating profits in 2015 were $133 million compared with $140 million in 2014 and $167 million in 2013.
compared with 2014, sales volumes for uncoated freesheet paper in 2015 were slightly lower in both russia and europe. average sales price realizations for uncoated freesheet paper increased in russia, but remained flat in europe, reflecting tight demand and supply conditions in the first half of the year. input costs increased slightly as higher costs for wood, chemicals and energy in russia were largely offset by lower costs in europe. planned maintenance downtime costs were $11 million higher in 2015 than in 2014.
entering 2016, domestic sales volumes in the first quarter are expected to be seasonally weaker in russia, and stable in europe. average sales price realizations for uncoated freesheet paper are expected to reflect the impact of announced price increases in both europe and russia. input costs should be slightly higher for wood and chemicals. planned maintenance downtime costs should be $1 million lower than in the fourth quarter of 2015.
indian papers net sales were $172 million in 2015, $178 million in 2014 and $185 million ($174 million excluding excise duties which were included in net sales in 2013 and prior periods) in 2013. operating profits were a loss of $11 million in 2015, compared with a gain of $8 million (a loss of $12 million excluding a gain related to the resolution of a legal contingency) in 2014 and a loss of $145 million (a loss of $22 million excluding goodwill and trade name impairment charges) in 2013.
average sales price realizations decreased in 2015 compared with 2014 reflecting soft market demand. sales volumes increased, primarily to export markets. input costs were lower for wood and chemicals. operating costs were higher in 2015, but planned maintenance downtime costs were even with 2014. looking ahead to the first quarter of 2016, sales volumes are expected to be seasonally higher. average sales price realizations are expected to be stable.
u.s. pulp net sales were $844 million in 2015 compared with $895 million in 2014 and $815 million in 2013.
operating profits were $46 million in 2015 compared with $57 million in 2014 and $2 million in 2013.
sales volumes in 2015 decreased from 2014 with lower softwood pulp volumes being partially offset by higher fluff pulp volumes. average sales price realizations were lower for both fluff pulp and softwood market pulp. input costs decreased primarily for energy. operating costs were higher, but distribution costs were lower. planned maintenance downtime costs were $4 million lower in 2015 than in 2014.
compared with the fourth quarter of 2015, sales volumes in the first quarter of 2016 are expected to be stable. average sales price realizations are expected to be lower for fluff pulp and softwood market pulp. input costs should be higher for fuels and utilities. planned maintenance downtime costs should be about $45 million higher than in the fourth quarter of 2015 including outage costs associated with the conversion of our riegelwood mill to 100% pulp production.
consumer packaging demand and pricing for consumer packaging products correlate closely with consumer spending and general economic activity. in addition to prices and volumes, major factors affecting the profitability of consumer packaging are raw material and energy costs, freight costs, manufacturing efficiency and product mix.
consumer packaging net sales in 2015 decreased 14% from 2014, and decreased 14% from 2013. operating profits decreased 114% from 2014 and decreased 116% from 2013. excluding the cost associated with the conversion of our riegelwood, north carolina mill to 100% pulp production, net of the proceeds from the sale of the carolina coated bristols brand, costs associated with the impairment of goodwill and other assets of the ip-sun jv, costs associated with the permanent shutdown of a paper machine at our augusta, georgia mill and other special items, 2015 operating profits were 15% lower than in 2014, and 24% lower than in 2013. benefits from higher sales volumes ($14 million), lower planned maintenance downtime costs ($5 million) and lower input costs ($39 million) were offset by lower average sales price realizations and mix ($30 million), higher operating costs ($44 million), and higher foreign exchange and other costs ($11 million). in addition, operating profits in 2015 include a charge of $174 million for the impairment of goodwill and other assets for the ip-sun jv, an $8 million cost related to the conversion of our riegelwood mill to 100% pulp production, net of the proceeds from the sale of the carolina coated bristols brand, and $2 million of costs associated with sheet plant closures, while operating profits in 2014 include $8 million of costs associated with sheet plant closures. operating profits in 2013 include costs of $45 million related to the permanent shutdown of a paper machine at our
28
augusta, georgia mill and $2 million of costs associated with the sale of the shorewood business.
consumer packaging in millions                        2015            2014            2013
sales                        $2,940          $3,403          $3,435
operating profit (loss)         (25   )         178             161
north american consumer packaging net sales were $1.9 billion in 2015 compared with $2.0 billion in 2014 and $2.0 billion in 2013. operating profits were $81 million ($91 million excluding the cost associated with the planned conversion of our riegelwood mill to 100% pulp production, net of proceeds from the sale of the carolina coated bristols brand, and sheet plant closure costs) in 2015 compared with $92 million ($100 million excluding sheet plant closure costs) in 2014 and $63 million ($110 million excluding paper machine shutdown costs and costs related to the sale of the shorewood business) in 2013.
coated paperboard sales volumes in 2015 were lower than in 2014 reflecting weaker market demand. the business took about 77,000 tons of market-related downtime in 2015 compared with about 41,000 tons in 2014. average sales price realizations increased modestly year over year as competitive pressures in the current year only partially offset the impact of sales price increases implemented in 2014. input costs decreased for energy and chemicals, but wood costs increased. planned maintenance downtime costs were $10 million lower in 2015. operating costs were higher, mainly due to inflation and overhead costs.
foodservice sales volumes increased in 2015 compared with 2014 reflecting strong market demand. average sales margins increased due to lower resin costs and a more favorable mix. operating costs and distribution costs were both higher.
looking ahead to the first quarter of 2016, coated paperboard sales volumes are expected to be slightly lower than in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to our exit from the coated bristols market. average sales price realizations are expected to be flat, but margins should benefit from a more favorable product mix. input costs are expected to be higher for wood, chemicals and energy. planned maintenance downtime costs should be $4 million higher with a planned maintenance outage scheduled at our augusta mill in the first quarter. foodservice sales volumes are expected to be seasonally lower. average sales margins are expected to improve due to a more favorable mix. operating costs are expected to decrease.
european consumer packaging net sales in 2015 were $319 million compared with $365 million in 2014 and $380 million in 2013. operating profits in 2015 were $87 million compared with $91 million in 2014 and $100 million in 2013. sales volumes in 2015 compared with
2014 increased in europe, but decreased in russia. average sales margins improved in russia due to slightly higher average sales price realizations and a more favorable mix. in europe average sales margins decreased reflecting lower average sales price realizations and an unfavorable mix. input costs were lower in europe, primarily for wood and energy, but were higher in russia, primarily for wood.
looking forward to the first quarter of 2016, compared with the fourth quarter of 2015, sales volumes are expected to be stable. average sales price realizations are expected to be slightly higher in both russia and europe. input costs are expected to be flat, while operating costs are expected to increase.
asian consumer packaging the company sold its 55% equity share in the ip-sun jv in october 2015. net sales and operating profits presented below include results through september 30, 2015. net sales were $682 million in 2015 compared with $1.0 billion in 2014 and $1.1 billion in 2013. operating profits in 2015 were a loss of $193 million (a loss of $19 million excluding goodwill and other asset impairment costs) compared with losses of $5 million in 2014 and $2 million in 2013.
sales volumes and average sales price realizations were lower in 2015 due to over-supplied market conditions and competitive pressures. average sales margins were also negatively impacted by a less favorable mix. input costs and freight costs were lower and operating costs also decreased.
on october 13, 2015, the company finalized the sale of its 55% interest in ip asia coated paperboard (ip-sun jv) business, within the company's consumer packaging segment, to its chinese coated board joint venture partner, shandong sun holding group co., ltd. for rmb 149 million (approximately usd $23 million). during the third quarter of 2015, a determination was made that the current book value of the asset group exceeded its estimated fair value of $23 million, which was the agreed upon selling price. the 2015 loss includes the net pre-tax impairment charge of $174 million ($113 million after taxes). a pre-tax charge of $186 million was recorded during the third quarter in the company's consumer packaging segment to write down the long-lived assets of this business to their estimated fair value. in the fourth quarter of 2015, upon the sale and corresponding deconsolidation of ip-sun jv from the company's consolidated balance sheet, final adjustments were made resulting in a reduction of the impairment of $12 million. the amount of pre-tax losses related to noncontrolling interest of the ip-sun jv included in the company's consolidated statement of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $19 million, $12 million and $8 million, respectively. the amount of pre-tax losses related to the ip-sun jv included in the company's
29
consolidated statement of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $226 million, $51 million and $41 million, respectively.
equity earnings, net of taxes - ilim holding s.a.
international paper accounts for its investment in ilim holding s.a. (ilim), a separate reportable industry segment, using the equity method of accounting.
the company recorded equity earnings, net of taxes, related to ilim of $131 million in 2015 compared with a loss of $194 million in 2014 and a loss of $46 million in 2013. operating results recorded in 2015 included an after-tax non-cash foreign exchange loss of $75 million compared with an after-tax foreign exchange loss of $269 million in 2014 and an after-tax foreign exchange loss of $32 million in 2013 primarily on the remeasurement of ilim's u.s. dollar-denominated net debt.
sales volumes for the joint venture increased year over year for shipments to china of hardwood pulp and softwood pulp, but decreased for linerboard. sales volumes in the domestic russian market increased for hardwood pulp and paper, but decreased for softwood pulp and linerboard. average sales price realizations were higher in 2015 for sales of hardwood pulp to export markets and linerboard to the domestic market, but were offset by lower average sales price realizations for sales of softwood pulp to export markets. input costs increased year-over-year for wood, chemicals, fuel and energy. freight costs also increased. the company received cash dividends from the joint venture of $35 million in 2015 and $56 million in 2014. no dividends were paid in 2013.
entering the first quarter of 2016, sales volumes are expected to be seasonally lower than in the fourth quarter of 2015 due to the january holidays in russia. average sales price realizations are expected to decrease for exported hardwood pulp, softwood pulp and containerboard, slightly offset by higher average sales price realizations for paper in the domestic market. input costs for energy, chemicals and wood should be higher and distribution costs are also expected to increase.
liquidity and capital resources overview a major factor in international paper's liquidity and capital resource planning is its generation of operating cash flow, which is highly sensitive to changes in the pricing and demand for our major products. while changes in key cash operating costs, such as energy, raw material and transportation costs, do have an effect on operating cash generation, we believe that our focus on pricing and cost controls has improved our cash flow generation over an operating cycle.
cash uses during 2015 were primarily focused on working capital requirements, capital spending, debt reductions and returning cash to shareholders.
cash provided by operating activities cash provided by operations totaled $2.6 billion in 2015 compared with $3.1 billion for 2014 and $3.0 billion for 2013.
the major components of cash provided by operations are earnings from operations adjusted for non-cash income and expense items, cash pension contributions and changes in working capital. earnings from operations, adjusted for non-cash income and expense items and cash pension contributions decreased by $433 million in 2015 versus 2014 driven mainly by increased cash pension contributions in 2015. cash used for working capital components, accounts receivable and inventory less accounts payable and accrued liabilities, interest payable and other totaled $222 million in 2015, compared with a cash use of $158 million in 2014 and a cash use of $486 million in 2013.
the company generated free cash flow of approximately $1.8 billion, $2.1 billion and $1.8 billion in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. free cash flow is a non-gaap measure and the most comparable gaap measure is cash provided by operations. management uses free cash flow as a liquidity metric because it measures the amount of cash generated that is available to maintain our assets, make investments or acquisitions, pay dividends and reduce debt. the following are reconciliations of free cash flow to cash provided by operations:
in millions                                                     2015            2014            2013
cash provided by operations                               $2,580          $3,077          $3,028
(less)/add:
cash invested in capital projects                         (1,487   )      (1,366   )      (1,198   )
cash contribution to pension plan                            750             353              31
insurance reimbursement for guaranty bank settlement           -               -             (30   )
free cash flow                                            $1,843          $2,064          $1,831
in millions                               three months ended december 31, 2015        three months ended september 30, 2015         three months ended december 31, 2014
cash provided by operations                                $990                                         $837                                       $1,144
(less)/add:
cash invested in capital projects                          (489              )                          (325              )                          (405              )
free cash flow                                             $501                                         $512                                         $739
30
alternative fuel mixture credit on july 19, 2011, the company filed an amended 2009 tax return claiming alternative fuel mixture tax credits as non-taxable income. the amended position has been accepted by the internal revenue service (irs) in the closing of the irs tax audit for the years 2006 - 2009. as a result, during 2013, the company recognized an income tax benefit of $753 million related to the non-taxability of the alternative fuel mixture tax credits.
investment activities investment activities in 2015 were up from 2014 reflecting an increase in capital spending and the use of $198 million of cash in conjunction with the timber monetization restructuring (see note 12 variable interest entities and preferred securities of subsidiaries on pages 64 through 66 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data) in 2015. in addition, 2014 investment activity includes the receipt of approximately $400 million in connection with the spin-off of the xpedx distribution business. the company maintains an average capital spending target around depreciation or amortization levels or modestly above due to strategic plans over the course of an economic cycle. capital spending was $1.5 billion in 2015, or 115% of depreciation and amortization, compared with $1.4 billion in 2014, or 97% of depreciation and amortization, and $1.2 billion, or 77% of depreciation and amortization in 2013. across our businesses, capital spending as a percentage of depreciation and amortization ranged from 118% to 100% in 2015.
the following table shows capital spending for operations by business segment for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
in millions                     2015            2014            2013
industrial packaging        $858            $754            $629
printing papers              361             318             294
consumer packaging           216             233             208
distribution                   -               -               9
subtotal                   1,435           1,305           1,140
corporate and other           52              61              58
total                     $1,487          $1,366          $1,198
capital expenditures in 2016 are currently expected to be about $1.3 billion, or 100% of depreciation and amortization.
acquisitions and joint ventures olmuksan
2014: in may 2014, the company conducted a voluntary tender offer for the remaining outstanding
12.6% public shares of olmuksan. the company also purchased outstanding shares of olmuksan outside of the tender offer. as of december 31, 2014 and 2015, the company owned 91.7% of olmuksan's outstanding and issued shares.
2013: on january 3, 2013, international paper completed the acquisition (effective date of acquisition on january 1, 2013) of the shares of its joint venture partner, sabanci holding, in the turkish corrugated packaging company, olmuksa international paper sabanci ambalaj sanayi ve ticaret a.s., now called olmuksan international paper ambalaj sanayi ve ticaret a.s. (olmuksan), for a purchase price of $56 million. the acquired shares represented 43.7% of olmuksan's shares. prior to this acquisition, international paper held a 43.7% equity interest in olmuksan.
because the transaction resulted in international paper becoming the majority shareholder, owning 87.4% of olmuksan's outstanding and issued shares, its completion triggered a mandatory call for tender of the remaining public shares which began in march 2013 and ended in april 2013, with no shares tendered. as a result, the 12.6% owned by other parties were considered non-controlling interests. olmuksan's financial results have been consolidated with the company's industrial packaging segment beginning january 1, 2013, the effective date which international paper obtained majority control of the entity.
following the transaction, the company's previously held 43.7% equity interest in olmuksan was remeasured to a fair value of $75 million, resulting in a gain of $9 million. in addition, the cumulative translation adjustment balance of $17 million relating to the previously held equity interest was reclassified, as expense, from accumulated other comprehensive income.
the final purchase price allocation indicated that the sum of the cash consideration paid, the fair value of the noncontrolling interest and the fair value of the previously held interest was less than the fair value of the underlying assets by $21 million, resulting in a bargain purchase price gain being recorded on this transaction. the aforementioned remeasurement of equity interest gain, the cumulative translation adjustment to expense, and the bargain purchase gain are included in the net bargain purchase gain on acquisition of business in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations.
orsa
2014: on april 8, 2014, the company acquired the remaining 25% of shares of orsa international paper embalangens s.a. (orsa ip) from its joint venture
31
partner, jari celulose, papel e embalagens s.a. (jari), a grupo orsa company, for approximately $127 million, of which $105 million was paid in cash with the remaining $22 million held back pending satisfaction of certain indemnification obligations by jari. international paper will release the amount held back, or any amount for which we have not notified jari of a claim, by march 30, 2016. an additional $11 million, which was not included in the purchase price, was placed in an escrow account pending resolution of certain open matters. during 2014, these open matters were successfully resolved, which resulted in $9 million paid out of escrow to jari and correspondingly added to the final purchase consideration. the remaining $2 million was released back to the company. as a result of this transaction, the company reversed the $168 million of redeemable noncontrolling interest included on the march 31, 2014 consolidated balance sheet. the net difference between the redeemable noncontrolling interest balance plus $14 million of currency translation adjustment reclassified out of other comprehensive income less the 25% purchase price was reflected as an increase to retained earnings on the consolidated balance sheet.
2013: on january 14, 2013, international paper and jari formed orsa ip with international paper holding a 75% stake. the value of international paper's investment in orsa ip was approximately $471 million. because international paper acquired a majority control of the joint venture, orsa ip's financial results have been consolidated with our industrial packaging segment from the date of formation on january 14, 2013. the 25% owned by jari was considered a redeemable noncontrolling interest and met the requirements to be classified outside permanent equity. as such, the company reported $163 million in redeemable noncontrolling interest in the december 31, 2013 consolidated balance sheet.
financing activities amounts related to early debt extinguishment during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 were as follows:
in millions                                            2015            2014          2013
debt reductions (a)                              $2,151          $1,625          $574
pre-tax early debt extinguishment costs (b)         207             276            25
(a)   reductions related to notes with interest rates ranging from 2.00% to 9.38% with original maturities from 2014 to 2031 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. includes the $630 million payment for a portion of the special purpose entity liability (see note 12 variable interest entities on pages 64 through 66 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data ).
(b)   amounts are included in restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
2015: financing activities during 2015 included debt issuances of $6.9 billion and retirements of $6.9 billion for a net decrease of $74 million.
during 2015, the company restructured the timber monetization which resulted in the use of $630 million in cash to pay down a portion of the third party bank loans and refinance the loans on nonrecourse terms. (see note 12 variable interest entities on pages 64 through 66 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data).
international paper utilizes interest rate swaps to change the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and manage interest expense. at december 31, 2015, international paper had interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $17 million and maturities in 2018 (see note 14 derivatives and hedging activities on pages 67 through 71 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). during 2015, existing swaps and the amortization of deferred gains on previously terminated swaps decreased the weighted average cost of debt from 5.9% to an effective rate of 5.8%. the inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced this effective rate to 5.1%.
in 2015, international paper issued $700 million of 3.80% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2026, $600 million of 5.00% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2035, and $700 million of 5.15% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2046. the proceeds from this borrowing were used to repay approximately $1.0 billion of notes with interest rates ranging from 4.75% to 9.38% and original maturities from 2018 to 2022, along with $211 million of cash premiums associated with the debt repayments. additionally, the proceeds from this borrowing were used to make a $750 million voluntary cash contribution to the company's pension plan. pre-tax early debt retirement costs of $207 million related to the debt repayments, including the $211 million of cash premiums, are included in restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015.
other financing activities during 2015 included the net repurchase of approximately 8.0 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding, and the issuance of 62,000 shares of common stock for various plans, including stock options exercises that generated approximately $2.4 million of cash. repurchases of common stock and payments of restricted stock withholding taxes totaled $604.6 million, including $522.6 million related to shares repurchased under the company's share repurchase program.
32
in october 2015, international paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.40 per share to $0.44 per share, effective for the 2015 fourth quarter.
2014: financing activities during 2014 included debt issuances of $2.0 billion and retirements of $2.1 billion, for a net decrease of $113 million.
international paper utilizes interest rate swaps to change the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and manage interest expense. at december 31, 2014, international paper had interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $230 million and maturities in 2018 (see note 14 derivatives and hedging activities on pages 67 through 71 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). during 2014, existing swaps and the amortization of deferred gains on previously terminated swaps decreased the weighted average cost of debt from 6.8% to an effective rate of 6.7%. the inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced this effective rate to 6.3%.
during the second quarter of 2014, international paper issued $800 million of 3.65% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2024 and $800 million of 4.80% senior unsecured notes with a maturity date in 2044. the proceeds from this borrowing were used to repay approximately $960 million of notes with interest rates ranging from 7.95% to 9.38% and original maturities from 2018 to 2019. pre-tax early debt retirement costs of $262 million related to these debt repayments, including $258 million of cash premiums, are included in restructuring and other charges in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014.
other financing activities during 2014 included the net repurchase of approximately 17.9 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding, and the issuance of 1.6 million shares of common stock for various plans, including stock options exercises that generated approximately $66 million of cash. repurchases of common stock and payments of restricted stock withholding taxes totaled $1.06 billion, including $983 million related to shares repurchased under the company's share repurchase program.
in september 2014, international paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.35 per share to $0.40 per share, effective for the 2014 fourth quarter.
2013: financing activities during 2013 included debt issuances of $241 million and retirements of $845 million, for a net decrease of $604 million.
international paper utilizes interest rate swaps to change the mix of fixed and variable rate debt and manage interest expense. at december 31, 2013, international paper had interest rate swaps with a total notional amount of $175 million and maturities in 2018 (see note 14 derivatives and hedging activities on pages 67 through 71 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). during 2013, existing swaps and the amortization of deferred gains on previously terminated swaps decreased the weighted average cost of debt from 6.7% to an effective rate of 6.5%. the inclusion of the offsetting interest income from short-term investments reduced this effective rate to 6.2%.
other financing activities during 2013 included the net repurchase of approximately 10.9 million shares of treasury stock, including restricted stock withholding, and the issuance of 7.3 million shares of common stock for various plans, including stock options exercises that generated approximately $298 million of cash. repurchases of common stock and payments of restricted stock withholding taxes totaled $512 million, including $461 million related to shares repurchased under the company's share repurchase program.
in september 2013, international paper announced that the quarterly dividend would be increased from $0.30 per share to $0.35 per share, effective for the 2013 fourth quarter.
variable interest entities information concerning variable interest entities is set forth in note 12 variable interest entities on pages 64 through 66 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for discussion.
liquidity and capital resources outlook for 2016
capital expenditures and long-term debt international paper expects to be able to meet projected capital expenditures, service existing debt and meet working capital and dividend requirements during 2016 through current cash balances and cash from operations. additionally, the company has existing credit facilities totaling $2.1 billion available at december 31, 2015.
the company was in compliance with all its debt covenants at december 31, 2015. the company's financial covenants require the maintenance of a minimum net worth of $9 billion and a total debt-to-capital ratio of less than 60%. net worth is defined as the sum of common stock, paid-in capital and retained earnings, less treasury stock plus any cumulative goodwill impairment charges. the calculation also excludes accumulated other comprehensive income/loss and nonrecourse financial liabilities of special purpose entities. the total debt-to-capital ratio is defined as total debt divided by the sum of total debt plus net worth. at december 31, 2015, international paper's net worth was $14.1 billion, and the total-debt-to-capital ratio was 39.8%.
33
the company will continue to rely upon debt and capital markets for the majority of any necessary long-term funding not provided by operating cash flows. funding decisions will be guided by our capital structure planning objectives. the primary goals of the company's capital structure planning are to maximize financial flexibility and preserve liquidity while reducing interest expense. the majority of international paper's debt is accessed through global public capital markets where we have a wide base of investors.
maintaining an investment grade credit rating is an important element of international paper's financing strategy. at december 31, 2015, the company held long-term credit ratings of bbb (stable outlook) and baa2 (stable outlook) by s&p and moody's, respectively.
contractual obligations for future payments under existing debt and lease commitments and purchase obligations at december 31, 2015, were as follows:
in millions                                 2015          2016            2017          2018          2019        thereafter maturities of long-term debt (a)        $426           $43            $811          $427          $183          $7,436
lease obligations                        118            95              72            55            41             128
purchase obligations (b)               3,001           541             447           371           358           1,579
total (c)                             $3,545          $679          $1,330          $853          $582          $9,143
(a)   total debt includes scheduled principal payments only.
(b)   includes $2.1 billion relating to fiber supply agreements entered into at the time of the 2006 transformation plan forestland sales and in conjunction with the 2008 acquisition of weyerhaeuser company's containerboard, packaging and recycling business.
(c)   not included in the above table due to the uncertainty as to the amount and timing of the payment are unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $101 million.
we consider the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries as of december 31, 2015, to be indefinitely reinvested and, accordingly, no u.s. income taxes have been provided thereon. as of december 31, 2015, the amount of cash associated with indefinitely reinvested foreign earnings was approximately $600 million. we do not anticipate the need to repatriate funds to the united states to satisfy domestic liquidity needs arising in the ordinary course of business, including liquidity needs associated with our domestic debt service requirements.
pension obligations and funding at december 31, 2015, the projected benefit obligation for the company's u.s. defined benefit plans determined under u.s. gaap was approximately $3.5 billion higher than the fair value of plan assets. approximately $3.2 billion of this amount relates to plans that are subject to minimum funding requirements. under current irs funding rules, the calculation of minimum funding requirements differs from the calculation of the present value of plan benefits
(the projected benefit obligation) for accounting purposes. in december 2008, the worker, retiree and employer recovery act of 2008 (wera) was passed by the u.s. congress which provided for pension funding relief and technical corrections. funding contributions depend on the funding method selected by the company, and the timing of its implementation, as well as on actual demographic data and the targeted funding level. the company continually reassesses the amount and timing of any discretionary contributions and elected to make contributions totaling $750 million and $353 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. at this time, we do not expect to have any required contributions to our plans in 2016, although the company may elect to make future voluntary contributions. the timing and amount of future contributions, which could be material, will depend on a number of factors, including the actual earnings and changes in values of plan assets and changes in interest rates. international paper has announced a voluntary, limited-time opportunity for former employees who are participants in the retirement plan of international paper company (the pension plan) to request early payment of their entire pension plan benefit in the form of a single lump sum payment. eligible participants who wish to receive the lump sum payment must make an election between february 29 and april 29, 2016, and payment is scheduled to be made on or before june 30, 2016. all payments will be made from the pension plan trust assets. the target population has a total liability of $3.0 billion. the amount of the total payments will depend on the participation rate of eligible participants, but is expected to be approximately $1.5 billion. based on the expected level of payments, settlement accounting rules will apply in the period in which the payments are made.  this will result in a plan remeasurement and the recognition in earnings of a pro-rata portion of unamortized net actuarial loss.
ilim holding s.a. shareholder's agreement in october 2007, in connection with the formation of the ilim holding s.a. joint venture, international paper entered into a shareholder's agreement that includes provisions relating to the reconciliation of disputes among the partners. this agreement was amended on may 7, 2014. pursuant to the amended agreement, beginning on january 1, 2017, either the company or its partners may commence certain procedures specified under the deadlock provisions. if these or any other deadlock provisions are commenced, the company may in certain situations, choose to purchase its partners' 50% interest in ilim. any such transaction would be subject to review and approval by russian and other relevant antitrust authorities. any such purchase by international paper would result in the consolidation of ilim's financial position and results of operations in all subsequent periods.
34
critical accounting policies and significant accounting estimates the preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states requires international paper to establish accounting policies and to make estimates that affect both the amounts and timing of the recording of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. some of these estimates require judgments about matters that are inherently uncertain.
accounting policies whose application may have a significant effect on the reported results of operations and financial position of international paper, and that can require judgments by management that affect their application, include the accounting for contingencies, impairment or disposal of long-lived assets and goodwill, pensions and postretirement benefit obligations, stock options and income taxes. the company has discussed the selection of critical accounting policies and the effect of significant estimates with the audit and finance committee of the company's board of directors.
contingent liabilities accruals for contingent liabilities, including legal and environmental matters, are recorded when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset impaired and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. liabilities accrued for legal matters require judgments regarding projected outcomes and range of loss based on historical experience and recommendations of legal counsel. liabilities for environmental matters require evaluations of relevant environmental regulations and estimates of future remediation alternatives and costs.
impairment of long-lived assets and goodwill an impairment of a long-lived asset exists when the asset's carrying amount exceeds its fair value, and is recorded when the carrying amount is not recoverable through cash flows from future operations. a goodwill impairment exists when the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds its fair value. assessments of possible impairments of long-lived assets and goodwill are made when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable through future operations. additionally, testing for possible impairment of goodwill and intangible asset balances is required annually. the amount and timing of any impairment charges based on these assessments require the estimation of future cash flows and the fair market value of the related assets based on management's best estimates of certain key factors, including future selling prices and volumes, operating, raw material, energy and freight costs, and various other projected operating economic factors. as these key factors change in future periods, the company will update its impairment analyses to reflect its latest estimates and projections.
under the provisions of accounting standards codification (asc) 350, "intangibles - goodwill and other," the testing of goodwill for possible impairment is a two-step process. in the first step, the fair value of the company's reporting units is compared with their carrying value, including goodwill. if fair value exceeds the carrying value, goodwill is not considered to be impaired. if the fair value of a reporting unit is below the carrying value, then step two is performed to measure the amount of the goodwill impairment loss for the reporting unit. this analysis requires the determination of the fair value of all of the individual assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, including any currently unrecognized intangible assets, as if the reporting unit had been purchased on the analysis date. once these fair values have been determined, the implied fair value of the unit's goodwill is calculated as the excess, if any, of the fair value of the reporting unit determined in step one over the fair value of the net assets determined in step two. the carrying value of goodwill is then reduced to this implied value, or to zero if the fair value of the assets exceeds the fair value of the reporting unit, through a goodwill impairment charge.
the impairment analysis requires a number of judgments by management. in calculating the estimated fair value of its reporting units in step one, the company uses the projected future cash flows to be generated by each unit over the estimated remaining useful operating lives of the unit's assets, discounted using the estimated cost-of-capital discount rate for each reporting unit. these calculations require many estimates, including discount rates, future growth rates, and cost and pricing trends for each reporting unit. subsequent changes in economic and operating conditions can affect these assumptions and could result in additional interim testing and goodwill impairment charges in future periods. upon completion, the resulting estimated fair values are then analyzed for reasonableness by comparing them to earnings multiples for historic industry business transactions, and by comparing the sum of the reporting unit fair values and other corporate assets and liabilities divided by diluted common shares outstanding to the company's market price per share on the analysis date.
in the fourth quarter of 2015, in conjunction with the annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments, the company calculated the estimated fair value of its brazil packaging business using the discounted future cash flows and determined that all of the goodwill in the business, totaling $137 million, should be written off. the decline in the fair value of the brazil packaging business and resulting impairment charge was due to the negative impacts on the cash
35
flows of the business caused by the continued decline of the overall brazilian economy.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, in conjunction with the annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments, the company calculated the estimated fair value of its asia industrial packaging business using the discounted future cash flows and determined that all of the goodwill in this business, totaling $100 million, should be written off. the decline in the fair value of the asia industrial packaging business and resulting impairment charge was due to a change in the strategic outlook for the business.
in the fourth quarter of 2013, in conjunction with the annual testing of its reporting units for possible goodwill impairments, the company calculated the estimated fair value of its india papers business using the discounted future cash flows and determined that all of the goodwill of this business, totaling $112 million, should be written off. the decline in the fair value of the india papers reporting unit and resulting impairment charge was due to a change in the strategic outlook for the india papers operations.
also in the fourth quarter of 2013, the company calculated the estimated fair value of its xpedx business using the discounted future cash flows and wrote off all of the goodwill of its xpedx business, totaling $400 million. the decline in fair value of the xpedx reporting unit and resulting impairment charge was due to a significant decline in earnings and a change in the strategic outlook for the xpedx operations.
as a result, during the fourth quarter of 2013, the company recorded a total goodwill impairment charge of $512 million ($485 million after taxes and a gain of $3 million related to noncontrolling interest), representing all of the recorded goodwill of the xpedx business and the india papers business.
also during 2013, the company recorded a pre-tax charge of $15 million ($7 million after taxes and noncontrolling interest) for the impairment of a trade name intangible asset related to our india papers business.
pension and postretirement benefit obligations the charges recorded for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations are determined annually in conjunction with international paper's consulting actuary, and are dependent upon various assumptions including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, discount rates, projected future compensation increases, health care cost trend rates and mortality rates.
the calculations of pension and postretirement benefit obligations and expenses require decisions about a number of key assumptions that can significantly affect liability and expense amounts, including the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets, the discount rate used to calculate plan liabilities, the projected rate of future compensation increases and health care cost trend rates.
benefit obligations and fair values of plan assets as of december 31, 2015, for international paper's pension and postretirement plans were as follows:
in millions                         benefit   fair value of obligation   plan assets u.s. qualified pension        $14,092         $10,923
u.s. nonqualified pension         347         -
u.s. postretirement               275         -
non-u.s. pension                  204                 155
non-u.s. postretirement            45         -
the table below shows assumptions used by international paper to calculate u.s. pension obligations for the years shown:
2015                                            2014        2013
discount rate                   4.40   %   4.10   %    4.90   %
rate of compensation increase   3.75   %   3.75   %    3.75   %
additionally, health care cost trend rates used in the calculation of u.s. postretirement obligations for the years shown were:
2015                                                                           2014
health care cost trend rate assumed for next year             7.00   %    7.00    %
rate that the cost trend rate gradually declines to           5.00   %    5.00    %
year that the rate reaches the rate it is assumed to remain   2022   2022
international paper determines these actuarial assumptions, after consultation with our actuaries, on december 31 of each year to calculate liability information as of that date and pension and postretirement expense for the following year. the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets is based on projected rates of return for current and planned asset classes in the plan's investment portfolio. the discount rate assumption was determined based on a hypothetical settlement portfolio selected from a universe of high quality corporate bonds.
the expected long-term rate of return on u.s. pension plan assets used to determine net periodic cost for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 7.75%.
increasing (decreasing) the expected long-term rate of return on u.s. plan assets by an additional 0.25% would decrease (increase) 2016 pension expense by
36
approximately $27 million, while a (decrease) increase of 0.25% in the discount rate would (increase) decrease pension expense by approximately $36 million. the effect on net postretirement benefit cost from a 1% increase or decrease in the annual health care cost trend rate would be approximately $1 million.
actual rates of return earned on u.s. pension plan assets for each of the last 10 years were:
year       return   year        return
2015    1.3   %     2010    15.1   %
2014    6.4   %     2009    23.8   %
2013   14.1   %     2008   (23.6   )%
2012   14.1   %     2007     9.6   %
2011    2.5   %     2006    14.9   %
the 2012, 2013 and 2014 returns above represent weighted averages of international paper and temple-inland asset returns. international paper and temple-inland assets were combined in october 2014. the annualized time-weighted rate of return earned on u.s. pension plan assets was 7.5% and 7.0% for the past five and ten years, respectively. the following graph shows the growth of a $1,000 investment in international paper's u.s. pension plan master trust. the graph portrays the time-weighted rate of return from 2005 - 2015.
asc 715, "compensation - retirement benefits," provides for delayed recognition of actuarial gains and losses, including amounts arising from changes in the estimated projected plan benefit obligation due to changes in the assumed discount rate, differences between the actual and expected return on plan assets, and other assumption changes. these net gains and losses are recognized in pension expense prospectively over a period that approximates the average remaining service period of active employees expected to receive benefits under the plans to the extent that they are not offset by gains and losses in subsequent years. the estimated net loss and prior service cost that will be amortized from accumulated other comprehensive income into net periodic pension cost for the u.s. pension plans over the next fiscal year are $374 million and $41 million, respectively.
net periodic pension and postretirement plan expenses, calculated for all of international paper's plans, were as follows:
in millions                     2015          2014          2013          2012          2011
pension expense u.s. plans (non-cash)       $461          $387          $545          $342          $195
non-u.s. plans                 6             -             5             3             1
postretirement expense u.s. plans                     8             7            (1   )        (4   )         7
non-u.s. plans                 5             7             7             1             2
net expense                 $480          $401          $556          $342          $205
the increase in 2015 u.s. pension expense principally reflects a decrease in the discount rate, updated mortality assumptions, higher amortization of unrecognized actuarial losses and a settlement charge in 2015.
assuming that discount rates, expected long-term returns on plan assets and rates of future compensation increases remain the same as in 2015, projected future net periodic pension and postretirement plan expenses would be as follows:
in millions                  2017 (1)       2016 (1)
pension expense u.s. plans (non-cash)       $278           $364
non-u.s. plans                 4              5
postretirement expense u.s. plans                    14             14
non-u.s. plans                 8              5
net expense                 $304           $388
(1)   based on assumptions at december 31, 2015.
the company estimates that it will record net pension expense of approximately $364 million for its u.s. defined benefit plans in 2016, with the decrease from expense of $461 million in 2015 reflecting an increase in the assumed discount rate to 4.40% in 2016 from 4.10% in 2015, updated demographic assumptions and lower unrecognized losses.
the market value of plan assets for international paper's u.s. qualified pension plan at december 31, 2015 totaled approximately $10.9 billion, consisting of approximately 48% equity securities, 33% debt securities, 10% real estate and 9% other assets. plan assets include an immaterial amount of international paper common stock.
the company's funding policy for its qualified pension plans is to contribute amounts sufficient to meet legal funding requirements, plus any additional amounts that the company may determine to be appropriate considering the funded status of the plan, tax deductibility, the cash flows generated by the company,
37
and other factors. the company continually reassesses the amount and timing of any discretionary contributions and could elect to make voluntary contributions in the future. there are no required contributions to the u.s. qualified plan in 2016. the nonqualified defined benefit plans are funded to the extent of benefit payments, which totaled $62 million for the year ended december 31, 2015.
accounting for stock-based compensation the company has a performance share plan, which grants performance-based restricted stock units that are paid out in stock when the awards are earned. such incentive compensation plans are accounted for under asc 718, "compensation - stock compensation." this standard requires that the value of shares to be issued under this plan be recognized as compensation over the period in which the awards are earned based on the fair value of the awards, and requires the use of a number of judgments and assumptions in determining the timing and amount of such charges. additionally, since a component of these awards is based on the company's performance over a specified period compared to other companies, the amount of expense recorded for a given period could require adjustments after the end of the period.
income taxes international paper records its global tax provision based on the respective tax rules and regulations for the jurisdictions in which it operates. where the company believes that a tax position is supportable for income tax purposes, the item is included in its income tax returns. where treatment of a position is uncertain, liabilities are recorded based upon the company's evaluation of the "more likely than not" outcome considering technical merits of the position based on specific tax regulations and facts of each matter. changes to recorded liabilities are only made when an identifiable event occurs that changes the likely outcome, such as settlement with the relevant tax authority, the expiration of statutes of limitation for the subject tax year, change in tax laws, or a recent court case that addresses the matter.
valuation allowances are recorded to reduce deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that a tax benefit will not be realized. significant judgment is required in evaluating the need for and magnitude of appropriate valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. the realization of these assets is dependent on generating future taxable income, as well as successful implementation of various tax planning strategies.
while international paper believes that these judgments and estimates are appropriate and reasonable under the circumstances, actual resolution of these matters may differ from recorded estimated amounts.
the company's effective income tax rates, before equity earnings and discontinued operations, were 37%, 14% and (41)% for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. these effective tax rates include the tax effects of certain special items that can significantly affect the effective income tax rate in a given year, but may not recur in subsequent years. management believes that the effective tax rate computed after excluding these special items may provide a better estimate of the rate that might be expected in future years if no additional special items were to occur in those years. excluding these special items, the effective income tax rate for 2015 was 33% of pre-tax earnings compared with 31% in 2014 and 26% in 2013. we estimate that the 2016 effective income tax rate will be approximately 34% based on expected earnings and business conditions.
recent accounting developments there were no new accounting pronouncements issued or effective during the fiscal year which have had or are expected to have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements. see note 2 recent accounting developments on pages 51 and 52 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for a discussion of new accounting pronouncements.
legal proceedings information concerning the company's environmental and legal proceedings is set forth in note 11 commitments and contingencies on pages 61 through 64 of item  8. financial statements and supplementary data.
effect of inflation while inflationary increases in certain input costs, such as energy, wood fiber and chemical costs, have an impact on the company's operating results, changes in general inflation have had minimal impact on our operating results in each of the last three years. sales prices and volumes are more strongly influenced by economic supply and demand factors in specific markets and by exchange rate fluctuations than by inflationary factors.
foreign currency effects international paper has operations in a number of countries. its operations in those countries also export to, and compete with, imports from other regions. as such, currency movements can have a number of direct and indirect impacts on the company's financial statements. direct impacts include the translation of international operations' local currency financial statements into u.s. dollars and the remeasurement
38
impact associated with non-functional currency financial assets and liabilities. indirect impacts include the change in competitiveness of imports into, and exports out of, the united states (and the impact on local currency pricing of products that are traded internationally). in general, a weaker u.s. dollar and stronger local currency is beneficial to international paper. the currencies that have the most impact are the euro, the brazilian real, the polish zloty and the russian ruble.
market risk we use financial instruments, including fixed and variable rate debt, to finance operations, for capital spending programs and for general corporate purposes. additionally, financial instruments, including various derivative contracts, are used to hedge exposures to interest rate, commodity and foreign currency risks. we do not use financial instruments for trading purposes. information related to international paper's debt obligations is included in note 13 debt and lines of credit on pages 66 and 67 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data. a discussion of derivatives and hedging activities is included in note 14 derivatives and hedging activities on pages 67 through 71 of item 8. financial statements and supplementary data.
the fair value of our debt and financial instruments varies due to changes in market interest and foreign currency rates and commodity prices since the inception of the related instruments. we assess this market risk utilizing a sensitivity analysis. the sensitivity analysis measures the potential loss in earnings, fair values and cash flows based on a hypothetical 10% change (increase and decrease) in interest and currency rates and commodity prices.
interest rate risk our exposure to market risk for changes in interest rates relates primarily to short- and long-term debt obligations and investments in marketable securities. we invest in investment-grade securities of financial institutions and money market mutual funds with a minimum rating of aaa and limit exposure to any one issuer or fund. our investments in marketable securities at december 31, 2015 and 2014 are stated at cost, which approximates market due to their short-term nature. our interest rate risk exposure related to these investments was not material.
we issue fixed and floating rate debt in a proportion consistent with international paper's targeted capital structure, while at the same time taking advantage of market opportunities to reduce interest expense as appropriate. derivative instruments, such as interest rate swaps, may be used to implement this capital structure. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, the net fair value liability of financial instruments with exposure to interest rate risk was approximately $9.3 billion and $9.8 billion, respectively. the potential loss in fair value resulting from a 10% adverse shift in quoted interest rates would have been approximately $565 million and $410 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
commodity price risk the objective of our commodity exposure management is to minimize volatility in earnings due to large fluctuations in the price of commodities. commodity swap or forward purchase contracts may be used to manage risks associated with market fluctuations in energy prices. the net fair value of such outstanding energy hedge contracts at december 31, 2015 and 2014 was approximately a $7 million and a $2 million liability, respectively. the potential loss in fair value resulting from a 10% adverse change in the underlying commodity prices would have been approximately $1 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
foreign currency risk international paper transacts business in many currencies and is also subject to currency exchange rate risk through investments and businesses owned and operated in foreign countries. our objective in managing the associated foreign currency risks is to minimize the effect of adverse exchange rate fluctuations on our after-tax cash flows. we address these risks on a limited basis by financing a portion of our investments in overseas operations with borrowings denominated in the same currency as the operation's functional currency, or by entering into cross-currency and interest rate swaps, or foreign exchange contracts. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, the net fair value of financial instruments with exposure to foreign currency risk was approximately a $4 million and a $1 million asset, respectively. the potential loss in fair value for such financial instruments from a 10% adverse change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates would have been approximately $30 million and $52 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
