item 1a. risk factors risk factors we operate in a rapidly changing environment that involves a number of risks, some of which are beyond our control. you should consider carefully the risks and uncertainties described below together with the other information included in this annual report on form 10-k, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, in evaluating our company. the occurrence of any of the following risks may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and future prospects.
risks relating to our business the potential loss or delay of our large contracts or of multiple contracts could adversely affect our results.
most of our customers can terminate our contracts upon 30 to 90 days notice. our customers may delay, terminate or reduce the scope of our contracts for a variety of reasons beyond our control, including but not limited to:
·   decisions to forego or terminate a particular clinical trial;

·   lack of available financing, budgetary limits or changing priorities;

·   actions by regulatory authorities;

·   production problems resulting in shortages of the drug being tested;

·   failure of products being tested to satisfy safety requirements or efficacy criteria;

·   unexpected or undesired clinical results for products;

·   insufficient patient enrollment in a clinical trial;

·   insufficient investigator recruitment;

·   shift of business to a competitor or internal resources;

·   product withdrawal following market launch; or

·   shut down of manufacturing facilities.

as a result, contract terminations, delays and alterations are a regular part of our business. in the event of termination, our contracts often provide for fees for winding down the project, but these fees may not be sufficient for us to maintain our margins, and termination may result in lower resource utilization rates. in addition, we may not realize the full benefits of our backlog of contractually committed services if our customers cancel, delay or reduce their commitments under our contracts with them, which may occur if, among other things, a customer decides to shift its business to a competitor or revoke our status as a preferred provider. thus, the loss or delay of a large contract or the loss or delay of multiple contracts could adversely affect our service revenues and profitability. we believe the risk of loss or delay of multiple contracts potentially has greater effect where we are party to broader partnering arrangements with global biopharmaceutical companies.
our financial results may be adversely affected if we underprice our contracts, overrun our cost estimates or fail to receive approval for or experience delays in documenting change orders.
most of our contracts are either fee for service contracts or fixed-fee contracts. our past financial results have been, and our future financial results may be, adversely impacted if we initially underprice our contracts or otherwise overrun our cost estimates and are unable to successfully negotiate a change order. change orders typically occur when the scope of work we perform needs to be modified from that originally contemplated by our contract with the customer. modifications can occur, for example, when there is a change in a key clinical trial assumption or parameter or a significant change in timing. where we are not successful in converting out-of-scope work into change orders under our current contracts, we bear the cost of the additional work. such underpricing, significant cost overruns or delay in documentation of change orders could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
18
the relationship of backlog to revenues varies over time.
backlog represents future service revenues from work not yet completed or performed under signed contracts, letters of intent and, in some cases, written pre-contract commitments. once work begins on a project, revenue is recognized over the duration of the project. projects may be terminated or delayed by the customer or delayed by regulatory authorities for reasons beyond our control. to the extent projects are delayed, the timing of our revenue could be affected. in the event that a customer cancels a contract, we typically would be entitled to receive payment for all services performed up to the cancellation date and subsequent customer-authorized services related to terminating the canceled project. typically, however, we have no contractual right to the full amount of the revenue reflected in our backlog in the event of a contract cancellation. the duration of the projects included in our backlog, and the related revenue recognition, range from a few weeks to many years. our backlog may not be indicative of our future revenues, and we may not realize all the anticipated future revenue reflected in our backlog. a number of factors may affect backlog, including:
·   the size, complexity and duration of the projects;

·   the cancellation or delay of projects; and

·   change in the scope of work during the course of a project.

our backlog at december 31, 2015 was $12,038 million compared to backlog of $11,244 million at december 31, 2014. although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in revenues to be recognized over time (depending on the level of cancellations), an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond directly to an increase in revenues during a particular period. the extent to which contracts in backlog will result in revenue depends on many factors, including but not limited to delivery against projected schedules, the need for scope changes (change orders), contract cancellations and the nature, duration, size, complexity and phase of the contracts, each of which factors can vary significantly from time to time. our $12,038 million of backlog at december 31, 2015 included approximately $8,188 million of backlog that we do not expect to generate revenue in 2016 as compared to our $11,244 million of backlog at december 31, 2014, which included approximately $7,593 million of backlog that we did not expect to generate revenue in 2015.
the rate at which our backlog converts to revenue may vary over time for a variety of reasons. the revenue recognition on larger, more global projects could be slower than on smaller, less global projects for a variety of reasons, including but not limited to an extended period of negotiation between the time the project is awarded to us and the actual execution of the contract, as well as an increased timeframe for obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals. additionally, the increased complexity of clinical trials and the need to enroll precise patient populations could extend the length of clinical trials causing revenue to be recognized over a longer period of time. further, delayed projects will remain in backlog, unless otherwise canceled by the customer, and will not generate revenue at the rate originally expected. thus, the relationship of backlog to realized revenues may vary over time.
our business depends on the continued effectiveness and availability of our information systems, including the information systems we use to provide our services to our customers, and failures of these systems may materially limit our operations.
due to the global nature of our business and our reliance on information systems to provide our services, we intend to increase our use of web-enabled and other integrated information systems in delivering our services. we also provide access to similar information systems to certain of our customers in connection with the services we provide them. as the breadth and complexity of our information systems continue to grow, we will increasingly be exposed to the risks inherent in the development, integration and ongoing operation of evolving information systems, including:
·   disruption, impairment or failure of data centers, telecommunications facilities or other key infrastructure platforms;

·   security breaches of, cyber attacks on and other failures or malfunctions in our critical application systems or their associated hardware; and

·   excessive costs, excessive delays or other deficiencies in systems development and deployment.

19
the materialization of any of these risks may impede the processing of data, the delivery of databases and services, and the day-to-day management of our business and could result in the corruption, loss or unauthorized disclosure of proprietary, confidential or other data. while we have disaster recovery plans in place, they might not adequately protect us in the event of a system failure. despite any precautions we take, damage from fire, floods, hurricanes, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, break-ins and similar events at our various computer facilities could result in interruptions in the flow of data to our servers and from our servers to our customers. corruption or loss of data may result in the need to repeat a clinical trial at no cost to the customer, but at significant cost to us, the termination of a contract or damage to our reputation. additionally, significant delays in system enhancements or inadequate performance of new or upgraded systems once completed could damage our reputation and harm our business. finally, long-term disruptions in the infrastructure caused by events such as natural disasters, the outbreak of war, the escalation of hostilities and acts of terrorism, particularly involving cities in which we have offices, could adversely affect our businesses. although we carry property and business interruption insurance, our coverage might not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur.
unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential data, whether through systems failure or employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers. similarly, we have been and expect that we will continue to be subject to attempts to gain unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those we develop for our customers, whether by our employees or third parties, including a cyber attack by computer programmers and hackers who may develop and deploy viruses, worms or other malicious software programs. to date these attacks have not had a material impact on our operations or financial results. nonetheless, successful attacks in the future could result in negative publicity, significant remediation costs, legal liability and damage to our reputation and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, our liability insurance might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us against claims related to security breaches, cyber attacks and other related breaches.
we may be adversely affected by customer or therapeutic concentration.
although we did not have any customer that represented 10% or more of our service revenues in 2015, 2014, or 2013, we derive the majority of our revenues from a number of large customers. if any large customer decreases or terminates its relationship with us, our business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected.
additionally, conducting multiple clinical trials for different customers in a single therapeutic class involving drugs with the same or similar chemical action has in the past and may in the future adversely affect our business if some or all of the clinical trials are canceled because of new scientific information or regulatory judgments that affect the drugs as a class or if industry consolidation results in the rationalization of drug development pipelines. similarly, marketing and selling drugs for different biopharmaceutical companies with similar chemical actions subjects us to risk if new scientific information or regulatory judgment prejudices the drugs as a class, which may lead to compelled or voluntary prescription limitations or withdrawal of some or all of such drugs from the market.
our business is subject to international economic, political and other risks that could negatively affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we have significant operations in foreign countries that may require complex arrangements to deliver services on global contracts for our customers. additionally, we have established operations in locations remote from our most developed business centers. as a result, we are subject to heightened risks inherent in conducting business internationally, including the following:
·   conducting a single clinical trial across multiple countries is complex, and issues in one country, such as a failure to comply with local regulations or restrictions, may affect the progress of the clinical trial in the other countries, for example, by limiting the amount of data necessary for a clinical trial to proceed, resulting in delays or potential cancellation of contracts, which in turn may result in loss of revenue;

·   the united states or foreign countries could enact legislation or impose regulations or other restrictions, including unfavorable labor regulations, tax policies or economic sanctions, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business in or expatriate profits from the countries in which we operate;

·   foreign countries are expanding or may expand their regulatory framework with respect to patient informed consent, protection and compensation in clinical trials, which could delay or inhibit our ability to conduct clinical trials in such jurisdictions;

·   the regulatory or judicial authorities of foreign countries may not enforce legal rights and recognize business procedures in a manner in which we are accustomed or would reasonably expect;

·   changes in political and economic conditions may lead to changes in the business environment in which we operate, as well as changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

20
·   potential violations of local laws or anti-bribery laws, such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act, or the fcpa, and the uk bribery act, may cause difficulty in staffing and managing foreign operations, as well as significant consequences to us if those laws are violated;

·   customers in foreign jurisdictions may have longer payment cycles, and it may be more difficult to collect receivables in foreign jurisdictions; and

·   natural disasters, pandemics or international conflict, including terrorist acts, could interrupt our services, endanger our personnel or cause project delays or loss of clinical trial materials or results.

these risks and uncertainties could negatively impact our ability to, among other things, perform large, global projects for our customers. furthermore, our ability to deal with these issues could be affected by applicable united states laws and the need to protect our assets. any such risks could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
due to the global nature of our business, we may be exposed to liabilities under the united states foreign corrupt practices act and various non-united states anti-corruption laws, and any allegation or determination that we violated these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business.
we are required to comply with the fcpa and other united states and non-united states anti-corruption laws, which prohibit companies from engaging in bribery including corruptly or improperly offering, promising, or providing money or anything else of value to non-united states officials and certain other recipients. in addition, the fcpa imposes certain books, records, and accounting control obligations on public companies and other issuers. we operate in parts of the world in which corruption can be common and compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. our global operations face the risk of unauthorized payments or offers being made by employees, consultants, sales agents, and other business partners outside of our control or without our authorization. it is our policy to implement safeguards to prohibit these practices by our employees and business partners with respect to our operations. however, irrespective of these safeguards, or as a result of monitoring compliance with such safeguards, it is possible that we or certain other parties may discover or receive information at some point that certain employees, consultants, sales agents, or other business partners may have engaged in corrupt conduct for which we might be held responsible. violations of the fcpa or other non-united states anti-corruption laws may result in restatements of, or irregularities in, our financial statements as well as severe criminal or civil sanctions, and we may be subject to other liabilities, which could negatively affect our business, operating results and financial condition. in some cases, companies that violate the fcpa may be debarred by the united states government and/or lose their united states export privileges. changes in anti-corruption laws or enforcement priorities could also result in increased compliance requirements and related costs which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, the united states or other governments may seek to hold us liable for successor liability fcpa violations or violations of other anti-corruption laws committed by companies in which we invest or that we acquired or will acquire.
if we are unable to successfully develop and market new services or enter new markets, our growth, results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected.
a key element of our growth strategy is the successful development and marketing of new services or entering new markets that complement or expand our existing business. as we develop new services or enter new markets, including services targeted at participants in the broader healthcare industry, we may not have or adequately build the competencies necessary to perform such services satisfactorily, may not receive market acceptance for such services or may face increased competition. if we are unable to succeed in developing new services, entering new markets or attracting a customer base for our new services or in new markets, we will be unable to implement this element of our growth strategy, and our future business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
upgrading the information systems that support our operating processes and evolving the technology platform for our services pose risks to our business.
continued efficient operation of our business requires that we implement standardized global business processes and evolve our information systems to enable this implementation. we have continued to undertake significant programs to optimize business processes with respect to our services. our inability to effectively manage the implementation and adapt to new processes designed into these new or upgraded systems in a timely and cost-effective manner may result in disruption to our business and negatively affect our operations.
21
we have entered into agreements with certain vendors to provide systems development and integration services that develop or license to us the it platform for programs to optimize our business processes. if such vendors fail to perform as required or if there are substantial delays in developing, implementing and updating the it platform, our customer delivery may be impaired, and we may have to make substantial further investments, internally or with third parties, to achieve our objectives. additionally, our progress may be limited by parties with existing or claimed patents who seek to enjoin us from using preferred technology or seek license payments from us.
meeting our objectives is dependent on a number of factors which may not take place as we anticipate, including obtaining adequate technology-enabled services, creating it-enabled services that our customers will find desirable and implementing our business model with respect to these services. also, increased it-related expenditures may negatively impact our profitability.
if we fail to perform our services in accordance with contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations, we could be subject to significant costs or liability and our reputation could be harmed.
we contract with biopharmaceutical companies to perform a wide range of services to assist them in bringing new drugs to market. our services include monitoring clinical trials, data and laboratory analysis, edc, patient recruitment and other related services. such services are complex and subject to contractual requirements, regulatory standards and ethical considerations. for example, we must adhere to regulatory requirements such as the fda and current gcp, glp and gmp requirements. if we fail to perform our services in accordance with these requirements, regulatory agencies may take action against us for failure to comply with applicable regulations governing clinical trials or sales and marketing practices. such actions may include sanctions, such as injunctions or failure of such regulatory authorities to grant marketing approval of products, delay, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, product seizures or recalls, operational restrictions, civil or criminal penalties or prosecutions, damages or fines. customers may also bring claims against us for breach of our contractual obligations and patients in the clinical trials and patients taking drugs approved on the basis of those clinical trials may bring personal injury claims against us for negligence. any such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and reputation.
such consequences could arise if, among other things, the following occur:
improper performance of our services. the performance of clinical development services is complex and time-consuming. for example, we may make mistakes in conducting a clinical trial that could negatively impact or obviate the usefulness of the clinical trial or cause the results of the clinical trial to be reported improperly. if the clinical trial results are compromised, we could be subject to significant costs or liability, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to perform our services. as examples:
·   non-compliance generally could result in the termination of ongoing clinical trials or sales and marketing projects or the disqualification of data for submission to regulatory authorities;

·   compromise of data from a particular clinical trial, such as failure to verify that informed consent was obtained from patients, could require us to repeat the clinical trial under the terms of our contract at no further cost to our customer, but at a substantial cost to us; and

·   breach of a contractual term could result in liability for damages or termination of the contract.

large clinical trials can cost hundreds of millions of dollars, and while we endeavor to contractually limit our exposure to such risks, improper performance of our services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, damage our reputation and result in the cancellation of current contracts by or failure to obtain future contracts from the affected customer or other customers.
investigation of customers. from time to time, one or more of our customers are audited or investigated by regulatory authorities or enforcement agencies with respect to regulatory compliance of their clinical trials, programs or the marketing and sale of their drugs. in these situations, we have often provided services to our customers with respect to the clinical trials, programs or activities being audited or investigated, and we are called upon to respond to requests for information by the authorities and agencies. there is a risk that either our customers or regulatory authorities could claim that we performed our services improperly or that we are responsible for clinical trial or program compliance. if our customers or regulatory authorities make such claims against us and prove them, we could be subject to damages, fines or penalties. in addition, negative publicity regarding regulatory compliance of our customers' clinical trials, programs or drugs could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
insufficient customer funding to complete a clinical trial. as noted above, clinical trials can cost hundreds of millions of dollars. there is a risk that we may initiate a clinical trial for a customer, and then the customer becomes unwilling or unable to fund the completion of the clinical trial. in such a situation, notwithstanding the customer's ability or willingness to pay for or otherwise facilitate the completion of the clinical trial, we may be ethically bound to complete or wind down the clinical trial at our own expense.
22
our research and development services could subject us to potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our business involves the testing of new drugs on patients in clinical trials and, if marketing approval is granted, the availability of these drugs to be prescribed to patients. our involvement in the clinical trials and development process creates a risk of liability for personal injury to or death of patients, particularly those with life-threatening illnesses, resulting from adverse reactions to the drugs administered during testing or after product launch, respectively. for example, we have from time to time been sued and may be sued in the future by individuals alleging personal injury due to their participation in clinical trials and seeking damages from us under a variety of legal theories. although we maintain the types and amounts of insurance we view as customary in the industries and countries in which we operate, if we are required to pay damages or incur defense costs in connection with any personal injury claim that is outside the scope of indemnification agreements we have with our customers, if any indemnification agreement is not performed in accordance with its terms or if our liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage, our financial condition, results of operations and reputation could be materially and adversely affected. currently, we maintain professional liability insurance, including products liability for completed operations coverage, with annual aggregate limits in excess of $50.0 million. in the future, we may not be able to get adequate insurance for these types of risks at reasonable rates.
we also contract with physicians to serve as investigators in conducting clinical trials. if the investigators commit errors or make omissions during a clinical trial that result in harm to clinical trial patients or after a clinical trial to a patient using the drug after it has received regulatory approval, claims for personal injury or products liability damages may result. additionally, if the investigators engage in fraudulent behavior, clinical trial data may be compromised, which may require us to repeat the clinical trial or subject us to liability. we do not believe we are legally responsible for the medical care rendered by such third-party investigators, and we would vigorously defend any claims brought against us. however, it is possible we could be found liable for claims with respect to the actions of third-party investigators.
some of our services involve direct interaction with clinical trial subjects or volunteers and operation of phase i clinical facilities, which could create potential liability that may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we operate facilities where phase i clinical trials are conducted, which ordinarily involve testing an investigational drug on a limited number of healthy individuals, typically 20 to 80 persons, to determine such drug's basic safety. failure to operate such a facility in accordance with applicable regulations could result in that facility being shut down, which could disrupt our operations. additionally, we face risks associated with adverse events resulting from the administration of such drugs to healthy volunteers and the professional malpractice of medical care providers. occasionally, physicians employed at our phase i clinical facilities act as principal investigators in later-phase clinical trials at those same facilities. we also directly employ nurses and other trained employees who assist in implementing the testing involved in our clinical trials, such as drawing blood from healthy volunteers. any professional malpractice or negligence by such investigators, nurses or other employees could potentially result in liability to us in the event of personal injury to or death of a healthy volunteer in clinical trials. this liability, particularly if it were to exceed the limits of any indemnification agreements and insurance coverage we may have, may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation.
our commercial services could result in liability to us if a drug causes harm to a patient. while we are generally indemnified and insured against such risks, we may still suffer financial losses.
when we market drugs under contract for a biopharmaceutical company, we could suffer liability for harm allegedly caused by those drugs, either as a result of a lawsuit against the biopharmaceutical company to which we are joined, a lawsuit naming us or any of our subsidiaries or an action launched by a regulatory body. while we are generally indemnified by the biopharmaceutical company for the action of the drugs we market on its behalf, and we carry insurance to cover harm caused by our negligence in performing services, it is possible that we could nonetheless incur financial losses, regulatory penalties or both. in particular, any claim could result in potential liability for us if the claim is outside the scope of the indemnification agreement we have with the biopharmaceutical company, the biopharmaceutical company does not abide by the indemnification agreement as required or the liability exceeds the amount of any applicable indemnification limits or available insurance coverage. such a finding could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. furthermore, negative publicity associated with harm caused by drugs we helped to market could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.
23
our insurance may not cover all of our indemnification obligations and other liabilities associated with our operations.
we maintain insurance designed to provide coverage for ordinary risks associated with our operations and our ordinary indemnification obligations with annual aggregate limits in excess of $50.0 million. the coverage provided by such insurance may not be adequate for all claims we may make or may be contested by our insurance carriers. if our insurance is not adequate or available to pay liabilities associated with our operations, or if we are unable to purchase adequate insurance at reasonable rates in the future, our profitability may be adversely impacted.
if we are unable to attract suitable investigators and patients for our clinical trials, our clinical development business might suffer.
the recruitment of investigators and patients for clinical trials is essential to our business. investigators are typically located at hospitals, clinics or other sites and supervise the administration of the investigational drug to patients during the course of a clinical trial. patients generally include people from the communities in which the clinical trials are conducted. our clinical development business could be adversely affected if we are unable to attract suitable and willing investigators or patients for clinical trials on a consistent basis. for example, if we are unable to engage investigators to conduct clinical trials as planned or enroll sufficient patients in clinical trials, we might need to expend additional funds to obtain access to resources or else be compelled to delay or modify the clinical trial plans, which may result in additional costs to us.
if we lose the services of key personnel or are unable to recruit additional qualified personnel, our business could be adversely affected our success substantially depends on the collective performance, contributions and expertise of our personnel including senior management and key personnel, qualified professional, scientific and technical operating staff and qualified sales representatives for our contract sales services. there is significant and increasing competition for qualified personnel, particularly those with higher educational degrees, such as a medical degree, a ph.d. or an equivalent degree, or relevant experience as a clinical research associate in the biopharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical services industries. competition for qualified personnel in certain geographic regions, such as north america and asia, is putting additional pressure on our business. in addition, the departure of our key employees, or our inability to continue to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel or replace any departed personnel in a timely fashion, may impact our ability to grow our business and compete effectively in our industry and may negatively affect our ability to meet financial and operational goals.
exchange rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition.
in 2015, approximately 32% of our service revenues were denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar. because a large portion of our service revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar and our financial statements are reported in united states dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates could significantly affect our results of operations and financial condition. exchange rate fluctuations between local currencies and the united states dollar create risk in several ways, including:
foreign currency translation risk. the revenue and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into united states dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into united states dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results.
foreign currency transaction risk. we are subject to foreign currency transaction risk for fluctuations in exchange rates during the period of time between the consummation and cash settlement of a transaction. we earn revenue from our service contracts over a period of several months and, in some cases, over several years. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations during this period may affect our profitability with respect to such contracts.
we may limit these risks through exchange rate fluctuation provisions stated in our service contracts, or we may hedge our transaction risk with foreign currency exchange contracts or options. we have not, however, hedged 100% of our foreign currency transaction risk, and we may experience fluctuations in financial results from our operations outside the united states and foreign currency transaction risk associated with our service contracts.
24
disruptions in the credit and capital markets and unfavorable general economic conditions could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
disruptions in the credit and capital markets could have negative effects on our business that may be difficult to predict or anticipate, including the ability of our customers, vendors, contractors and financing sources to meet their contractual obligations. although we are unable to quantify the impact it has had on us, we are aware of a limited number of instances during the past several years where cancellations, changes in scope and failure to pay timely were attributable, at least in part, to difficulty in our customers' ability to obtain financing. in the future such actions by our customers could, if they involve a significant amount of business with us, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
our effective income tax rate may fluctuate, which may adversely affect our operations, earnings and earnings per share.
our effective income tax rate is influenced by our projected profitability in the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate. changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our net income and earnings per share. factors that may affect our effective income tax rate include, but are not limited to:
·   the requirement to exclude from our quarterly worldwide effective income tax calculations losses in jurisdictions where no income tax benefit can be recognized;

·   actual and projected full year pre-tax income;

·   the repatriation of foreign earnings to the united states;

·   changes in tax laws in various taxing jurisdictions;

·   audits by taxing authorities; and

·   the establishment of valuation allowances against deferred income tax assets if we determined that it is more likely than not that future income tax benefits will not be realized.

these changes may cause fluctuations in our effective income tax rate that could adversely affect our results of operations and cause fluctuations in our earnings and earnings per share.
we have only a limited ability to protect our intellectual property rights, and these rights are important to our success.
our success depends, in part, upon our ability to develop, use and protect our proprietary methodologies, analytics, systems, technologies and other intellectual property. existing laws of the various countries in which we provide services or solutions offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights, and the protection in some countries may be very limited. we rely upon a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, nondisclosure, invention assignment and other contractual arrangements, and patent, copyright and trademark laws, to protect our intellectual property rights. these laws are subject to change at any time and certain agreements may not be fully enforceable, which could further restrict our ability to protect our innovations. our intellectual property rights may not prevent competitors from independently developing services similar to or duplicative of ours. further, the steps we take in this regard might not be adequate to prevent or deter infringement or other misappropriation of our intellectual property by competitors, former employees or other third parties, and we might not be able to detect unauthorized use of, or take appropriate and timely steps to enforce, our intellectual property rights. enforcing our rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight, and we may not be successful in enforcing our rights.
depending on the circumstances, we might need to grant a specific customer greater rights in intellectual property developed in connection with a contract than we otherwise generally do. in certain situations, we might forego all rights to the use of intellectual property we create, which would limit our ability to reuse that intellectual property for other customers. any limitation on our ability to provide a service or solution could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities and require us to incur additional expenses to develop or license new or modified solutions for future projects.
25
our relationships with existing or potential customers who are in competition with each other may adversely impact the degree to which other customers or potential customers use our services, which may adversely affect our results of operations.
the biopharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, with biopharmaceutical companies each seeking to persuade payers, providers and patients that their drug therapies are better and more cost-effective than competing therapies marketed or being developed by competing firms. in addition to the adverse competitive interests that biopharmaceutical companies have with each other, biopharmaceutical companies also have adverse interests with respect to drug selection and reimbursement with other participants in the healthcare industry, including payers and providers. biopharmaceutical companies also compete to be first to market with new drug therapies. we regularly provide services to biopharmaceutical companies who compete with each other, and we sometimes provide services or funding to such customers regarding competing drugs in development. our existing or future relationships with our biopharmaceutical customers may therefore deter other biopharmaceutical customers from using our services or may result in our customers seeking to place limits on our ability to serve other biopharmaceutical industry participants. in addition, our further expansion into the broader healthcare market may adversely impact our relationships with biopharmaceutical customers, and such customers may elect not to use our services, reduce the scope of services that we provide to them or seek to place restrictions on our ability to serve customers in the broader healthcare market with interests that are adverse to theirs. a loss of customers or reductions in the level of revenues from a customer could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, business and prospects.
if we are unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate existing businesses, services and technologies, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted.
we anticipate that a portion of our future growth may come from acquiring existing businesses, services or technologies. the success of any acquisition will depend upon, among other things, our ability to effectively integrate acquired personnel, operations, products and technologies into our business and to retain the key personnel and customers of our acquired businesses. in addition, we may be unable to identify suitable acquisition opportunities or obtain any necessary financing on commercially acceptable terms. we may also spend time and money investigating and negotiating with potential acquisition targets but not complete the transaction. any future acquisition could involve other risks, including, among others, the assumption of additional liabilities and expenses, difficulties and expenses in connection with integrating the acquired companies and achieving the expected benefits, issuances of potentially dilutive securities or interest-bearing debt, loss of key employees of the acquired companies, transaction costs, diversion of management's attention from other business concerns and, with respect to the acquisition of foreign companies, the inability to overcome differences in foreign business practices, language and customs. our failure to identify potential acquisitions, complete targeted acquisitions and integrate completed acquisitions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
investments in our customers' businesses or drugs and our related commercial rights strategies could have a negative impact on our financial performance.
we may enter into arrangements with our customers or other drug companies in which we take on some of the risk of the potential success or failure of their businesses or drugs, including making strategic investments in our customers or other drug companies, providing financing to customers or other drug companies or acquiring an interest in the revenues from customers' drugs or in entities developing a limited number of drugs. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $51.1 million of such arrangements, and we were also committed to invest an additional $32.7 million in private equity funds that seeks to enter into similar risk-based arrangements. our financial results would be adversely affected if these investments or the underlying drugs result in losses or do not achieve the level of success that we anticipate and/or our return or payment from the drug investment or financing is less than our direct and indirect costs with respect to these arrangements.
our results of operations may be adversely affected if we fail to realize the full value of our goodwill and intangible assets.
as of december 31, 2015, we had goodwill and net intangible assets of $1,087.8 million, which constituted approximately 27.7% of our total assets at the end of this period. we assess the realizability of our indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill annually and conduct an interim evaluation whenever events or changes in circumstances, such as operating losses or a significant decline in earnings associated with the acquired business or asset, indicate that these assets may be impaired. our ability to realize the value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets will depend on the future cash flows of the businesses we have acquired, which in turn depend in part on how well we have integrated these businesses into our own business. if we are not able to realize the value of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, we may be required to incur material charges relating to the impairment of those assets. such impairment charges could materially and adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.
26
we face risks arising from the restructuring of our operations.
from time to time, we have adopted restructuring plans to improve our operating efficiency through various means such as reduction of overcapacity, elimination of non-billable support roles or other realignment of resources. for example, during 2015 and 2014 we recognized $30.8 million and $9.0 million, respectively, of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, related to restructuring plans. restructuring presents significant potential risks of events occurring that could adversely affect us, including;
·   actual or perceived disruption of service or reduction in service standards to customers;

·   the failure to preserve supplier relationships and distribution, sales and other important relationships and to resolve conflicts that may arise;

·   loss of sales as we reduce or eliminate staffing on non-core services;

·   diversion of management attention from ongoing business activities; and

·   the failure to maintain employee morale and retain key employees.

because of these and other factors, we cannot predict whether we will realize the purpose and anticipated benefits of these measures and, if we do not, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
additionally, there may be delays in implementing the restructuring activities or a failure to achieve the anticipated levels of cost savings and efficiency as a result of the restructuring activities, each of which could materially and adversely impact our business and results of operations. further restructuring or reorganization activities may also be required in the future beyond what is currently planned, which could further enhance the risks associated with these activities.
we depend on third parties for critical support services.
we depend on third parties for support services vital to our business. such support services include, but are not limited to, third-party transportation providers, suppliers of drugs for patients participating in clinical trials, suppliers of kits for use in our clinical trial laboratories business, suppliers of reagents for use in our testing equipment and providers of maintenance contracts for our equipment. the failure of any of these third parties to adequately provide the critical support services could have a material adverse effect on our business.
risks relating to our industry the biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive.
the biopharmaceutical services industry is highly competitive. we often compete for business with other biopharmaceutical services companies, internal discovery departments, development departments, and sales and marketing departments within our customers, some of which could be considered large biopharmaceutical services companies in their own right with greater resources than ours. we also compete with universities and teaching hospitals. if we do not compete successfully, our business will suffer. the industry is highly fragmented, with numerous smaller specialized companies and a handful of full-service companies with global capabilities similar to ours. increased competition has led to price and other forms of competition, such as acceptance of less favorable contract terms, that could adversely affect our operating results. there are few barriers to entry for smaller specialized companies considering entering the industry. because of their size and focus, these companies might compete effectively against larger companies such as us, which could have a material adverse impact on our business.
outsourcing trends in the biopharmaceutical industry and changes in aggregate spending and research and development budgets could adversely affect our operating results and growth rate.
economic factors and industry trends that affect biopharmaceutical companies affect our business. biopharmaceutical companies continue to seek long-term strategic collaborations with global cros with favorable pricing terms. competition for these collaborations is intense and we may decide to forego an opportunity or we may not be selected, in which case a competitor may enter into the collaboration and our business with the customer, if any, may be limited. in addition, if the biopharmaceutical industry reduces its outsourcing of clinical trials and sales and marketing projects or such outsourcing fails to grow at projected rates, our operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. we may also be negatively impacted by consolidation and other factors in the biopharmaceutical industry, which may slow decision making by our customers or result in the delay or cancellation of clinical trials. our commercial services may be affected by reductions in new drug launches and increases in the number of drugs losing patent protection. all of these events could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.
27
we may be affected by healthcare reform and potential additional reforms.
the united states congress continues to consider healthcare reform legislation and impose health industry cost containment measures, which may significantly impact the biopharmaceutical industry. in addition, numerous government bodies are considering or have adopted various healthcare reforms and may undertake, or are in the process of undertaking, efforts to control growing healthcare costs through legislation, regulation and voluntary agreements with medical care providers and biopharmaceutical companies. we are uncertain as to the effects of these recent reforms on our business and are unable to predict what legislative proposals, if any, will be adopted in the future. if regulatory cost containment efforts limit the profitability of new drugs, our customers may reduce their research and development spending or promotional, marketing and sales expenditures, which could reduce the business they outsource to us. similarly, if regulatory requirements are relaxed or simplified drug approval procedures are adopted, the demand for our services could decrease.
foreign and domestic government bodies may also adopt healthcare legislation or regulations that are more burdensome than existing regulations. for example, product safety concerns and recommendations by the drug safety oversight board could change the regulatory environment for drug products, and new or heightened regulatory and licensing requirements may increase our expenses or limit or delay our ability to offer some of our services. additionally, new or heightened regulatory requirements may have a negative impact on the ability of our customers to conduct industry-sponsored clinical trials, which could reduce the need for our services.
actions by government regulators or customers to limit a prescription's scope or withdraw an approved drug from the market could adversely affect our business and result in a loss of revenues.
government regulators have the authority, after approving a drug, to limit its scope of prescription or withdraw it from the market completely based on safety concerns. similarly, customers may act to voluntarily limit the scope of prescription of drugs or withdraw them from the market. in the past, we have provided services with respect to drugs that have been limited and/or withdrawn. if we are providing services to customers for drugs that are limited or withdrawn, we may be required to narrow the scope of or terminate our services with respect to such drugs, which would prevent us from earning the full amount of service revenues anticipated under the related service contracts with negative impacts to our financial results.
current and proposed laws and regulations regarding the protection of personal data could result in increased risks of liability or increased cost to us or could limit our service offerings.
the confidentiality, collection, use and disclosure of personal data, including clinical trial patient-specific information, are subject to governmental regulation generally in the country that the personal data were collected or used. for example, united states federal regulations under the health insurance portability and accountability act of 1996, or hipaa, and as amended in 2014 by the health information technology for economic and clinical health ("hitech") act, require individuals' written authorization, in addition to any required informed consent, before protected health information may be used for research. such regulations specify standards for deidentifications and for limited data sets. we are both directly and indirectly affected by the privacy provisions surrounding individual authorizations because many investigators with whom we are involved in clinical trials are directly subject to them as a hipaa "covered entity" and because we obtain identifiable health information from third parties that are subject to such regulations. as there are some instances where we are a hipaa "business associate" of a "covered entity," we can also be directly liable for mishandling protected health information. under hipaa's enforcement scheme, we can be subject to up to $1.5 million in annual civil penalties for each hipaa violation.
28
in the eu personal data includes any information that relates to an identified or identifiable natural person with health information carrying additional obligations, including obtaining the explicit consent from the individual for collection, use or disclosure of the information. in addition, we are subject to eu rules with respect to cross-border transfers of such data out of the eu. the united states, the eu and its member states, and other countries where we have operations, such as japan, south korea, malaysia, the philippines, russia and singapore, continue to issue new privacy and data protection rules and regulations that relate to personal data and health information. failure to comply with certain certification/registration and annual re-certification/registration provisions associated with these data protection and privacy regulations and rules in various jurisdictions, or to resolve any serious privacy complaints, could subject us to regulatory sanctions, criminal prosecution or civil liability. federal, state and foreign governments are contemplating or have proposed or adopted additional legislation governing the collection, possession, use or dissemination of personal data, such as personal health information, and personal financial data as well as security breach notification rules for loss or theft of such data. additional legislation or regulation of this type might, among other things, require us to implement new security measures and processes or bring within the legislation or regulation de-identified health or other personal data, each of which may require substantial expenditures or limit our ability to offer some of our services. additionally, if we violate applicable laws, regulations or duties relating to the use, privacy or security of personal data, we could be subject to civil liability or criminal prosecution, be forced to alter our business practices and suffer reputational harm. in the next few years, the european data protection framework may be revised as a generally applicable data regulation. the text has not yet been finalized, but it contains new provisions specifically directed at the processing of health information, sanctions of up to 4% of worldwide gross revenue and extra-territoriality measures intended to bring non-eu companies under the proposed regulation.
if we do not keep pace with rapid technological changes, our services may become less competitive or obsolete.
the biopharmaceutical industry generally, and drug development and clinical research more specifically, are subject to rapid technological changes. our current competitors or other businesses might develop technologies or services that are more effective or commercially attractive than, or render obsolete, our current or future technologies and services. if our competitors introduce superior technologies or services and if we cannot make enhancements to remain competitive, our competitive position would be harmed. if we are unable to compete successfully, we may lose customers or be unable to attract new customers, which could lead to a decrease in our revenue and financial condition.
the biopharmaceutical industry has a history of patent and other intellectual property litigation, and we might be involved in costly intellectual property lawsuits.
the biopharmaceutical industry has a history of intellectual property litigation, and these lawsuits will likely continue in the future. accordingly, we may face patent infringement suits by companies that have patents for similar business processes or other suits alleging infringement of their intellectual property rights. legal proceedings relating to intellectual property could be expensive, take significant time and divert management's attention from other business concerns, regardless of the outcome of the litigation. if we do not prevail in an infringement lawsuit brought against us, we might have to pay substantial damages, and we could be required to stop the infringing activity or obtain a license to use technology on unfavorable terms.
our customers face intense competition from lower cost generic products, which may lower the amount that they spend on our services.
our customers face increasing competition from lower cost generic products, which in turn may affect their ability to pursue research and development activities with us. in the united states, eu and japan, political pressure to reduce spending on prescription drugs has led to legislation and other measures which encourages the use of generic products. in addition, proposals emerge from time to time in the united states and other countries for legislation to further encourage the early and rapid approval of generic drugs. loss of patent protection for a product typically is followed promptly by generic substitutes, reducing our customers' sales of that product and their overall profitability. availability of generic substitutes for our customers' drugs may adversely affect their results of operations and cash flow, which in turn may mean that they would not have surplus capital to invest in research and development and drug commercialization, including in our services. if competition from generic products impacts our customers' finances such that they decide to curtail our services, our revenues may decline and this could have a material adverse effect on our business.
29
risks relating to our indebtedness our substantial debt could adversely affect our financial condition.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $2.5 billion of total indebtedness, excluding $534.0 million of additional available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition and thus make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness. if our cash flow is not sufficient to service our debt and adequately fund our business, we may be required to seek further additional financing or refinancing or dispose of assets. we may not be able to implement any of these alternatives on satisfactory terms or at all. our substantial indebtedness could also:
·   increase our vulnerability to adverse general economic and industry conditions;

·   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows to fund working capital, investments, acquisitions, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes;

·   limit our ability to make required payments under our existing contractual commitments, including our existing long-term indebtedness;

·   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;

·   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt;

·   cause us to incur substantial fees from time to time in connection with debt amendments or refinancings;

·   increase our exposure to rising interest rates because a portion of our borrowings is at variable interest rates; and

·   limit our ability to borrow additional funds or to borrow on terms that are satisfactory to us.

despite our level of indebtedness, we are able to incur more debt and undertake additional obligations. incurring such debt or undertaking such additional obligations could further exacerbate the risks to our financial condition.
although our credit agreement, which governs the senior credit facilities of our wholly owned subsidiary through which we conduct our operations, quintiles transnational corp., or quintiles transnational, contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could increase. in addition, the receivables financing agreement for our special purpose subsidiary, quintiles funding, llc, or quintiles funding, limits borrowing based on the amount of receivables purchased by quintiles funding from certain of our other subsidiaries, but when supported by the value of such purchased receivables, the debt under our receivables financing facility can increase. as of december 31, 2015, we had $534.0 million of additional available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities.
while the credit agreement also contains restrictions on our and our restricted subsidiaries' ability to make loans and investments, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and the investments incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial.
if we do not comply with the covenants governing our credit facilities and senior notes, we may not have the funds necessary to pay all of our indebtedness that could become due.
the credit agreement governing our senior secured credit facilities requires us to comply with certain covenants. in particular, our credit agreement prohibits us from incurring any additional indebtedness, except in specified circumstances, or amending the terms of agreements relating to certain existing junior indebtedness, if any, in a manner materially adverse to the lenders under our credit agreement, without lender approval. further, our credit agreement contains customary covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to acquire and dispose of assets, engage in mergers or reorganizations, pay dividends or make investments. our credit agreement contains one financial covenant, which is a total leverage ratio that provides for a maximum ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated ebitda, as defined in the credit agreement, for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, measured as of the end of such period, of 5.75 to 1.00. see liquidity and capital resources included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for more information on our covenants governing our credit facilities. in addition, our credit agreement requires us to make mandatory principal prepayments in certain circumstances, including with a portion of our excess cash flow if quintiles transnational's total leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement) exceeds certain levels. a violation of any of these covenants could cause an event of default under our credit agreement.
30
the receivables financing agreement for our receivables financing facility requires certain of our subsidiaries to transfer receivables with adequate value to the lender under that facility to support repayment of amounts outstanding. in the event such transferred receivables are insufficient to support such outstanding amounts, we will be required to make prepayments under the receivables financing agreement. failure to make such prepayments or violations of the covenants in the receivables financing agreement could cause an event of default under the receivables financing agreement.
the indenture governing the senior notes of quintiles transnational requires us to comply with certain covenants, including covenants that limit our ability to create liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions. in addition, upon the occurrence of a change in control of quintiles transnational, each holder of senior notes may require quintiles transnational to repurchase all or a portion of the senior notes in cash at a price equal to 101% of the aggregate principal amount of the senior notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. a violation of any of these covenants could cause an event of default under our indenture.
if we default on our senior secured credit agreement, our receivables financing agreement or our senior notes as a result of our failure to pay principal or interest when due, our material breach of any representation, warranty or covenant, or any other reason, all outstanding amounts could become immediately due and payable under any or all of such agreements. in such case, we may not have sufficient funds to repay all the outstanding amounts. in addition, or in the alternative, the lenders under our senior secured credit agreement could exercise their rights under the security documents entered into in connection with the senior secured credit agreement. any acceleration of amounts due under the credit agreement governing our outstanding indebtedness or the substantial exercise by the lenders under our senior secured credit agreement of their rights under the security documents would likely have a material adverse effect on us.
interest rate fluctuations may affect our results of operations and financial condition.
because we have variable rate debt, fluctuations in interest rates affect our business. we attempt to minimize interest rate risk and lower our overall borrowing costs through the utilization of derivative financial instruments, primarily interest rate swaps. we have entered into interest rate swaps with financial institutions that have reset dates and critical terms that match those of our senior secured term loan credit facility. accordingly, any change in market value associated with the interest rate swaps is offset by the opposite market impact on the related debt. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $1.7 billion of variable rate indebtedness. in june 2015, we entered into seven forward starting interest rate swaps with a notional value of $440.0 million which will be effective june 30, 2016 at which time we will have approximately $1.2 billion of variable rate indebtedness. the interest rate swaps expire between march 31, 2017 and march 31, 2020. because we do not attempt to hedge all of our variable rate debt, we may incur higher interest costs for the portion of our variable rate debt which is not hedged. once the interest rate swaps are effective, each quarter-point increase or decrease in the variable interest rate would result in our interest expense changing by approximately $3.1 million per year under our unhedged variable rate debt.
risks relating to ownership of our common stock provisions of our corporate governance documents could make an acquisition of our company more difficult and may prevent attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove our current management, even if beneficial to our shareholders.
provisions of our amended and restated articles of incorporation and our amended and restated bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control of our company that shareholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. these provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock, thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. in addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our shareholders to replace or remove members of our board. because our board is responsible for appointing the members of our management team, these provisions could in turn frustrate or prevent any attempt to replace or remove current members of our management team. among others, these provisions include (i) our ability to issue preferred stock without shareholder approval, (ii) the requirement that our shareholders may not act without a meeting, (iii) requirements for advance notification of shareholder nominations and proposals contained in our bylaws, (iv) the absence of cumulative voting for our directors, (v) requirements for shareholder approval of certain business combinations and (vi) the limitations on director nominations.
31
our operating results and share price may be volatile, which could cause the value of our shareholders' investments to decline.
our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate in the future, and such fluctuations may be significant. in addition, securities markets worldwide have experienced, and are likely to continue to experience, significant price and volume fluctuations. this market volatility, as well as general economic, market or political conditions, could subject the market price of our shares to wide price fluctuations regardless of our operating performance. our operating results and the trading price of our shares may fluctuate in response to various factors, including:
·   market conditions in the broader stock market;

·   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly and annual financial and operating results;

·   introduction of new products or services by us or our competitors;

·   issuance of new or changed securities analysts' reports or recommendations;

·   sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock;

·   additions or departures of key personnel;

·   regulatory or political developments;

·   litigation and governmental investigations;

·   changing economic conditions; and

·   exchange rate fluctuations.

these and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause our operating results and the market price for our shares to fluctuate substantially. while we believe that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares and may otherwise negatively affect the market price and liquidity of our shares. in addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. if any of our shareholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation.
there may be sales of a substantial amount of our common stock by our current shareholders, and these sales could cause the price of our common stock to fall.
as of february 4, 2016, there were 119,384,993 shares of common stock outstanding. approximately 30.2% of our outstanding common stock is held by parties to the shareholders agreement.
sales of substantial amounts of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales will occur, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and make it difficult for us to raise funds through securities offerings in the future.
shareholders that are a party to an amended and restated registration rights agreement, or the registration rights agreement, may require us to register their shares for resale under the federal securities laws. under the registration rights agreement, we are required to pay the registration expenses associated with the registration of such shares, not including the underwriting discounts, commissions and transfer taxes. registration of those shares would allow those shareholders to immediately resell their shares in the public market. any such sales or the anticipation of such sales may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
since we have no current plans to pay regular cash dividends on our common stock, shareholders may not receive any return on investment unless they sell their common stock for a price greater than that which they paid for it.
although we have previously declared dividends to our shareholders, we do not currently anticipate paying any regular cash dividends on our common stock. any decision to declare and pay dividends in the future will be made at the discretion of our board and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that our board may deem relevant. in addition, our ability to pay dividends is, and may be, limited by covenants of existing and any future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur, including under our existing credit facilities. therefore, any return on investment in our common stock is solely dependent upon the appreciation of the price of our common stock on the open market, which may not occur. see part ii, item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities-policy" for more detail.
32
the parties to the shareholders agreement have significant influence over us, including decisions that require the approval of our shareholders, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to shareholders for a vote.
the parties to the shareholders agreement own approximately 30.2% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. among other things, the shareholders agreement requires such shareholders to vote in favor of certain nominees to our board. as a result, this group potentially has the ability to influence our decisions to enter into any corporate transaction (and the terms thereof), any change in the composition of our board and any transaction that requires shareholder approval regardless of whether others believe that such change or transaction is in our best interests. additionally, the parties to the shareholders agreement are in the business of making investments in companies and may from time to time acquire and hold interests in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. one or more of the parties to the shareholders agreement may also pursue acquisition opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us. so long as the parties to the shareholders agreement continue to own a significant amount of our equity, if they exercise their shareholder rights collectively, they will be able to significantly influence our decisions.
our amended and restated articles of incorporation contain a provision renouncing any interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities identified by certain of our affiliates, even if such corporate opportunities are ones that we might reasonably be deemed to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue.
our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide for the allocation of certain corporate opportunities between us, on the one hand, and certain of our shareholders, on the other hand. as set forth in our amended and restated articles of incorporation, neither such shareholders, nor any director, officer, shareholder, member, manager, or employee of such shareholders, have any fiduciary duty or any other duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities or similar business activities or lines of business in which we operate. to the full extent permitted by applicable law, we have renounced any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, business opportunities that are from time to time presented to certain of our shareholders, even if the opportunity is one that we might reasonably deem to have pursued or had the ability or desire to pursue, if granted, the opportunity to do so, and each such shareholders shall have no duty to communicate or offer such business opportunity to us and, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, shall not be liable to us or, to the extent applicable, any of its or their shareholders, for breach of any fiduciary or other duty, as a director or officer or otherwise, by reason of the fact that such shareholders pursues or acquires such business opportunity, directs such business opportunity to another person or fails to present such business opportunity, or information regarding such business opportunity, to us. therefore, a director or officer of our company who also serves as a director, officer, member, manager, or employee of such shareholders may pursue certain business opportunities, including acquisitions, that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, such opportunities may not be available to us. these potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by such shareholders to themselves or their other affiliates instead of to us.
33
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations you should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k. some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this annual report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. you should read the "risk factors" section of this annual report for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis.
overview our business is currently organized in two reportable segments, product development and integrated healthcare services.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, our service revenues increased $160.6 million, or 3.9%, to $4.3 billion at actual foreign exchange rates compared to 2014. our growth in service revenues excluding the impact of foreign currency fluctuations ("constant currency") was $372.9 million, or 9.0%, with $223.5 million, or 7.2%, growth in the product development segment and $149.4 million, or 14.0%, growth in the integrated healthcare services segment.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, our income from operations was $646.6 million, an increase of $56.2 million (which included a positive impact of approximately $30.6 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations).
our net income attributable to quintiles transnational holdings inc. was $387.2 million with diluted earnings per share of $3.08 for the year ended december 31, 2015.
net new business was $5,319 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. this net new business contributed to an ending backlog of $12,038 million at december 31, 2015. "net new business" and "backlog" are defined under "net new business reporting and backlog" in part i, item 1, "business" of this annual report on form 10-k.
product development product development provides services and expertise that allow biopharmaceutical companies to outsource the clinical development process from first-in-man clinical trials to post-launch monitoring. our comprehensive service offerings provide the support and functional expertise necessary at each stage of development, as well as the systems and analytical capabilities to help our customers improve product development efficiency and effectiveness. product development is comprised of clinical solutions and services and advisory services (formerly consulting services). clinical solutions and services provides services necessary to develop biopharmaceutical products. these services include project management and clinical monitoring functions for conducting multi-site clinical trials (generally phase ii-iv) (collectively "core clinical"). these also include clinical trial support services that improve clinical trial decision-making, such as global clinical trial laboratories, data management, biostatistical, safety and pharmacovigilance, early clinical development trials (generally phase i), and strategic planning and design services, which help improve decisions and performance. we also provide functional resourcing services that cover a range of areas. advisory services provides strategy and management advisory services based on life science expertise and advanced analytics, as well as regulatory and compliance advisory services.
integrated healthcare services integrated healthcare services provides a broad array of services including commercial services, such as providing contract pharmaceutical sales forces in key geographic markets, as well as a growing number of healthcare business services for the broader healthcare sector. our customized commercialization services are designed to accelerate the commercial success of biopharmaceutical and other health-related products. service offerings include commercial services (sales representatives, strategy, marketing communications and other areas related to market access and commercialization), real-world and late phase research (drug therapy analysis, real-world research and evidence-based medicine, including research studies to prove a drug's value), other healthcare services (comparative and cost-effectiveness research capabilities, decision support services, communication services and health engagement, medication adherence and health outcome optimization services, and web-based systems for measuring quality improvement), and ehr implementation and advisory services.
40
industry outlook the potential of the cro market served by product development is primarily a function of two variables: biopharmaceutical research and development spending and the proportion of this spending that is outsourced (outsourcing penetration). we expect outsourced clinical development to cros to increase 6%-8% annually from 2015 to 2018, and believe this annual growth will be driven largely by increased outsourcing penetration, with up to 2% of this growth coming from increased research and development expenditures over 2015 to 2018. in estimating these growth rates, we monitor the ability of biopharmaceutical companies, including biotechnology companies, to raise capital, as well as the potential impact from merger and acquisition activity between biopharmaceutical companies. we estimate that overall outsourcing penetration of the addressable market in 2015 was 41%, and  believe that our customers will continue to outsource a greater part of their activities to transform their value chain away from a vertically integrated model and focus on their core competencies to lower risk and improve return, with a focus on selecting outsourcing partners that are able to demonstrate the ability to provide flexible and efficient delivery models that leverage patient data to help biopharmaceutical companies deliver more effective patient outcomes. we believe that increased demand will create new opportunities for biopharmaceutical services companies, particularly those with a global reach.
integrated healthcare services historically has focused on biopharmaceutical companies seeking to commercialize their products. the total market served by integrated healthcare services is diverse, which makes it difficult to estimate the current amount of outsourced integrated healthcare services and the expected growth in such services. however, based on our knowledge of these markets we believe that, while the rate of outsourcing penetration varies by market within integrated healthcare services, the overall outsourcing penetration of the estimated $101 billion market is approximately 23%. we believe that the market for real-world and late phase research and other healthcare services will evolve and expand, and as a result, there will be opportunities to grow our revenues and expand our service offerings. as business models continue to evolve in the healthcare sector, we believe, based on industry data, analysis, and our own estimates, that the growth rate for outsourcing across the integrated healthcare services markets should increase 6%-8% annually from 2015 to 2018.
business combinations we completed a number of business combinations in 2013, 2014 and 2015 to enhance our capabilities and offerings in certain areas. in september 2013, we acquired novella clinical inc., or novella, for approximately $146.6 million (net of approximately $26.2 million of acquired cash) (with contingent consideration of up to $21.0 million) to complement our product development segment service offerings through its focus on emerging companies and by adding expertise in oncology and medical devices. in july 2014, we completed the acquisition of encore for approximately $91.5 million in cash (net of approximately $2.2 million of acquired cash) to enhance our ehr expertise within our integrated healthcare services segment. in july 2015, we combined our global clinical trials laboratory operations in our product development segment with the clinical trials laboratory operations of quest with the resulting combined business referred to as q2 solutions. we own 60% of q2 solutions and quest owns the remaining 40%. see note 14 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional information with respect to these business combinations. the results of operations of acquired businesses have been included since the date of acquisition and were not significant to our consolidated results of operations.
sources of revenue total revenues are comprised of service revenues and revenues from reimbursed expenses. service revenues primarily include the revenue we earn from providing product development and commercialization services to our customers, with product development services representing 73.8% of our 2015 service revenues and integrated healthcare services representing 26.2% of our 2015 service revenues. reimbursed expenses are comprised principally of payments to physicians (investigators) who oversee clinical trials and travel expenses for our clinical monitors and sales representatives. reimbursed expenses may fluctuate from period-to-period due, in part, to where we are in the lifecycle of the many contracts that are in progress at a particular point in time. for instance, these pass-through costs tend to be higher during the early phases of clinical trials as a result of patient recruitment efforts. as reimbursed expenses are pass-through costs to our customers with little to no profit and we believe that the fluctuations from period-to-period are not meaningful to our underlying performance, we do not provide analysis of the fluctuations in these items or their impact on our financial results.
costs and expenses our costs and expenses are comprised primarily of our costs of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses.
41
our costs of revenues consist of service costs and reimbursed expenses. service costs include compensation and benefits for billable employees, depreciation of assets used in generating revenue and other expenses directly related to service contracts such as courier fees, laboratory supplies, professional services and travel expenses. as noted above, reimbursed expenses are comprised principally of payments to physicians (investigators) who oversee clinical trials and travel expenses for our clinical monitors and sales representatives.
selling, general and administrative expenses include costs related to administrative functions including compensation and benefits, travel, professional services, training and expenses for advertising, it, facilities and depreciation and amortization.
foreign currency translation in 2015, approximately 32% of our service revenues were denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar. because a large portion of our service revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar and our financial statements are reported in united states dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates can significantly affect our results of operations. the revenue and expenses of our foreign operations are generally denominated in local currencies and translated into united states dollars for financial reporting purposes. accordingly, exchange rate fluctuations will affect the translation of foreign results into united states dollars for purposes of reporting our consolidated results. in 2015, foreign exchange rates in certain currencies in which we do business have fluctuated significantly as compared to the prior year, particularly the euro, the japanese yen and the british pound.
as a result, we believe that providing the impact of fluctuations in foreign currency rates on certain financial results can facilitate analysis of period-to-period comparisons of business performance. the impact from foreign currency fluctuations and constant currency information assumes constant foreign currency exchange rates based on the rates in effect for the comparable prior-year period were used in translation.
consolidated results of operations for additional information regarding results of operations for product development and integrated healthcare services, refer to "segment results of operations" later in this section.
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 and the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
backlog and net new business
2015 compared to 2014
backlog at december 31, 2015 was $12,038 million, which was 7% higher than 2014, including the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions.
net new business decreased 5.1% (including a negative impact from foreign currency) in 2015 to $5,319 million from $5,602 million in 2014, driven by decreases in both product development and integrated healthcare services. product development's net new business decreased 5.8% in 2015 to $4,121 million from $4,374 million in 2014. product development had growth in net new business in 2015 from core clinical services and global clinical trial laboratory services including the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions. these increases were more than offset by lower net new business for functional resourcing services primarily because 2014 included renewals for two five-year contracts. integrated healthcare services' net new business decreased 2.5% in 2015 to $1,198 million from $1,228 million in 2014, related primarily to cancellations in north america as well as lower signings for commercial services in europe, partially offset by net new business growth from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014 and from real-world and late phase research services.
2014 compared to 2013
backlog at december 31, 2014 was $11,244 million, which was 14% higher than 2013.
42
net new business grew 14% in 2014 to $5,602 million from $4,899 million in 2013, driven by growth in both product development and integrated healthcare services. product development's net new business increased 16% in 2014 to $4,374 million from $3,772 million in 2013, led by higher growth in net new business for functional resourcing services, which included renewals of two five-year contracts, growth in net new business for core clinical services in asia, as well as net new business generated from the novella acquisition and clinical trial support services, including early clinical development and lifecycle safety. integrated healthcare services' net new business increased 9% in 2014 to $1,228 million from $1,127 million in 2013, related primarily to growth in commercial services in north america, an increase in new business from real-world and late phase research services, and net new business from the encore acquisition.
our backlog at december 31, 2015 was $12,038 million compared to backlog of $11,244 million at december 31, 2014. although an increase in backlog will generally result in an increase in revenues to be recognized over time (depending on the level of contract modifications), an increase in backlog at a particular point in time does not necessarily correspond directly to an increase in revenues during a particular period. the extent to which contracts in backlog will result in revenue depends on many factors, including but not limited to delivery against projected schedules, the need for scope changes (change orders), contract cancellations and the nature, duration, size, complexity and phase of the contracts, each of which factors can vary significantly from time to time. revenue recognition occurs over extended periods of time and is subject to unanticipated delays. fluctuations in our reported backlog and net new business levels may result from a small number of relatively large orders in any given reporting period that may be included in our backlog and net new business. because of these large orders, our backlog and net new business in that reporting period may reach levels that may not be sustained in subsequent reporting periods. our $12,038 million of backlog at december 31, 2015 included approximately $8,188 million of backlog that we do not expect to generate revenue in 2016 as compared to our $11,244 million of backlog at december 31, 2014, which included approximately $7,593 million of backlog that we did not expect to generate revenue in 2015. our ability to grow revenues in the near term at rates comparable to our recent historical results will depend on many factors, including but not limited to the factors affecting the rate at which revenues are derived from backlog, continued growth in net new business that will generate revenue and factors not within our control such as economic conditions and trends in the industry in which we do business.
service revenues year ended december 31,
2015                   2014                    2013
(dollars in millions)
service revenues                  $4,326.4                $4,165.8             $3,808.3
% change from prior year               3.9    %                9.4    %
2015 compared to 2014
in 2015, our service revenues increased $160.6 million, or 3.9%, as compared to 2014. this increase was comprised of constant currency service revenue growth of approximately $372.9 million, or 9.0%, and a negative impact of approximately $212.3 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service revenue growth was comprised of a $223.5 million increase in product development, which includes the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, and a $149.4 million increase in integrated healthcare services, which includes the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014.
2014 compared to 2013
in 2014, our service revenues increased $357.5 million, or 9.4%, as compared to 2013. this increase is comprised of constant currency revenue growth of approximately $383.2 million, or 10.1%, offset by a negative impact of approximately $25.7 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service revenue growth, which includes the impact from the novella and encore acquisitions, is comprised of a $183.2 million increase in product development and a $200.0 million increase in integrated healthcare services.
costs of revenue, service costs year ended december 31,

2015                   2014                    2013
(dollars in millions)
costs of revenue, service costs          $2,725.6                $2,684.1                $2,471.4
% of service revenues                        63.0    %               64.4    %               64.9   %
43
2015 compared to 2014
when compared to 2014, service costs in 2015 increased $41.5 million. this increase included a constant currency increase in expenses of approximately $239.5 million, or 8.9%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $198.0 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $140.0 million increase in product development, which included the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, and a $99.5 million increase in integrated healthcare services, which included the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014.
the decrease in service costs as a percent of service revenues for 2015 was primarily as a result of an improvement in constant currency profit margin in both the product development and integrated healthcare services segments (as more fully described in the segment discussion later in this section). for 2015, this constant currency profit margin expansion was partially offset by the effect from a higher proportion of consolidated service revenues being contributed by our lower margin integrated healthcare services segment when compared to 2014 as well as a negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations.
2014 compared to 2013
when compared to 2013, service costs in 2014 increased $212.7 million. the increase included a constant currency increase in expenses of approximately $253.5 million, or 10.3%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $40.8 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $94.0 million increase in product development, and a $159.5 million increase in integrated healthcare services, which included the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014.
selling, general and administrative year ended december 31,

2015                 2014                  2013
(dollars in millions)
selling, general and administrative          $921.0                $882.3                $860.5
% of service revenues                          21.3    %             21.2    %             22.6   %
2015 compared to 2014
the $38.7 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2015 included a constant currency increase of $80.8 million, or 9.2%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $42.1 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $47.2 million increase in product development, which included the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, a $20.7 million increase in integrated healthcare services, which included the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014, and a $12.9 million increase in general corporate and unallocated expenses. the constant currency increase in 2015 for general corporate and unallocated expenses was primarily due to an increase in share-based compensation and costs associated with the q2 solutions transaction.
2014 compared to 2013
the $21.8 million increase in selling, general and administrative expenses in 2014 included a constant currency increase of $29.3 million, or 3.4%, partially offset by a positive impact of approximately $7.5 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency growth was comprised of a $33.6 million increase in product development, which includes the impact from the novella acquisition which closed in september 2013, and a $13.0 million increase in integrated healthcare services, which includes the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014. the constant currency growth was partially offset by a $17.3 million decrease in general corporate and unallocated expenses. the constant currency decrease in 2014 for general corporate and unallocated expenses was primarily due to expenses incurred in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 including a $25.0 million fee paid in connection with the termination of our management agreement with affiliates of certain of our shareholders, approximately $5.3 million of executive separation costs, and a $1.5 million fee paid in connection with the modification of an agreement for the business usage of an airplane owned by gf management company, llc, or gfm, a company controlled by our former executive chairman who retired effective december 31, 2015 but remains one of our directors. these decreases in general corporate and unallocated expenses were partially offset by an increase in share-based compensation and increases in compensation and related expenses resulting primarily from annual merit increases and an increase in headcount.
44
restructuring costs year ended december 31,

2015               2014                2013
(in millions)
restructuring costs       $30.8               $9.0                $14.1
during 2015, we recognized $30.8 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, associated with both the february 2015 restructuring plan and the q2 solutions restructuring plan. the remaining actions under these plans are expected to occur throughout 2016 and 2017, and are expected to consist of severance, facility closure and other exit-related costs. we believe that these plans will result in annualized cost savings of approximately $50.0 million to $60.0 million.
during 2014, we recognized $9.0 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, which was primarily related to our 2014 restructuring plans to better align our resources with our strategic direction.
during 2013, we recognized $14.1 million of restructuring charges, net of reversals for changes in estimates, which was primarily related to our february 2013 restructuring plan to migrate the delivery of services and to reduce anticipated overcapacity in selected areas.
impairment charges year ended december 31,

2015               2014                2013
(in millions)
impairment charges       $2.5                $-                  $-
during the fourth quarter of 2015, we exited a training facility in japan that is being actively marketed for sale, resulting in a $2.5 million impairment of the land and building.
interest income and interest expense year ended december 31,

2015                 2014                  2013
(in millions)
interest income        $(4.3       )         $(3.4       )         $(3.9       )
interest expense       $101.8                $100.6                $123.5
interest income included interest received primarily from bank balances and investments.
interest expense during 2015 was slightly higher than 2014 due to an increase in the average debt outstanding, primarily as a result of the $275.0 million term loan that was issued under the receivables financing facility in december 2014 and our new senior secured credit agreement and senior notes, both of which are described in liquidity and capital resources. this increase was partially offset by a decrease in the average rate of interest incurred on our debt as compared to 2014.
interest expense during 2014 was lower than 2013 in part due to a decrease in the average rate of interest. the average rate of interest on the term loan under our senior secured credit facility during 2014 was lower than it was during 2013 due to a reduction in the interest rate pursuant to the terms and conditions in the credit agreement as well as from the refinancing transaction we completed in the fourth quarter of 2013. in addition to the lower average rate of interest, interest expense during 2014 also benefited from a decrease in the average debt outstanding as a result of the repayment of the $300.0 million term loan, which quintiles transnational holdings inc. obtained in february 2012 and paid in full in may 2013, the pay down of $50.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities in may 2013, the mandatory prepayment of $33.8 million of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities in the first quarter of 2013, and the $25.0 million prepayment of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities in december 2014. these repayments more than offset the impact on the average debt outstanding of the $275.0 million term loan issued under the receivables financing facility in december 2014 and the $150.0 million draw on our line of credit in 2014, which was repaid with the proceeds of the receivables financing facility term loan.
45
loss on extinguishment of debt year ended december 31,

2015               2014                2013
(in millions)
loss on extinguishment of debt       $7.8                $-                  $19.8
in may 2015, we recognized a $7.8 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facilities. the loss on extinguishment of debt included $1.1 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, $1.3 million of unamortized discount and $5.4 million of related fees and expenses.
in december 2013, we recognized a $3.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt on a portion of the debt retired related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facilities. the loss on extinguishment of debt included $1.6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, $1.6 million of unamortized discount and $25,000 of fees and expenses.
in may 2013, we recognized a $16.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to payment of all amounts outstanding under the $300.0 million term loan and a $50.0 million pay down of outstanding indebtedness under our senior secured credit facilities. the loss on extinguishment of debt included $5.6 million of unamortized debt issuance costs, $4.8 million of unamortized discount and $6.1 million of fees and expenses.
see "-liquidity and capital resources" for more information on these transactions.
other expense (income), net year ended december 31,

2015               2014                2013
(in millions)
other expense (income), net       $2.4                $(9.0     )         $(0.2     )
other expense (income), net for 2015 primarily consisted of $5.9 million of expense related to the change in fair value of contingent consideration related to an acquisition, partially offset by $4.6 million of foreign currency net gains.
other expense (income), net for 2014 included income of approximately $8.6 million due to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration from an acquisition as well as a gain from the sale of marketable equity securities of approximately $5.0 million, partially offset by other expenses, primarily consisting of $4.9 million of foreign currency net losses.
other expense (income), net for 2013 included income of approximately $3.5 million due to changes in the estimated fair value of contingent consideration for two of our acquisitions completed in 2011. in addition, 2013 included approximately $4.0 million of foreign currency net losses.
income tax expense year ended december 31,

2015                 2014                  2013
(dollars in millions)
income tax expense                 $159.0                $150.1               $96.0
effective income tax rate            29.5    %             29.9    %           29.7   %
the decrease in the 2015 effective income tax rate was due to an income tax benefit related to the reversal of uncertain tax positions for tax years whose statute of limitations expired in 2015 and also a change in the relative mix of the profitability between taxing jurisdictions. these benefits were partially offset by additional income tax expense related to an increase in the amount of current year earnings of our foreign subsidiaries not considered permanently reinvested.
46
the effective income tax rate for 2013 was negatively impacted by the settlement of certain intercompany notes in 2013 that had previously been considered long-term investments, which resulted in $11.1 million of income tax expense. this negative impact was primarily offset by our change in assertion regarding the undistributed earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries that are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. prior to june 2013, we had not considered the majority of the undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested. we reevaluated this assertion following the ipo, as a portion of the ipo proceeds were used to pay down debt held in the united states and we do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future, which had been significant in the past. given our debt balance, and related interest expense and the change in approach related to payment of dividends, we expect to be able to support the cash needs of our domestic subsidiaries without repatriating cash from the affected foreign subsidiaries. we expect to utilize the cash generated outside of the united states to fund growth outside of the united states. as a result of the assertion change, we recorded an $8.1 million income tax benefit in the second quarter of 2013 to reverse the deferred income tax liability previously recorded on undistributed foreign earnings prior to 2013 that are now considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states.
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates year ended december 31,

2015               2014                2013
(in millions)
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates       $8.3                $4.4                $(1.1     )
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates in 2015 primarily included earnings from our investment in novaquest pharma opportunities fund iii, l.p., or fund iii. the increase in 2014 when compared to 2013 was primarily due to earnings from fund iii partially offset by losses and write-downs incurred on another equity method investment.
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests year ended december 31,

2015               2014                2013
(in millions)
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests       $(1.1     )         $(0.1     )         $0.6
net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in 2015 primarily included quest's interest in q2 solutions.
segment results of operations service revenues and income from operations by segment are as follows (dollars in millions):
service revenues                                                   income from operations                                           operating profit margin

2015                     2014                     2013                 2015                    2014                     2013                    2015               2014                2013
product development                           $3,191.6                 $3,097.8                 $2,919.7             $714.6                   $645.2                   $562.3              22.4   %            20.8   %            19.3   %
integrated healthcare services                 1,134.8                  1,068.0                    888.6               84.0                     64.8                     42.1               7.4                 6.1                 4.7
total segments                                 4,326.4                  4,165.8                  3,808.3              798.6                    710.0                    604.4              18.5   %            17.0   %            15.9   %
general corporate and unallocated                                                                                    (118.7    )              (110.6    )              (128.0   )
restructuring costs                                                                                                   (30.8    )                (9.0    )               (14.1   )
impairment charges                                                                                                     (2.5    )                   -                        -
consolidated                                  $4,326.4                 $4,165.8                 $3,808.3             $646.6                   $590.4                   $462.3
certain costs are not allocated to our segments and are reported as general corporate and unallocated expenses. these costs primarily consist of share-based compensation and expenses for corporate office functions such as senior leadership, finance, human resources, it, facilities and legal, as well as certain expenses incurred in the second quarter of 2013 including the $25.0 million fee incurred in connection with the termination of the management agreement with affiliates of certain shareholders and the $1.5 million fee paid in connection with the modification of an agreement for the business usage of an airplane owned by gfm. we do not allocate restructuring or impairment charges to our segments.
47
product development change

2015                     2014                     2013                                      2015 vs. 2014                          2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions)
service revenues                                $3,191.6                 $3,097.8                 $2,919.7            $93.8                 3.0   %         $178.1                 6.1   %
costs of revenue, service costs                  1,828.7                  1,820.9                  1,752.8              7.8                 0.4               68.1                 3.9
as a percentage of service revenues                 57.3   %                 58.8   %                 60.0   %
selling, general and administrative                648.3                    631.7                    604.6             16.6                 2.6               27.1                 4.5
as a percentage of service revenues                 20.3   %                 20.4   %                 20.7   %
segment income from operations                    $714.6                   $645.2                   $562.3            $69.4                10.8   %          $82.9                14.8   %
as a percentage of service revenues                 22.4   %                 20.8   %                 19.3   %
service revenues
2015 compared to 2014
product development's service revenues were $3,191.6 million in 2015, an increase of $93.8 million, or 3.0%, over 2014. this increase was comprised of constant currency service revenue growth of $223.5 million, or 7.2%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $129.7 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service revenue growth primarily included $230.7 million from a volume-related increase from clinical solutions and services and the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, which was partially offset by a decrease of $7.2 million from advisory services.
the volume-related service revenue growth was related to core clinical services, clinical solutions provided on a functional resource basis and clinical trial support services. this growth was due largely to execution on the higher backlog in place as we entered the year. in addition, we recognized $16.9 million of revenue in the second quarter of 2015 as a result of the release of deferred revenue upon the early close out of a customer arrangement. lower revenues from advisory services were primarily due to lower activity on projects related to regulatory compliance remediation.
constant currency service revenue growth during the year ended december 31, 2015 was also negatively impacted by cancellations from 2014.
2014 compared to 2013
product development's service revenues were $3.1 billion in 2014, an increase of $178.1 million, or 6.1%, over 2013. this increase was comprised of constant currency service revenue growth of $183.2 million, or 6.3%, offset by a negative impact of approximately $5.1 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. the constant currency service revenue growth was primarily a result of a volume-related increase of $100.2 million in clinical solutions and services and $89.6 million from the novella acquisition, which were partially offset by a decrease of $6.6 from advisory services.
the volume-related service revenue growth from clinical solutions and services was related to an increase in clinical solutions provided on a functional resource basis, clinical trial support services, and core clinical services in asia and japan. this growth was due largely to execution on the higher backlog in place as we entered 2014. the rate of year-over-year revenue growth was negatively impacted by the wind-down of a large clinical solutions project delivered throughout 2013.
costs of revenue, service costs
2015 compared to 2014
product development's service costs increased approximately $7.8 million in 2015 over 2014. this increase included a constant currency increase of $140.0 million, or 7.7%, which included the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, partially offset by $132.2 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
48
the constant currency service costs growth was primarily due to the impact from the q2 solutions transaction and an increase in compensation and related expenses. the increase in compensation and related expenses resulted from an increase in billable headcount as a result of the ramp up of new projects, which we expect to continue, as well as annual merit increases and an increase in competition for qualified personnel in certain markets. also contributing to the constant currency increase was $17.2 million of expense recognized in the second quarter of 2015 as a result of the release of deferred contract costs upon the early close out of a customer arrangement. service cost growth was partially offset by an $8.3 million increase in the benefit from research and development credits received in europe when compared to the same period in the prior year. as a percent of service revenues, product development's service costs were 57.3% and 58.8% in 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in service costs as a percentage of service revenues reflected a favorable impact of 170 basis points from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations and a closer alignment of resources with project requirements, including cost efficiencies gained from restructuring actions taken in prior years, which more than offset the impact of the constant currency service costs growth noted above.
2014 compared to 2013
product development's service costs increased approximately $68.1 million in 2014 over 2013. this increase was comprised of a $94.0 million constant currency increase, or 5.4%, partially offset by a reduction of $25.9 million from the positive effect of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency service costs growth was due to (1) incremental costs resulting from the novella acquisition, (2) an increase in billable headcount and other expenses directly related to our service contracts to support our higher volume of revenue, and (3) a reduction of an accrual for statutory profit sharing of approximately $5.4 million in 2013 as a result of guidance handed down by an administrative court in france. these increases in service costs were partially offset by a $10.6 million increase in the benefit from research and development grants primarily from france and austria as well as efficiencies gained from restructuring activities taken in prior years. as a percent of service revenues, product development's service costs were 58.8% and 60.0% in 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease in service costs as a percentage of service revenues was primarily a result of a closer alignment of resources with project requirements, including cost efficiencies gained from restructuring actions taken in prior years.
selling, general and administrative
2015 compared to 2014
product development's selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $16.6 million, or 2.6%, in 2015 as compared to 2014. this increase was primarily caused by a constant currency increase of $47.2 million, which included the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, partially offset by a reduction of $30.6 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations. as a percent of service revenues, product development's selling, general and administrative expenses were 20.3% and 20.4% in 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the constant currency increase was primarily due to the incremental impact from the businesses that quest contributed to q2 solutions, higher compensation and related expenses due to annual merit increases and an increase in headcount.
2014 compared to 2013
product development's selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $27.1 million, or 4.5%, in 2014 as compared to 2013. this increase was primarily caused by a constant currency increase of $33.6 million, which included the impact from the novella acquisition. these increases were partially offset by $8.4 million of costs incurred in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 for severance associated with cost reduction programs as well as a positive impact of approximately $6.5 million from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations. as a percent of service revenues, product development's selling, general and administrative expenses were 20.4% and 20.7% in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the constant currency increase was primarily caused by the impact from the novella acquisition, increases in compensation and related expenses resulting from annual merit increases and an increase in headcount, and a growth related increase in it costs.
49
integrated healthcare services change

2015                  2014                  2013                                 2015 vs. 2014                          2014 vs. 2013
(dollars in millions)
service revenues                             $1,134.8              $1,068.0              $888.6            $66.8                 6.3   %         $179.4                20.2   %
costs of revenue, service costs                 896.9                 863.2               718.6             33.7                 3.9              144.6                20.1
as a percentage of service revenues              79.0   %              80.8   %            80.9   %
selling, general and administrative             153.9                 140.0               127.9             13.9                 9.9               12.1                 9.5
as a percentage of service revenues              13.6   %              13.1   %            14.4   %
segment income from operations                  $84.0                 $64.8               $42.1            $19.2                29.7   %          $22.7                53.8   %
as a percentage of service revenues               7.4   %               6.1   %             4.7   %
service revenues
2015 compared to 2014
integrated healthcare services' service revenues were $1,134.8 million in 2015, an increase of $66.8 million, or 6.3%, over 2014. this increase was comprised of constant currency service revenue growth of $149.4 million, or 14.0%, including $43.8 million from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $82.6 million due to the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the increase in constant currency service revenues was due to the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014, an increase in commercial services in north america, as well as growth in real-world and late phase research services. in addition, 2015 was impacted by a decline in europe due to the loss of revenue from an agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy that ended in the fourth quarter of 2014.
2014 compared to 2013
integrated healthcare services' service revenues were $1,068.0 million in 2014, an increase of $179.4 million, or 20.2%, over 2013. this increase is comprised of constant currency service revenue growth of $200.0 million, or 22.5%, partially offset by a negative impact of approximately $20.6 million due to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations.
the increase in constant currency service revenues was driven by $35.4 million from the encore acquisition and an increase in commercial services in north america and japan, as well as growth in real-world and late phase research services. these increases were partially offset by a decline in europe due to lower revenue from an agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy as well as lower commercial services revenues. the agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy ended in the fourth quarter of 2014.
costs of revenue, service costs
2015 compared to 2014
integrated healthcare services' service costs increased approximately $33.7 million in 2015. this increase was comprised of a $99.5 million constant currency increase, or 11.5%, partially offset by a reduction of $65.8 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency increase for 2015 was due to the impact of the encore acquisition and an increase in compensation and related expenses resulting from an increase in billable headcount needed to support the higher volume of constant currency revenue and annual merit increases. these increases in compensation and related expenses were partially offset by a decline in other expenses directly related to the agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy, which ended in the fourth quarter of 2014.
as a percent of service revenues, costs of revenue was 79.0% in 2015 as compared to 80.8% in the prior year. this improvement in profit margin (as a percent of service revenues) resulted primarily from constant currency profit margin expansion in real-world and late phase research services, and commercial services in japan as well as in europe, including the impact from the termination of the low margin agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy in 2014. this constant currency profit margin expansion was partially offset by a negative impact from foreign currency fluctuations.
50
2014 compared to 2013
integrated healthcare services' service costs increased approximately $144.6 million in 2014. this increase was comprised of a $159.5 million constant currency increase, or 22.2%, partially offset by a reduction of $14.9 million from the positive effect of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency increase was primarily due to the impact from the encore acquisition and increases in compensation and related expenses resulting from an increase in billable headcount needed to support the higher volume of revenue and annual merit compensation increases. these increases in compensation and related expenses were partially offset by a decline in other expenses directly related to the agreement to distribute pharmaceutical products in italy, which ended in the fourth quarter of 2014.
selling, general and administrative
2015 compared to 2014
integrated healthcare services' selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $13.9 million, or 9.9%, in 2015 as compared to 2014. this increase was comprised of a $20.7 million constant currency increase, or 14.8%, partially offset by a reduction of $6.8 million from the positive effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency increase was primarily due to the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014 and an increase in compensation and related expenses.
2014 compared to 2013
integrated healthcare services' selling, general and administrative expenses increased approximately $12.1 million, or 9.5%, in 2014 as compared to 2013. this increase was comprised of a $13.0 million constant currency increase, or 10.2%. this increase was partially offset by $1.6 million of costs incurred in 2013 that did not recur in 2014 for severance associated with cost reduction programs as well as a positive impact of approximately $900,000 from the effects of foreign currency fluctuations.
the constant currency increase was primarily due to the impact from the encore acquisition which closed in july 2014 and increases in compensation and related expenses. the increase in compensation and related expenses resulted from annual merit increases and an increase in headcount.
liquidity and capital resources overview we assess our liquidity in terms of our ability to generate cash to fund our operating, investing and financing activities. our principal source of liquidity is operating cash flows. in addition to operating cash flows, other significant factors that affect our overall management of liquidity include: capital expenditures, acquisitions, investments, debt service requirements, dividends, equity repurchases, adequacy of our revolving credit and receivables financing facilities and access to the capital markets.
we manage our worldwide cash requirements by monitoring the funds available among our subsidiaries and determining the extent to which those funds can be accessed on a cost effective basis. the repatriation of cash balances from certain of our subsidiaries could have adverse income tax consequences. the earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries are considered indefinitely reinvested outside the united states, which limits our ability to repatriate cash from our foreign subsidiaries for the foreseeable future.
we had a cash balance of $977.2 million at december 31, 2015 ($244.9 million of which was in the united states), an increase from $867.4 million at december 31, 2014.
51
based on our current operating plan, we believe that our available cash and cash equivalents, future cash flows from operations and our ability to access funds under our revolving credit and receivables financing facilities will enable us to fund our operating requirements and capital expenditures and meet debt obligations for at least the next 12 months. we regularly evaluate our debt arrangements, as well as market conditions, and from time to time we may explore opportunities to modify our existing debt arrangements or pursue additional financing arrangements that could result in the issuance of new debt securities by us or our affiliates. we may use our existing cash, cash generated from operations or dispositions of assets or businesses and/or proceeds from any new financing arrangements or issuances of debt or equity securities to repay or reduce some of our outstanding obligations, to repurchase shares from our shareholders or for other purposes. as part of our ongoing business strategy, we also are continually evaluating new acquisition, expansion and investment possibilities or other strategic growth opportunities, as well as potential dispositions of assets or businesses, as appropriate, including dispositions that may cause us to recognize a loss on certain assets. should we elect to pursue any such transaction, we may seek to obtain debt or equity financing to facilitate those activities. our ability to enter into any such potential transactions and our use of cash or proceeds is limited to varying degrees by the terms and restrictions contained in our senior secured credit facilities. we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to complete any such financing arrangements or other transactions on favorable terms or at all.
equity repurchases since 2013, we have repurchased approximately $995.6 million of our equity securities as discussed further below.
equity repurchase program on october 30, 2013, our board approved the repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to $125.0 million of either our common stock or vested in-the-money employee stock options, or a combination thereof. during 2015, our board increased the share repurchase authorization under the repurchase program by $600.0 million, which increased the total amount that has been authorized under the repurchase program to $725.0 million. the repurchase program does not obligate us to repurchase any particular amount of common stock or vested in-the-money employee stock options and it can be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. repurchases of vested in-the-money employee stock options were made through transactions between us and our employees (other than our executive officers, who were not eligible to participate in the program), and this aspect of the repurchase program expired in november 2013. the repurchase program for common stock does not have an end date. under the repurchase program in 2015, we repurchased 7,855,796 shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of $515.0 million (representing an average price per share of $65.56). from inception through december 31, 2015, we have repurchased $59.1 million of stock options and $521.4 million of common stock under the repurchase program. as of december 31, 2015, we have remaining authorization under the repurchase program to repurchase up to $144.5 million of our common stock. additional information regarding the repurchase program is presented in part ii, item 5 "market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" and note 12 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
other equity repurchases on may 28, 2014, we completed the repurchase of 3,287,209 shares of our common stock for $50.23 per share from tpg quintiles holdco, l.p., one of our existing shareholders, in a private transaction for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $165.1 million. the repurchase price per share of common stock was equal to 98% of the closing market price of our common stock on the nyse on may 27, 2014 (which was $51.26). the repurchase of shares from our existing shareholder was authorized in compliance with our related party transactions approval policy. we funded this private repurchase transaction with cash on hand. this private repurchase transaction was separate from and in addition to the repurchase program.
on november 10, 2014, we completed the repurchase of 4,303,666 shares of our common stock for $58.09 per share for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $250.0 million. we funded this repurchase transaction with a combination of cash on hand and a $150.0 million draw on our revolving credit facility which was subsequently repaid. this repurchase transaction was separate from and in addition to the repurchase program.
52
senior secured credit agreement and senior notes on may 12, 2015, quintiles transnational entered into new senior secured credit facilities, or the new facilities, totaling $1.95 billion. the new facilities consist of a five-year $500.0 million revolving credit facility, or the new revolver, and $1.45 billion of term loans ($850 million in term loan a due 2020, or term loan a, and $600 million in term loan b due 2022, or term loan b). in addition, quintiles transnational issued $800 million of 4.875% senior unsecured notes due 2023, or the senior notes, in a private placement. the new facilities and the senior notes are referred to collectively as the "new debt." annual maturities on the term loan a and the term loan b are 5% and 1%, respectively, of the respective original principal amount with the remaining balances to be repaid on their respective maturity dates. beginning with the fiscal year ending december 31, 2016, we will be required to make mandatory repayments on term loan a and term loan b of 50% of excess cash flow (as defined in the credit agreement covering the new facilities, subject to a reduction to 25% or 0% depending upon our leverage ratio). based on our current expectations, we do not anticipate any significant mandatory repayments. mandatory repayments will be allocated pro rata between term loan a and term loan b (subject to increases in the amount of term loan a repayments with amounts declined by term loan b lenders), and applied, first, to reduce the next eight quarterly amortization installments in direct order of maturity, and, second, to reduce all remaining amortization installments pro rata. we also will be required to make mandatory repayments with 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain asset dispositions, subject to thresholds and reinvestment rights. any amounts outstanding under the new facilities may be voluntarily repaid at any time without penalty. the new senior secured credit facilities arrangements are collateralized by substantially all of the assets of quintiles transnational and the assets of quintiles transnational's domestic subsidiaries including 100% of the equity interests of substantially all of quintiles transnational's domestic subsidiaries and 65% of the equity interests of substantially all of the first-tier foreign subsidiaries of quintiles transnational and its domestic subsidiaries. interest on the senior notes is paid semiannually on may 15 and november 15 of each year until maturity. the senior notes are unsecured senior obligations of quintiles transnational and are effectively subordinated in right of payment to all secured obligations of quintiles transnational, to the extent of the value of any collateral. we used the proceeds from the new debt (i) to repay the term loan b-3 under our then outstanding senior credit agreement which was due in 2018, (ii) to pay related fees and expenses including $11.0 million of breakage fees associated with the terminated interest rate swaps, and (iii) for general corporate purposes including the share repurchase discussed above.
receivables financing facility on december 5, 2014, we entered into a four-year arrangement to securitize certain of our accounts receivable. under the receivables financing facility, certain of our accounts receivable are sold on a non-recourse basis by certain of our consolidated subsidiaries to another of our consolidated subsidiaries, a bankruptcy-remote special purpose entity, or spe. the spe obtained a term loan and revolving loan commitment from a third party lender, secured by liens on the assets of the spe, to finance the purchase of the accounts receivable, which included a $275.0 million term loan and a $25.0 million revolving loan commitment. the revolving loan commitment may be increased by an additional $35.0 million as amounts are repaid under the term loan. quintiles transnational has guaranteed the performance of the obligations of existing and future subsidiaries that sell and service the accounts receivable under the receivables financing facility. the assets of the spe are not available to satisfy any of our obligations or any obligations of our subsidiaries. the interest rate under the receivables financing facility is a reserve-adjusted libor rate for amounts outstanding on the term loan and a reserve-adjusted libor market index rate for amounts outstanding on the revolving loan. interest is payable monthly. we used the proceeds from the term loan under the receivables financing facility to repay in full the amount outstanding on the revolving credit facility under our senior secured credit agreement ($150.0 million), to repay $25.0 million of the term loan b-3 under our then outstanding senior secured credit agreement, to pay related fees and expenses and the remainder was used for general working capital purposes. as of december 31, 2015, the full $25.0 million of revolving loan commitment was available under the receivables financing facility.
53
restrictive covenants the credit agreement governing the quintiles transnational senior secured credit facilities contains usual and customary restrictive covenants (subject to significant exceptions) that place limitations on quintiles transnational's ability, and the ability of quintiles transnational's restricted subsidiaries, to incur liens; engage in acquisitions, loans and other investments; incur additional indebtedness; merge, dissolve, liquidate or consolidate with or into other persons; sell or otherwise dispose of assets; declare dividends, including to quintiles transnational holdings inc., and make other restricted payments; engage in businesses that are not related to quintiles transnational's and its restricted subsidiaries' existing business; transact with affiliates; enter into agreements that restrict subsidiaries from paying intercompany dividends or completing intercompany property transfers or that restrict the ability to create liens in favor of quintiles transnational's lenders; amend or otherwise modify organizational documents or terms and conditions of junior financing documents, if any; change the fiscal year of quintiles transnational; prepay, redeem or purchase junior financing, if any; designate any other indebtedness as "designated senior indebtedness" or "senior secured financing"; and engage in sale and leaseback transactions. the credit agreement also contains one financial covenant, which is a total leverage ratio that provides for a maximum ratio of consolidated total debt to consolidated ebitda, as defined in the credit agreement, for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, measured as of the end of such period, of 5.75 to 1.00, and applies at any time that the term loan a or new revolver commitments remain outstanding. violations of the financial covenant will not entitle the term loan b lenders to take any enforcement action prior to an acceleration of the new revolver and the term loan a and, subject to customary limitations, may be cured with an equity contribution.
the agreement governing the senior notes limits quintiles transnational's and its restricted subsidiaries' (as defined in the agreement) ability to create liens and enter into sale and lease-back transactions.
the agreement governing the receivables financing facility contains certain usual and customary covenants and termination events for a securitization transaction, including certain financial reporting covenants and requirements to maintain the existence of the spe separate from quintiles transnational and its other affiliates. an occurrence of an event of default or a termination event under this facility may give rise to the right of the third party lender to terminate this facility.
in 2015, 2014 and 2013, we believe we were in compliance with our restrictive covenants.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $2.5 billion of total indebtedness, excluding $534.0 million of additional available borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. there were no amounts drawn on the revolving credit facilities in 2015. see note 10 to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional details regarding our credit arrangements.
years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013
cash flow from operating activities year ended december 31,

2015                 2014                  2013
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities       $475.7                $431.8                $393.4
2015 compared to 2014
cash provided by operating activities increased by $43.9 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. the increase in cash provided by operating activities primarily reflects the increase in net income including adjustments for non-cash items necessary to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities. also contributing to the increase was an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses ($58.5 million) as well as lower payments for interest ($11.6 million) and income taxes ($18.1 million). these improvements in operating cash flow were partially offset by higher cash used in days sales outstanding, or dso. the higher cash used in dso reflects a seven-day increase in dso in 2015 compared to a two-day increase in dso in 2014. dso can shift significantly at each reporting period depending on the timing of cash receipts under contractual payment terms relative to the recognition of revenue over a project lifecycle.
54
2014 compared to 2013
cash provided by operating activities increased by $38.4 million in 2014 as compared to 2013. the increase in operating cash flow reflects an increase in net income, lower payments for interest ($21.6 million), and lower cash used in dso ($21.1 million) in 2014 as compared to 2013. this lower cash used in dso reflects a two-day increase in dso in 2014 compared to a five-day increase in 2013. in addition, net income for 2013 included cash expenses totaling $32.5 million for a fee paid in connection with the termination of our management agreement with affiliates of certain of our shareholders ($25.0 million), a fee paid in connection with the modification of an agreement for the business usage of an airplane owned by gfm ($1.5 million), and a termination fee for the repayment of the $300.0 million term loan ($6.0 million), which did not recur in 2014. these increases in operating cash flow were partially offset by higher payments for income taxes ($67.9 million) and higher cash used for incentive compensation.
cash flow from investing activities year ended december 31,

2015                 2014                  2013
(in millions)
net cash used in investing activities       $(67.0      )         $(173.1     )         $(236.2     )
2015 compared to 2014
cash used in investing activities decreased by $106.1 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. this decrease was primarily related to cash acquired in the q2 solutions transaction ($31.7 million) compared to cash used for the acquisition of businesses ($92.2 million) in 2014, partially offset by the termination of interest rate swaps in connection with the refinancing transaction in 2015 ($11.0 million) and higher cash used for investments.
2014 compared to 2013
cash used in investing activities decreased by $63.1 million to $173.1 million in 2014, as compared to $236.2 million in 2013. this decline in the use of cash in 2014 was primarily related to lower cash used for the acquisition of businesses. cash used to acquire businesses in 2014 was $92.2 million, consisting primarily of the acquisition of encore, as compared to 2013 which included the acquisition of novella for approximately $145.0 million. also contributing to the decline was lower cash used to acquire property, equipment and software and an increase in proceeds from the sale of equity securities.
cash flow from financing activities year ended december 31,

2015                 2014                  2013
(in millions)
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities       $(249.2     )         $(130.3     )         $71.0
2015 compared to 2014
cash used in financing activities increased by $118.9 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. the increase in cash used in financing activities in 2015 was primarily related to higher cash used to repurchase common stock ($99.9 million) and lower cash provided by debt issuances, net of repayments ($75.4 million), partially offset by higher cash from stock issued under employee stock purchase and option plans ($29.1 million), and an increase in the excess income tax benefits from share-based award activities ($18.8 million).
2014 compared to 2013
net cash used in financing activities was $130.3 million in 2014, as compared to cash provided by financing activities of $71.0 million in 2013. the cash used in financing activities in 2014 was primarily related to the repurchase of common stock ($415.1 million), partially offset by the proceeds from issuance of debt ($275.0 million) and the proceeds from stock issued under employee stock purchase and option plans ($35.2 million). the repurchase of common stock was funded, in part, by a $150.0 million draw on our line of credit under our senior secured credit facility. this line of credit draw was repaid in full in 2014 from the proceeds of a $275.0 million term loan under our receivables financing facility, which closed in december 2014. the proceeds from the $275.0 million term loan were also used to repay $25.0 million of outstanding indebtedness on the term loan b-3 under our senior secured credit facility.
55
contractual obligations and commitments below is a summary of our future payment commitments by year under contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
2016        2017-2018     2019-2020      thereafter       total

long-term debt, including interest (1)                $131.9        $536.1        $853.3        $1,489.5      $3,010.8
operating leases                                        84.7         104.4          54.9           111.3         355.3
purchase obligations (2)                                 2.3           0.9           0.4             0.2           3.8
commitments to unconsolidated affiliates (3)             0.8             -             -               -           0.8
defined benefit plans (4)                                5.5             -             -               -           5.5
uncertain income tax positions (5)                       0.3             -             -               -           0.3
contingent consideration (6)                             4.4             -             -               -           4.4
total                                                 $229.9        $641.4        $908.6        $1,601.0      $3,380.9
(1)   interest payments on floating rate debt for the senior secured credit agreement and receivables financing facility are based on the interest rates in effect on december 31, 2015.

(2)   purchase obligations are defined as agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including fixed or minimum quantities to be purchased, fixed, minimum or variable pricing provisions and the approximate timing of the transactions.

(3)   we are currently committed to invest $70.0 million in private equity funds. as of december 31, 2015, we have funded approximately $37.3 million of these commitments and we have approximately $32.7 million remaining to be funded.

(4)   we made cash contributions totaling approximately $6.0 million to our defined benefit plans in 2015, and we estimate that we will make contributions totaling approximately $5.5 million in 2016. due to the potential impact of future plan investment performance, changes in interest rates, changes in other economic and demographic assumptions and changes in legislation in foreign jurisdictions, we are not able to reasonably estimate the timing and amount of contributions that may be required to fund our defined benefit plans for periods beyond 2016.

(5)   as of december 31, 2015, our liability related to uncertain income tax positions was approximately $32.1 million, $31.8 million of which has not been included in the above table as we are unable to predict when these liabilities will be paid due to the uncertainties in the timing of the settlement of the income tax positions.

(6)   contingent consideration payable in connection with an acquisition.

subsequent event in february 2016, our board approved a restructuring plan for approximately $22 million, primarily for severance and other exit costs, to align our resources and reduce overcapacity. some of these actions are subject to certain legal and regulatory requirements. we anticipate that these actions, if implemented, will occur in 2016 and are expected to result in a reduction of approximately $18 million to $20 million of service revenues during the year ended december 31, 2016 when compared to the same period in 2015.
application of critical accounting policies note 1 to the consolidated financial statements provided elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k describes the significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. the preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. our estimates are based on historical experience and various other assumptions we believe are reasonable under the circumstances. we evaluate our estimates on an ongoing basis and make changes to the estimates and related disclosures as experience develops or new information becomes known. actual results may differ from those estimates.
we believe the following critical accounting policies affect our more significant judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements.
56
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when all of the following conditions are satisfied: (1) there is persuasive evidence of an arrangement, (2) the service offering has been delivered to the customer, (3) the collection of fees is probable and (4) the arrangement consideration is fixed or determinable. we do not recognize revenue with respect to start-up activities including contract and scope negotiation, feasibility analysis and conflict of interest review associated with contracts. the costs for these activities are expensed as incurred. for contracts in which portions of revenue are contingent upon the occurrence of uncertain future events we recognize the revenue only after it has been earned and the contingency has been resolved.
the majority of our revenue is recognized based on objective contractual criteria and does not require significant estimates or judgments. however, at any point in time we are working on thousands of active customer projects, which are governed by individual contracts. most projects are customized based on the needs of the customer, the type of services being provided, therapeutic indication of the drug, geographic locations and other variables. project specific terms related to pricing, billing terms and the scope and type of services to be provided are generally negotiated and contracted on a project-by-project basis. changes in the scope of work are common, especially under long-term contracts, and generally result in a change in contract value. in such situations, we enter into negotiations for a contract amendment to reflect the change in scope and the related price. depending on the complexity of the amendment, the negotiation process can take from a few weeks for a simple adjustment to several months for a complex amendment. management may authorize the project team to commence work on activities outside the contract scope while we negotiate and finalize the contract amendment. in these limited cases, if we are not able to obtain a contract amendment from the customer, our profit margin on the arrangement may be impacted. this result occurs because our costs of delivery are expensed as they are incurred, while revenue is not recognized unless the customer has agreed to the changes in scope and renegotiated pricing terms, the contract value is amended and all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
for arrangements that include multiple elements, arrangement consideration is allocated to units of accounting based on the relative selling price. the best evidence of selling price of a unit of accounting is vendor-specific objective evidence, or vsoe, which is the price we charge when the deliverable is sold separately. when vsoe is not available to determine selling price, we use relevant third-party evidence, or tpe, of selling price, if available. when neither vsoe nor tpe of selling price exists, we use our best estimate of selling price considering all relevant information that is available without undue cost and effort.
most contracts are terminable upon 30 to 90 days notice by the customer. our risk of material loss in these situations is mitigated as these contracts generally require payment to us for expenses to wind down the clinical trial or project, fees earned to date and, in some cases, a termination fee or a payment of some portion of the fees or profits that could have been earned under the contract if it had not been terminated early. in addition, our contract terms provide for payment terms that generally correspond with performance of the services. termination fees are included in service revenues when realization is assured.
accounts receivable and unbilled services accounts receivable represents amounts billed to customers. revenues recognized in excess of billings are classified as unbilled services. the realization of these amounts is based on the customer's willingness and ability to pay us. we have an allowance for doubtful accounts based on management's estimate of probable losses we expect to incur resulting from a customer failing to pay us. our allowance for doubtful accounts, and losses from customers failing to pay us, have not been material to our results of operations. if any of these estimates change or actual results differs from expected results, then an adjustment is recorded in the period in which the amounts become reasonably estimable. these adjustments could have a material effect on our results of operations.
investments in unconsolidated affiliates - equity method investments we have investments in unconsolidated affiliates that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. periodically, we review our investments for a decline in value which we believe may be other than temporary. should we identify such a decline, we will record a loss through earnings to establish a new cost basis for the investment. these losses could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
57
income taxes certain items of income and expense are not recognized on our income tax returns and financial statements in the same year, which creates timing differences. the income tax effect of these timing differences results in (1) deferred income tax assets that create a reduction in future income taxes and (2) deferred income tax liabilities that create an increase in future income taxes. recognition of deferred income tax assets is based on management's belief that it is more likely than not that the income tax benefit associated with certain temporary differences, income tax operating loss and capital loss carryforwards and income tax credits, would be realized. we recorded a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred income tax assets for those deferred income tax items for which it was more likely than not that realization would not occur. we determined the amount of the valuation allowance based, in part, on our assessment of future taxable income and in light of our ongoing income tax strategies. if our estimate of future taxable income or tax strategies changes at any time in the future, we would record an adjustment to our valuation allowance. recording such an adjustment could have a material effect on our financial position.
income tax expense is based on the distribution of profit before income tax among the various taxing jurisdictions in which we operate, adjusted as required by the income tax laws of each taxing jurisdiction. changes in the distribution of profits and losses among taxing jurisdictions may have a significant impact on our effective income tax rate. we consider the undistributed earnings of most of our foreign subsidiaries to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the united states. accordingly, we have not provided a deferred income tax liability related to those undistributed earnings.
business combinations we use the acquisition method to account for business combinations, and accordingly, the identifiable assets acquired, the liabilities assumed and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree are recorded at their estimated fair values on the date of the acquisition. we use significant judgments, estimates and assumptions in determining the estimated fair value of assets acquired, liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest including expected future cash flows; discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows; and estimated useful lives.
when a business combination involves contingent consideration, we recognize a liability equal to the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration obligation at the date of the acquisition. the estimate of fair value of a contingent consideration liability requires subjective assumptions to be made regarding future business results including revenues and net new business, discount rates that reflect the risk associated with the expected future cash flows and probabilities assigned to various potential business result scenarios. we periodically reassess the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration over the term of the arrangement. any resulting changes are recognized in earnings and could have a material effect on our results of operations.
goodwill, tangible and identifiable intangible assets we have recorded and allocated to our reporting units the excess of the cost over the fair value of the net assets acquired, known as goodwill. the recoverability of the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated annually for impairment, or if and when events or circumstances indicate a possible impairment. goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized. we review the carrying values of other identifiable intangible assets if the facts and circumstances indicate a possible impairment. based upon our 2015 annual testing, we believe that the risk of an impairment to goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets is currently very low, except for the encore reporting unit. while we have concluded at this time that it is more likely than not that there is no impairment in the encore reporting unit and concluded that a quantitative analysis was not necessary, if certain strategic initiatives do not perform as expected during 2016, a quantitative analysis may be required. other identifiable intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives.
for goodwill, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its book value. this includes a qualitative analysis of macroeconomic conditions, industry and market considerations, internal cost factors, financial performance, fair value history and other company specific events. if this qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that estimated fair value is less than the book value for the respective reporting unit, we apply a two-step impairment test in which we determine whether the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is in excess of its carrying value. if the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit exceeds the estimated fair value of the reporting unit, we perform the second step of the impairment test to determine the implied estimated fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill. we determine the implied estimated fair value of goodwill by determining the present value of the estimated future cash flows for each reporting unit and comparing the reporting unit's risk profile and growth prospects to selected, reasonably similar publicly traded companies. the inherent subjectivity of applying a discounted cash flow and market comparables approach to valuing our assets and liabilities could have a significant impact on our analysis. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
58
for indefinite-lived intangible assets, we perform a qualitative analysis to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value. if this qualitative analysis indicates that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value is less than the carrying value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset, we determine the estimated fair value of the indefinite-lived intangible asset (trade name) by determining the present value of the estimated royalty payments on an after-tax basis that it would be required to pay the owner for the right to use such trade name. if the carrying amount exceeds the estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to the excess. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
we review the carrying values of property and equipment if the facts and circumstances suggest that a potential impairment may have occurred. if this review indicates that carrying values will not be recoverable, as determined based on undiscounted cash flows over the remaining depreciation or amortization period, we will reduce carrying values to estimated fair value. the inherent subjectivity of our estimates of future cash flows could have a significant impact on our analysis. any future write-offs of long-lived assets could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.
share-based compensation we measure compensation cost for most share-based payment awards (stock options and stock appreciation rights) granted to employees and non-employee directors at fair value using the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model. share-based compensation expense includes share-based awards granted to employees and non-employee directors and has been reported in selling, general and administrative expenses in our consolidated statements of income based upon the classification of the individuals who were granted share-based awards.
the black-scholes-merton option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including share price volatility, the expected life of the award, risk-free interest rate and the fair value of the underlying common shares on the date of grant. in developing our assumptions, we take into account the following:
·   as a result of our status as a private company prior to our ipo, we do not have sufficient history to estimate the volatility of our common share price. we calculate expected volatility based on reported data for selected reasonably similar publicly traded companies for which the historical information is available. we plan to continue to use the guideline peer group volatility information until the historical volatility of our common shares is relevant to measure expected volatility for future award grants;

·   we determine the risk-free interest rate by reference to implied yields available from united states treasury securities with a remaining term equal to the expected life assumed at the date of grant;

·   we estimate the dividend yield to be zero as we do not currently anticipate paying any future dividends;

·   we estimate the average expected life of the award based on our historical experience; and

·   we estimate forfeitures based on our historical analysis of actual forfeitures.

59
