item 1a. risk factors.
we face many risks. if any of the events or circumstances described below actually occur, we and our businesses, financial condition or results of operations could suffer, and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline. our current and potential investors should consider the following risks and the information contained under the heading "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" before deciding to invest in our securities.
risks related to the recall transaction the integration of recall will subject us to liabilities that may exist at recall or may arise in connection with the consummation of the recall transaction.
our integration with recall may pose special risks, including one-time write-offs or restructuring charges, unanticipated costs, and the loss of key employees. there can be no assurance that our integration with recall will be accomplished effectively or in a timely manner. in addition, our integration with recall will subject us to liabilities (including tax liabilities) that may exist at recall or may arise in connection with the consummation of the recall transaction, some of which may be unknown. although we and our advisors have conducted due diligence on the operations of recall, there can be no guarantee that we are aware of all liabilities of recall. these liabilities, and any additional risks and uncertainties related to the recall transaction not currently known to us or that we may currently deem immaterial or unlikely to occur, could negatively impact our future business, financial condition and results of operations.
the price of our common stock and our results of operations after the recall transaction may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the price of our common stock and our results of operations.
recall's business is different in certain ways from ours, and our results of operations, as well as the price of our common stock after the recall transaction, may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the results of our operations and the price of our common stock. the price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly following the recall transaction, including as a result of factors over which we and recall have no control. current stockholders may not wish to continue to invest in us if the recall transaction is consummated or for other reasons may wish to dispose of some or all of their shares of our common stock. if, following the consummation of the recall transaction, there is selling pressure on our common stock that exceeds demand at the market price, the price of our common stock could decline. in addition, if the recall transaction is completed, the recall shareholders will own a significant percentage of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the combined company, and they may determine not to hold their shares of our common stock following the recall transaction, which may result in additional pressure on the price of our common stock.
we will incur significant transaction and combination-related costs in connection with the recall transaction.
we and recall expect to incur significant costs associated with the recall transaction and combining the operations of the two companies, some of which will be paid regardless of whether we are able to complete the recall transaction. in this regard, we expect to incur approximately $80.0 million of costs, including advisory and professional fees, to complete the recall transaction ("recall deal close costs") and approximately $300.0 million of costs to integrate recall with our existing operations, including moving, severance, facility upgrade, reit conversion and system upgrade costs ("recall integration costs"). despite our current estimates, it is difficult to predict the amount of these costs, and we may incur additional unanticipated costs as a consequence of difficulties arising from efforts to integrate the companies.
we will need additional debt financing, which may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, in order to consummate the recall transaction.
we currently anticipate that we will need to raise additional debt financing to consummate the recall transaction. such additional financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all. if we are unable to obtain sufficient financing and consummate the recall transaction, we may be subject to significant monetary or other damages under the recall agreement.
the recall agreement limits our ability to pursue alternatives to the recall transaction, and in certain instances requires payment of a reimbursement fee, which could deter a third party from proposing an alternative transaction to the recall transaction.
while the recall agreement is in effect, subject to certain limited exceptions, we are prohibited from soliciting, initiating, encouraging or entering into certain transactions, such as a merger, sale of assets or other business combination, with any third party. as a result of these limitations, we may lose opportunities to enter into a more favorable transaction than the recall transaction.
moreover, under specified circumstances, we could be required to pay recall a reimbursement fee of a$25.5 million in connection with the termination of the recall agreement. the reimbursement fee could deter a third party from proposing an alternative to the recall transaction.
12
the recall transaction is subject to conditions to closing that could result in the recall transaction being delayed or not completed and the recall agreement can be terminated in certain circumstances, each of which could negatively impact the price of our common stock and our future business and operations.
consummation of the recall transaction is subject to conditions, including, among others:
•   the approval by the recall shareholders of the recall transaction;
•   the approval of the scheme by the federal court of australia, sydney registry (the "sydney federal court") (or such other competent court agreed by us and recall);
•   the absence of any law, order or injunction that would prohibit, restrain or make illegal the recall transaction;
•   the receipt of regulatory approvals;
•   the approval for listing on the nyse of our common stock to be issued in the recall transaction and the establishment of a secondary listing on the australian securities exchange (the "asx") to allow shareholders of recall to trade our common stock via chess depository interests on the asx;
•   the accuracy of the representations and warranties and compliance with the respective covenants of the parties, subject to specified materiality qualifiers; and
•   no events having occurred that would have a material adverse effect on recall or us.
in addition, we and recall each has the right, in certain circumstances, to terminate the recall agreement. if the recall agreement is terminated or any of the conditions to closing are not satisfied and, where permissible, not waived, the recall transaction will not be completed.
failure to complete the recall transaction or any delay in the completion of the recall transaction or any uncertainty about the completion of the recall transaction may adversely affect the price of our common stock or have an adverse impact on our future business and operations.
if the recall transaction is not completed, our ongoing business may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the benefits of having completed the recall transaction, we would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
•   negative reactions from the financial markets;
•   incurring and paying significant expenses in connection with the recall transaction, such as recall deal costs and recall integration costs;
•   paying a reimbursement fee of a$25.5 million if the recall agreement is terminated in certain circumstances; and
•   paying a reimbursement fee of a$76.5 million if the recall agreement is terminated due to our inability to obtain the necessary antitrust/competition approvals required to consummate the recall transaction.
in addition, we could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the recall transaction or seeking to require us to perform our obligations under the recall agreement.
the exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted in the event of any change in either recall's share price or our stock price.
subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the recall agreement, after the effective date of the scheme and upon the completion of the recall transaction, each outstanding ordinary share of recall will be transferred to us in exchange for the australian dollar equivalent of us$0.50 in cash for each outstanding share of recall common stock (the "cash supplement") as well as either (1) 0.1722 of a newly issued share of our common stock or (2) 8.50 australian dollars less the australian dollar equivalent of us$0.50 in cash for each recall share (the "cash election"). the cash election is subject to a proration mechanism that will cap the total amount of cash paid to recall shareholders electing the cash election at 225.0 million australian dollars (the "cash election cap"). the exchange ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted for changes in the market price of either recall shares or our shares. changes in the price of our shares prior to completion of the scheme may affect the market value that holders of recall shares will receive on the date of the effective time for the scheme. share price changes may result from a variety of factors (many of which are beyond our or recall's control).
if the share price of our common stock increases before the closing of the recall transaction, recall shareholders will receive shares of our common stock that have a market value that is greater than the current market value of such shares. alternatively, if the share price of our common stock decreases before the closing of the recall transaction, recall shareholders will receive shares of our common stock that have a market value that is less than the current market value of such shares. therefore, because the exchange ratio is fixed, prior to the closing of the recall transaction, our stockholders and recall shareholders cannot be sure of the market value of the share consideration that will be paid to recall shareholders upon completion of the recall transaction.
13
obtaining required governmental and court approvals necessary to satisfy closing conditions may delay or prevent completion of the recall transaction or may impose material terms and conditions, including asset divestitures, which could negatively impact our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of the recall transaction.
completion of the recall transaction is conditioned upon the receipt of certain governmental authorizations, consents, orders or other approvals, including (i) approvals, clearances, filings or expiration or termination of waiting periods required in relation to the recall transaction under antitrust laws of australia, canada, the united states, and the united kingdom and (ii) approval by the sydney federal court (or such other competent court agreed to by us and recall). in the recall agreement, we agreed to offer, negotiate and agree to divestitures and/or similar restraints with respect to our or recall's businesses, services or assets, except that we are not required to agree to divestitures or similar restraints with respect to our assets or recall's records management businesses in the united states and canada that, in the aggregate, generated more than us$30.0 million in revenues during the twelve-month period prior to the date of the recall agreement (the "divestiture threshold"). no assurance can be given that the antitrust/competition approvals will be obtained. in the event that the recall agreement is terminated as a result of the failure to obtain the antitrust/competition approvals, subject to certain limited exceptions, we will be obligated to pay recall a reimbursement fee of a$76.5 million.
antitrust/competition approval, if obtained, is likely to be conditioned on the divestiture of certain assets in australia, canada, the united states and/or the united kingdom, including the divestiture of assets in the united states and canada that, in the aggregate, may exceed the divestiture threshold. if we divest more assets than we anticipated when we entered into the recall agreement, the benefits that we originally expected to realize from the recall transaction could be reduced. moreover, to the extent that the current price of our common stock reflects an assumption that asset divestitures will be less than what may ultimately be required by antitrust/competition agencies in australia, canada, the united states and/or the united kingdom in order to consummate the recall transaction, the price per share for our common stock could be negatively impacted.
following the recall transaction, our exposure to foreign exchange translation risk will be increased.
we are currently subject to foreign exchange translation risk because we conduct business operations in several foreign countries through our foreign subsidiaries or affiliates, which conduct business in their respective local currencies. recall conducts a significant portion of its operations outside of the united states through its foreign subsidiaries or affiliates, which also operate in their respective local currencies. therefore, following the completion of the recall transaction, our international operations will account for a more significant portion of our overall operations than they do presently. because our financial statements will continue to be presented in united states dollars subsequent to the recall transaction, the local currencies will be translated into united states dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. the results of operations of, and certain of our intercompany balances associated with, our international storage and information management services businesses will continue to be exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and due to the recall transaction, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations will increase. upon translation, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and significant shifts in foreign currencies can impact our short-term results, as well as our long-term forecasts and targets.
in certain circumstances, if the recall agreement is terminated without any payment of a termination payment by recall, we may not be fully reimbursed for our out of pocket expenses.
under the recall agreement, recall would be required to reimburse us for our reasonable, documented out of pocket expenses actually incurred in connection with the recall transaction up to a maximum of $5.0 million if (i) the recall board of directors withdraws or adversely modifies its recommendation that recall shareholders vote in favor of the resolution to approve the recall transaction as a result of the report of the independent expert opining that the recall transaction is not in the best interests of recall's shareholders (other than where the reason for such opinion is a recall competing transaction) and (ii) the recall agreement is terminated by recall or us prior to the recall shareholders meeting. given that such reimbursed expenses cannot exceed $5.0 million, we may not be fully reimbursed for our out of pocket expenses in the event of such a termination.
our due diligence of recall may have failed to identify key issues that could have an adverse effect on our performance and financial condition.
before executing the recall agreement, we and recall undertook a period of mutual due diligence for the purpose of negotiating the terms of the recall transaction. although we and recall decided to proceed with the recall transaction following that due diligence exercise, there is a risk that the due diligence undertaken was insufficient or failed to identify key issues. furthermore, after implementation of the recall transaction, we will be subject to any unknown liabilities of recall which could have an adverse effect on our performance and financial condition.
14
we will guarantee certain obligations of recall to brambles relating to brambles' prior demerger transaction.
on december 18, 2013, brambles limited, an australian corporation ("brambles"), implemented a demerger transaction by way of a distribution of shares of recall to brambles' shareholders (the "demerger"). prior to and in connection with the demerger, brambles spun off certain of its united states and canadian subsidiaries, directly or indirectly, to recall. such spin-offs were intended to be tax-free or tax-deferred under united states and canadian tax laws, respectively, and brambles obtained rulings from the irs (with respect to the united states spin-off) and the canada revenue agency (with respect to the canadian spin-off), as well as opinions of its tax advisors, to such effect. however, the tax-free status of the spin-off of such united states subsidiaries could be adversely affected under certain circumstances if a 50% or greater interest in such united states subsidiaries were acquired as part of a plan or series of related transactions that included such spin-off. similarly, the tax-deferred status of the spin-off of the canadian subsidiaries could be adversely affected under certain circumstances if control of such subsidiaries were acquired as part of a series of transactions or events that included such spin-off.
in connection with the demerger, recall agreed to indemnify brambles and certain of its affiliates for taxes to the extent that actions by recall (e.g., an acquisition of recall shares) resulted in the united states spin-off or the canadian spin-off described above failing to qualify as tax-free or tax-deferred for united states or canadian tax purposes, respectively. in addition, recall agreed, among other things, that it would not, within two years of the 2013 spin-offs, enter into a proposed acquisition transaction, merger or consolidation (with respect to the united states spin-off) or take any action that could reasonably be expected to jeopardize, directly or indirectly, any of the conclusions reached in the canadian tax ruling or opinion, without obtaining either a supplemental tax ruling from the relevant taxing authority, the consent of brambles or an opinion of a tax advisor, acceptable to brambles in its reasonable discretion, that such transaction should not result in the spin-offs failing to be tax-free under united states federal income tax law or canadian tax law, respectively. recall has obtained or intends to obtain such tax opinions, based on, among other things, representations and warranties made by recall and us. such opinions, once accepted by brambles, do not affect recall's obligation to indemnify brambles for an adverse impact on the tax-free status of such prior spin-offs. the delivery of those opinions is a condition to our obligation to consummate the recall transaction.
we have agreed, contingent on the consummation of the recall transaction, to guarantee the foregoing indemnification obligations of recall. consistent with the foregoing tax opinions, we believe that the recall transaction is not part of a plan or series of related transactions, or part of a series of transactions or events, that included the united states spin-off or the canadian spin-off, respectively. however, if the irs or the canadian revenue agency were to prevail in asserting a contrary view, we and recall would be liable for the resulting taxes, which could be material.
risks related to us and recall the failure to integrate successfully recall's business with our business in the expected time frame would adversely affect our future results.
the success of the recall transaction will depend, in large part, on our ability to realize the anticipated benefits, including cost savings from combining recall's businesses with ours. to realize these anticipated benefits, our business and recall's must be successfully integrated. this integration will be complex and time-consuming. the failure to integrate successfully and to manage successfully the challenges presented by the integration process may result in us not fully achieving the anticipated benefits of the recall transaction.
potential difficulties that may be encountered in the integration process include the following:
•   challenges and difficulties associated with managing the larger, more complex, combined company;
•   conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures between the entities;
•   integrating personnel from the two entities while maintaining focus on developing, producing and delivering consistent, high quality services;
•   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures;
•   coordinating geographically dispersed organizations;
•   potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the recall transaction;
•   performance shortfalls at one or both of the entities as a result of the diversion of management's attention caused by completing the recall transaction and integrating the entities' operations; and
•   our ability to deliver on our strategy going forward.
15
we will incur adverse tax consequences if the combined company following the recall transaction fails to qualify as a reit for united states federal income tax purposes.
we believe that, following the recall transaction, we will integrate recall's assets and operations in a manner that will allow us to timely satisfy the reit income, asset, and distribution tests applicable to us. however, if we fail to do so, we could jeopardize or lose our qualification for taxation as a reit, particularly if we were ineligible to utilize relief provisions set forth in the code. for any taxable year that we fail to qualify for taxation as a reit, we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to our stockholders in computing our taxable income, and thus would be subject to united states federal and state income tax at the regular corporate rates on all of our united states federal and state taxable income in the manner of a regular corporation. those corporate level taxes would reduce the amount of cash available for distribution to our stockholders or for reinvestment or other purposes, and would adversely affect our earnings. as a result, our failure to qualify for taxation as a reit during any taxable year could have a material adverse effect upon us and our stockholders. furthermore, unless prescribed relief provisions apply, we would not be eligible to elect reit status again until the fifth taxable year that begins after the first year for which we failed to qualify as a reit. finally, even if we are able to utilize relief provisions and thereby avoid disqualification for taxation as a reit, relief provisions typically involve paying a penalty tax in proportion to the severity and duration of the noncompliance with reit requirements, and thus these penalty taxes could be significant in the context of noncompliance stemming from a transaction as large as the recall transaction.
the recall transaction, if completed, will dilute the ownership position of our current stockholders.
if the recall transaction is completed, the recall shareholders are expected to beneficially own a significant percentage of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. consequently, our current stockholders will own a smaller proportion of our common stock than the proportion of common stock they owned before the recall transaction and, as a result, they will have less influence on our management and policies following the recall transaction than they now have on our management and policies.
our and recall's business relationships may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the recall transaction, which could have an adverse effect on our and recall's results of operations, cash flows and financial position and, following the completion of the recall transaction, the combined company.
parties with which we and recall do business may experience uncertainty associated with the recall transaction, including with respect to current or future business relationships with us, recall or the combined company following the completion of the recall transaction. our and recall's relationships may be subject to disruption as customers, suppliers and other persons with whom we and recall have a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with us or recall, as applicable, or consider entering into business relationships with parties other than us or recall. these disruptions could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of us, recall or the combined company following the completion of the recall transaction, including an adverse effect on our ability to realize the expected synergies and other benefits of the recall transaction. the risk, and adverse effect, of any disruption could be exacerbated by a delay in the completion of the recall transaction or the termination of the recall agreement.
risks related to our taxation as a reit if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to tax at corporate income tax rates and will not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders when computing our taxable income.
we have elected to be taxed as a reit commencing with our 2014 taxable year; however, we can provide no assurance that we will remain qualified for taxation as a reit. if we fail to remain qualified as a reit, we will be taxed at corporate income tax rates unless certain relief provisions apply.
qualification for taxation as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), which provisions may change from time to time, to our operations as well as various factual determinations concerning matters and circumstances not entirely within our control. there are limited judicial or administrative interpretations of these provisions.
if, in any taxable year, we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit and are not entitled to relief under the code:
•   we will not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income;
•   we will be subject to federal and state income tax, including any applicable alternative minimum tax, on our taxable income at regular corporate tax rates; and
•   we would not be eligible to elect reit status again until the fifth taxable year that begins after the first year for which we failed to qualify as a reit.
any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce the amount of cash available for other purposes.
16
if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we may need to borrow additional funds or liquidate some investments to pay any additional tax liability. accordingly, funds available for investment and distributions to stockholders could be reduced.
as a reit, failure to make required distributions would subject us to federal corporate income tax.
we expect to continue paying regular quarterly distributions, and, to achieve maximum tax efficiency and retain cash to allow us to make selective discretionary investments, we currently anticipate our typical regular quarterly distributions will be based on a payment of approximately 100% of our reit taxable income; however, the amount, timing and form of our regular quarterly distributions will be determined, and will be subject to adjustment, by our board of directors. to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we are generally required to distribute at least 90% of our reit taxable income (determined without regard to the dividends paid deduction and excluding net capital gain) each year to our stockholders. generally, we expect to distribute all or substantially all of our reit taxable income. if our cash available for distribution falls short of our estimates, we may be unable to maintain distributions that approximate our reit taxable income and may fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit. in addition, our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to fund required distributions as a result of differences in timing between the actual receipt of income and the recognition of income for federal income tax purposes, or the effect of nondeductible expenditures, such as capital expenditures, payments of compensation for which section 162(m) of the code denies a deduction, the creation of reserves or required debt service or amortization payments.
to the extent that we satisfy the 90% distribution requirement but distribute less than 100% of our reit taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income. in addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we distribute to our stockholders for a calendar year is less than the minimum amount specified under the code.
we may be required to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity to satisfy reit distribution requirements, to comply with asset ownership tests or to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives.
in order to meet the reit distribution requirements and maintain our qualification and taxation as a reit, or to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives, we may need to borrow funds, sell assets or raise equity, even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for these borrowings, sales or offerings. any insufficiency of our cash flows to cover our reit distribution requirements could adversely impact our ability to raise short- and long-term debt, to sell assets, or to offer equity securities in order to fund distributions required to maintain our qualification and taxation as a reit. furthermore, the reit distribution requirements may increase the financing we need to fund capital expenditures, future growth and expansion initiatives. this would increase our indebtedness. an increase in our outstanding debt could lead to a downgrade of our credit rating. a downgrade of our credit rating could negatively impact our ability to access credit markets. further, certain of our current debt instruments limit the amount of indebtedness we and our subsidiaries may incur. additional financing, therefore, may be unavailable, more expensive or restricted by the terms of our outstanding indebtedness. for a discussion of risks related to our substantial level of indebtedness, see "risks relating to our indebtedness."
whether we issue equity, at what price and the amount and other terms of any such issuances will depend on many factors, including alternative sources of capital, our then-existing leverage, our need for additional capital, market conditions and other factors beyond our control. if we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities or debt convertible into equity securities, the percentage of stock ownership by our existing stockholders may be reduced. in addition, new equity securities or convertible debt securities could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of our current stockholders, which could substantially decrease the value of our securities owned by them. depending on the share price we are able to obtain, we may have to sell a significant number of shares in order to raise the capital we deem necessary to execute our long-term strategy, and our stockholders may experience dilution in the value of their shares as a result.
in addition, if we fail to comply with specified asset ownership tests applicable to reits as measured at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct such failure within 30 days after the end of the applicable calendar quarter or qualify for statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our qualification for taxation as a reit. as a result, we may be required to liquidate otherwise attractive investments. these actions may reduce our income and amounts available for distribution to our stockholders.
17
legislative or other actions affecting reits could have a negative effect on us or our stockholders.
at any time, the federal income tax laws governing reits or the administrative interpretations of those laws may be amended. federal and state tax laws are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process, the united states internal revenue service (the "irs"), the united states department of the treasury and state taxing authorities. changes to the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations, which may have retroactive application, could adversely affect us. in addition, some of these changes could have a more significant impact on us as compared to other reits due to the nature of our business and our substantial use of taxable reit subsidiaries ("trss"). we cannot predict with certainty whether, when, in what forms, or with what effective dates, the tax laws, regulations and administrative interpretations applicable to us may be changed.
complying with reit requirements may limit our flexibility or cause us to forgo otherwise attractive opportunities.
to remain qualified for taxation as a reit for federal income tax purposes, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the sources of our income, the nature and diversification of our assets and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. thus, compliance with these tests may require us to refrain from certain activities and may hinder our ability to make certain attractive investments, including the purchase of non-reit qualifying operations or assets, the expansion of non-real estate activities, and investments in the businesses to be conducted by our trss, and to that extent limit our opportunities and our flexibility to change our business strategy. furthermore, acquisition opportunities in domestic and international markets may be adversely affected if we need or require the target company to comply with some reit requirements prior to closing.
we conduct a significant portion of our business activities, including our information management services businesses and several of our international operations, through domestic and foreign trss. under the code, no more than 25% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one or more trss and other nonqualifying assets. beginning in our 2018 taxable year, no more than 20% of the value of the assets of a reit may be represented by securities of one more more trss within the overall 25% nonqualifying assets limitation. these limitations may affect our ability to make additional investments in non-reit qualifying operations or assets or in international operations through trss.
as a reit, we are limited in our ability to fund distribution payments using cash generated through our trss.
our ability to receive distributions from our trss is limited by the rules with which we must comply to maintain our qualification for taxation as a reit. in particular, at least 75% of our gross income for each taxable year as a reit must be derived from real estate, which principally includes gross income from providing customers with secure storage space. consequently, no more than 25% of our gross income may consist of dividend income from our trss and other nonqualifying types of income. thus, our ability to receive distributions from our trss may be limited, and may impact our ability to fund distributions to our stockholders using cash flows from our trss. specifically, if our trss become highly profitable, we might become limited in our ability to receive net income from our trss in an amount required to fund distributions to our stockholders commensurate with that profitability.
in addition, a significant amount of our income and cash flows from our trss is generated from our international operations. in many cases, there are local withholding taxes and currency controls that may impact our ability or willingness to repatriate funds to the united states to help satisfy reit distribution requirements.
our extensive use of trss, including for certain of our international operations, may cause us to fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
the net income of our trss is not required to be distributed to us, and income that is not distributed to us generally is not subject to the reit income distribution requirement. however, there may be limitations on our ability to accumulate earnings in our trss and the accumulation or reinvestment of significant earnings in our trss could result in adverse tax treatment. in particular, if the accumulation of cash in our trss causes the fair market value of our securities in our trss and other nonqualifying assets to exceed 25% of the fair market value of our assets, then we will fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit. beginning with our 2018 taxable year, if the accumulation of cash in our trss causes (1) the fair market value of our securities in our trss to exceed 20% of the fair market value of our assets or (2) the fair market value of our securities in our trss and other nonqualifying assets to exceed 25% of the fair market value of our assets, then we will fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
18
our cash distributions are not guaranteed and may fluctuate.
a reit generally is required to distribute at least 90% of its reit taxable income to its stockholders.
our board of directors, in its sole discretion, will determine on a quarterly basis the amount of cash to be distributed to our stockholders based on a number of factors including, but not limited to, our results of operations, cash flow and capital requirements, economic conditions, tax considerations, borrowing capacity and other factors, including debt covenant restrictions that may impose limitations on cash payments, future acquisitions and divestitures, any stock repurchase program and general market demand for our space and services. consequently, our distribution levels may fluctuate.
even if we remain qualified for taxation as a reit, some of our business activities are subject to corporate level income tax and foreign taxes, which will continue to reduce our cash flows, and we will have potential deferred and contingent tax liabilities.
even if we remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we may be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and assets, including alternative minimum taxes, taxes on any undistributed income, and state, local or foreign income, franchise, property and transfer taxes. in addition, we could in certain circumstances be required to pay an excise or penalty tax, which could be significant in amount, in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the code to maintain qualification for taxation as a reit.
our information management services businesses are conducted through wholly owned trss because these activities could generate nonqualifying reit income as currently structured and operated. the income of our domestic trss will continue to be subject to federal and state corporate income taxes. in addition, we and our subsidiaries continue to be subject to foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence, regardless of whether assets are held or operations are conducted through subsidiaries disregarded for federal income tax purposes or trss. any of these taxes would decrease our earnings and our available cash.
we will also be subject to a federal corporate level tax at the highest regular corporate tax rate (currently 35%) on gain recognized from a sale of a reit asset where our basis in the asset is determined by reference to the basis of the asset in the hands of a c corporation (such as (i) an asset that we held as of the effective date of our reit election, that is, january 1, 2014, or (ii) an asset that we hold in a qrs following the liquidation or other conversion of a former trs). this 35% tax is generally applicable to any disposition of such an asset during the five-year period after the date we first owned the asset as a reit asset (e.g., january 1, 2014 in the case of reit assets we held at the time of our reit conversion), to the extent of the built-in-gain based on the fair market value of such asset on the date we first held the asset as a reit asset. in addition, depreciation recapture income that we expect to recognize in connection with the recall transaction as a result of accounting method changes that we will make will be fully subject to this 35% tax.
in addition, the irs and any state or local tax authority may successfully assert liabilities against us for corporate income taxes for our pre-reit period, in which case we will owe these taxes plus applicable interest and penalties, if any. moreover, any increase in taxable income for these pre-reit periods will likely result in an increase in pre-reit accumulated earnings and profits, which could cause us to pay an additional taxable distribution to our stockholders after the relevant determination.
complying with reit requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and increase the cost of our hedging and may cause us to incur tax liabilities.
the reit provisions of the code limit our ability to hedge assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. generally, income from hedging transactions that we enter into to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets and income from certain currency hedging transactions related to our non-united states operations, as well as income from qualifying counteracting hedges do not constitute "gross income" for purposes of the reit gross income tests. to the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as nonqualifying income for purposes of the reit gross income tests. as a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through our trss. this could increase the cost of our hedging activities because our trss would be subject to tax on income or gains resulting from hedges entered into by them or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates or exchange rates than we would otherwise want to bear. in addition, hedging losses in any of our trss generally will not provide any tax benefit, except for being carried forward for possible use against future taxable income in the trss.
19
we have limited experience operating as a reit, which may adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, per share trading price of our common stock, ability to forecast dividends and ability to satisfy debt service obligations.
we began operating as a reit on january 1, 2014 and, as such, have limited operating history as a reit. in addition, prior to january 1, 2014 our senior management team had no prior experience operating a reit. we can provide no assurance that our past experience has sufficiently prepared us to operate successfully as a reit. our inability to operate successfully as a reit, including the failure to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
distributions payable by reits generally do not qualify for preferential tax rates.
qualifying distributions payable by corporations to individuals, trusts and estates that are united states stockholders are currently eligible for federal income tax at preferential rates. distributions payable by reits, in contrast, generally are not eligible for the preferential rates. the preferential rates applicable to regular corporate distributions could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stock of non-reit corporations that pay distributions, which could adversely affect the value of the stock of reits, including our common stock.
the ownership and transfer restrictions contained in our certificate of incorporation may not protect our qualification for taxation as a reit, could have unintended antitakeover effects and may prevent our stockholders from receiving a takeover premium.
in order for us to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, no more than 50% of the value of outstanding shares of our capital stock may be owned, beneficially or constructively, by five or fewer individuals at any time during the last half of each taxable year other than the first year for which we elect to be taxed as a reit. in addition, rents from "affiliated tenants" will not qualify as qualifying reit income if we own 10% or more by vote or value of the customer, whether directly or after application of attribution rules under the code. subject to certain exceptions, our certificate of incorporation prohibits any stockholder from owning, beneficially or constructively, more than (i) 9.8% in value of the outstanding shares of all classes or series of our capital stock or (ii) 9.8% in value or number, whichever is more restrictive, of the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock. we refer to these restrictions collectively as the "ownership limits" and we included them in our certificate of incorporation to facilitate our compliance with reit tax rules. the constructive ownership rules under the code are complex and may cause the outstanding stock owned by a group of related individuals or entities to be deemed to be constructively owned by one individual or entity. as a result, the acquisition of less than 9.8% of our outstanding common stock (or the outstanding shares of any class or series of our capital stock) by an individual or entity could cause that individual or entity or another individual or entity to own constructively in excess of the relevant ownership limits. any attempt to own or transfer shares of our common stock or of any of our other capital stock in violation of these restrictions may result in the shares being automatically transferred to a charitable trust or may be void. even though our certificate of incorporation contains the ownership limits, there can be no assurance that these provisions will be effective to prevent our qualification for taxation as a reit from being jeopardized, including under the affiliated tenant rule. furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will be able to monitor and enforce the ownership limits. if the restrictions in our certificate of incorporation are not effective and as a result we fail to satisfy the reit tax rules described above, then absent an applicable relief provision, we will fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit.
in addition, the ownership and transfer restrictions could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might involve a premium price for our stock or otherwise be in the best interest of our stockholders. as a result, the overall effect of the ownership and transfer restrictions may be to render more difficult or discourage any attempt to acquire us, even if such acquisition may be favorable to the interests of our stockholders.
the ability of our board of directors to change our major policies without the consent of stockholders may not be in the interest of our stockholders.
our board of directors determines our major policies, including policies and guidelines relating to our investments, acquisitions, leverage, financing, growth, operations and distributions to our stockholders. our board of directors may amend or revise these and other policies and guidelines from time to time without the vote or consent of our stockholders. accordingly, our stockholders will have limited control over changes in our policies, and any such changes could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, the market price of our common stock and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders.
20
operational risks our customers may shift from paper and tape storage to alternative technologies that require less physical space.
we derive most of our revenues from rental fees for the storage of physical records and computer backup tapes and from storage related services. alternative storage technologies exist, many of which require significantly less space than physical records and tapes, and as alternative technologies are adopted, storage related services may decline as the physical records or tapes we store become less active and more archived. we can provide no assurance that our customers will continue to store most or a portion of their records as paper documents or in tape format. the adoption of alternative technologies may also result in decreased demand for services related to the paper documents and tapes we store. a significant shift by our customers to storage of data through non-paper or tape-based technologies, whether now existing or developed in the future, could adversely affect our businesses.
as stored records become less active our service revenue growth and profitability may decline.
our records management service revenue growth is being negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records are becoming less active. the amount of information available to customers through the internet or their own information systems has been steadily increasing in recent years. as a result, while we continue to experience growth in storage rental, our customers are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records, thereby reducing their service activity levels. at the same time many of our costs related to records related services remain fixed. in addition, our reputation for providing secure information storage is critical to our success, and actions to manage cost structure, such as outsourcing certain transportation, security or other functions, could negatively impact our reputation and adversely affect our business. ultimately, if we are unable to appropriately align our cost structure with decreased levels of service revenue, our operating results could be adversely affected.
changes in customer behavior with respect to document destruction and pricing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we have experienced pricing pressure in recent years as some customers have become more cost conscious with respect to their information management expenditures. some customers have taken actions designed to reduce costs associated with the retention of documents, including reducing the volume of documents they store and adopting more aggressive destruction practices. if we are unable to increase pricing over time, or if rates of destruction of documents stored with us increase substantially, particularly in our developed and slower growing markets, our financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
21
governmental and customer focus on data security could increase our costs of operations. we may not be able to fully offset these costs through increases in our rates. incidents in which we fail to protect our customers' information against security breaches could result in monetary damages against us and could otherwise damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations. in addition, if we fail to protect our own information, including information about our employees, we could experience significant costs and expenses as well as damage to our reputation.
in reaction to publicized incidents in which electronically stored information has been lost, illegally accessed or stolen, almost all states in the united states have adopted breach of data security statutes or regulations that require notification to consumers if the security of their personal information is breached, and, in 2015, many states expanded the scope of their data breach notifications laws and shortened notification timelines. some states in the united states have adopted regulations requiring every company that maintains or stores personal information to adopt a comprehensive written information security program. in addition, certain united states federal laws and regulations affecting financial institutions, health care providers and plans and others impose requirements regarding the privacy and security of information maintained by those institutions as well as notification to persons whose personal information is accessed by an unauthorized third party. some of these laws and regulations provide for civil fines in certain circumstances and require the adoption and maintenance of privacy and information security programs; our failure to be in compliance with any such programs may adversely affect our business. continued governmental focus on data security may lead to additional legislative action in the united states. for example, the 114th congress has considered and will likely consider legislation that would expand the federal data breach notification requirement beyond the financial and medical fields.
also, an increasing number of countries have introduced and/or increased enforcement of comprehensive privacy laws, or are expected to do so. in europe, a new data protection regulation will likely come into effect in 2018 and will supersede directive 95/46/ec, which has governed the processing of personal data since 1995. the new regulation will enhance the security and privacy obligations of entities, such as iron mountain, that process data of residents of members of the european economic area and substantially increase penalties for violations. in addition, the european court of justice has invalidated a decision of the european commission that permitted our european affiliates and our european customers to transfer personal data to entities in the united states that are certified under the eu-us safe harbor framework. this decision, a failure of the european union and the united states to agree on a new safe-harbor framework, the new regulation and laws in other countries that restrict the export of personal data may result in more customers demanding local solutions, which would increase our it infrastructure, maintenance and support costs.
the continued emphasis on information security as well as increasing concerns about government surveillance may lead customers to request that we take additional measures to enhance security and assume higher liability under our contracts. we have experienced incidents in which customers' backup tapes or other records have been lost, and we have been informed by customers that some of the incidents involved the loss of personal information, resulting in monetary costs to those customers for which we have provided reimbursement. as a result of legislative initiatives and client demands, we may have to modify our operations with the goal of further improving data security. any such modifications may result in increased expenses and operating complexity, and we may be unable to increase the rates we charge for our services sufficiently to offset any increased expenses.
in addition to increases in the costs of operations or potential liability that may result from a heightened focus on data security or losses of information, our reputation may be damaged by any compromise of security, accidental loss or theft of our own records, or information that we maintain with respect to our employees, as well as customer data in our possession. we believe that establishing and maintaining a good reputation is critical to attracting and retaining customers. if our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
changing fire and safety standards may result in significant expense in certain jurisdictions.
as of december 31, 2015, we operated 1,046 records management, off-site data protection and fine art storage facilities worldwide, including 575 in the united states. many of these facilities were built and outfitted by third parties and added to our real estate portfolio as part of acquisitions. some of these facilities contain fire suppression and safety features that are different from our current specifications and current standards for new facilities although we believe all of our facilities were constructed, in all material respects, in compliance with laws and regulations in effect at the time of their construction or outfitting. in some instances local authorities having jurisdiction may take the position that our fire suppression and safety features in a particular facility are insufficient and require additional measures that may involve considerable expense to us. in addition, where we determine that the fire suppression and safety features of a facility require improvement, we will develop and implement a plan to remediate the issue, although implementation may require an extended period to complete. if additional fire safety and suppression measures beyond our current operating plan were required at a large number of our facilities, the expense required for compliance could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
22
our customer contracts may not always limit our liability and may sometimes contain terms that could lead to disputes in contract interpretation.
our customer contracts typically contain provisions limiting our liability with respect to loss or destruction of, or damage to, records or information stored with us. our liability under physical storage contracts is often limited to a nominal fixed amount per item or unit of storage, such as per cubic foot and our liability under our dms and other service contracts is often limited to a percentage of annual revenue under the contract; however, some of our contracts with large volume accounts and some of the contracts assumed in our acquisitions contain no such limits or contain higher limits. we cannot provide assurance that where we have limitation of liability provisions they will be enforceable in all instances or, if enforceable, that they would otherwise protect us from liability. in addition to provisions limiting our liability, our standard storage rental and service contracts include a schedule setting forth the majority of the customer-specific terms, including storage rental and service pricing and service delivery terms. our customers may dispute the interpretation of various provisions in their contracts. in the past, we have had relatively few disputes with our customers with regard to the terms of their customer contracts, and most disputes to date have not been material, but we can provide no assurance that we will not have material disputes in the future. although we maintain a comprehensive insurance program, we can provide no assurance that we will be able to maintain insurance policies on acceptable terms in order to cover losses to us in connection with customer contract disputes.
failure to comply with certain regulatory and contractual requirements under our united states government contracts could adversely affect our revenues, operating results and financial position.
selling our services to the united states government subjects us to certain regulatory and contractual requirements. failure to comply with these requirements could subject us to investigations, price reductions, up to treble damages, and civil penalties. noncompliance with certain regulatory and contractual requirements could also result in us being suspended or barred from future united states government contracting. we may also face private derivative securities claims as a result of adverse government actions. any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial position and reputation.
international operations may pose unique risks.
as of december 31, 2015, we provided services in 36 countries outside the united states. as part of our growth strategy, we expect to continue to acquire or invest in storage and information management services businesses in select foreign markets, including countries where we do not currently operate. international operations are subject to numerous risks, including:
•   the impact of foreign government regulations and united states regulations that apply to us wherever we operate; in particular, we are subject to united states and foreign anticorruption laws, such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the united kingdom bribery act, and, although we have implemented internal controls, policies and procedures and training to deter prohibited practices, our employees, partners, contractors or agents may violate or circumvent such policies and the law;
•   the volatility of certain foreign economies in which we operate;
•   political uncertainties;
•   unforeseen liabilities, particularly within acquired businesses;
•   costs and difficulties associated with managing international operations of varying sizes and scale;
•   the risk that business partners upon whom we depend for technical assistance or management and acquisition expertise in some markets outside of the united states will not perform as expected;
•   difficulties attracting and retaining local management and key employees to operate our business in certain countries;
•   cultural differences and differences in business practices and operating standards; and
•   foreign currency fluctuations.
in particular, our net income, debt balances or leverage can be significantly affected by fluctuations in currencies.
23
we have operations in numerous foreign countries and, as a result, are subject to foreign exchange translation risk, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results.
we conduct business operations in numerous foreign countries through our foreign subsidiaries or affiliates, which operate in their respective local currencies. those local currencies are translated into united states dollars at the applicable exchange rates for inclusion in our consolidated financial statements. the results of operations of, and certain of our debt balances (including intercompany debt balances) associated with, our international storage and information management services businesses are exposed to foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and as we have expanded our international operations, our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations has increased. upon translation, operating results may differ materially from expectations, and significant shifts in foreign currencies can impact our short-term results, as well as our long-term forecasts and targets. in addition, because we intend to distribute 100% of our reit taxable income to our stockholders, and any exchange rate fluctuations may negatively impact our reit taxable income, our distribution amounts (including the classification of our distributions as nonqualified ordinary dividends, qualified ordinary dividends or return of capital, as described more fully in "item 5. market registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" included in this annual report) may fluctuate as a result of exchange rate fluctuations.
we may be subject to certain costs and potential liabilities associated with the real estate required for our business.
because our business is heavily dependent on real estate, we face special risks attributable to the real estate we own or lease. such risks include:
•   acquisition and occupancy costs that make it difficult to meet anticipated margins and difficulty locating suitable facilities due to a relatively small number of available buildings having the desired characteristics in some real estate markets;
•   uninsured losses or damage to our storage facilities due to an inability to obtain full coverage on a cost-effective basis for some casualties, such as fires, earthquakes, or any coverage for certain losses, such as losses from riots or terrorist activities;
•   inability to use our real estate holdings effectively and costs associated with vacating or consolidating facilities if the demand for physical storage were to diminish; and
•   liability under environmental laws for the costs of investigation and cleanup of contaminated real estate owned or leased by us, whether or not (i) we know of, or were responsible for, the contamination, or (ii) the contamination occurred while we owned or leased the property.
some of our current and formerly owned or leased properties were previously used by entities other than us for industrial or other purposes, or were affected by waste generated from nearby properties, that involved the use, storage, generation and/or disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, including petroleum products. in some instances this prior use involved the operation of underground storage tanks or the presence of asbestos-containing materials. where we are aware of environmental conditions that require remediation, we undertake appropriate activity, in accordance with all legal requirements. although we have from time to time conducted limited environmental investigations and remedial activities at some of our former and current facilities, we have not undertaken an in-depth environmental review of all of our properties. we therefore may be potentially liable for environmental costs like those discussed above and may be unable to sell, rent, mortgage or use contaminated real estate owned or leased by us. environmental conditions for which we might be liable may also exist at properties that we may acquire in the future. in addition, future regulatory action and environmental laws may impose costs for environmental compliance that do not exist today.
unexpected events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.
unexpected events, including fires or explosions at our facilities, natural disasters such as hurricanes and earthquakes, war or terrorist activities, unplanned power outages, supply disruptions and failure of equipment or systems, could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. our customers rely on us to securely store and timely retrieve their critical information, and these events could result in customer service disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities and the information stored in those facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems, each of which could negatively impact our reputation and results of operations. during the past several years we have seen an increase in severe storms and hurricanes and our key facilities in florida and other coastal areas in particular are subject to this inherent risk.
24
damage to our reputation could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our reputation for providing highly secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. our reputation or brand, and specifically, the trust our customers place in us, could be negatively impacted in the event of perceived or actual failures by us to store information securely. for example, events such as fires, natural disasters, attacks on our information technology systems or security breaches involving us could negatively impact our reputation, particularly if such incidents result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation. damage to our reputation could make us less competitive, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
fluctuations in commodity prices may affect our operating revenues and results of operations.
our operating revenues and results of operations are impacted by significant changes in commodity prices. in particular, our secure shredding operations generate revenue from the sale of shredded paper to recyclers. we generate additional revenue through a customer surcharge when the price of diesel fuel rises above certain predetermined rates. as a result, significant declines in paper and diesel fuel prices may negatively impact our revenues and results of operations, and increases in other commodity prices, including steel, may negatively impact our results of operations.
attacks on our internal information technology systems could damage our reputation, harm our businesses and adversely impact our results of operations.
our reputation for providing secure information storage to customers is critical to the success of our business. we have previously faced attempts by unauthorized users to gain access to our information technology systems and expect to continue to face such attempts. although we seek to prevent, detect and investigate these security incidents and have taken steps to prevent such security breaches, our information technology and network infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breaches due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. a successful breach of the security of our information technology systems could lead to theft or misuse of our customers' proprietary or confidential information and result in third party claims against us and reputational harm. if our reputation is damaged, we may become less competitive, which could negatively impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations.
we may be subject to claims that our technology violates the intellectual property rights of a third party.
third parties may have legal rights (including ownership of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and copyrights) to ideas, materials, processes, names or original works that are the same or similar to those we use. third parties have in the past, and may in the future, bring claims, or threaten to bring claims, against us that allege that their intellectual property rights are being infringed or violated by our use of intellectual property. litigation or threatened litigation could be costly and distract our senior management from operating our business. further, if we cannot establish our right or obtain the right to use the intellectual property on reasonable terms, we may be required to develop alternative intellectual property at our expense to mitigate potential harm.
we face competition for customers.
we compete with multiple storage and information management services providers in all geographic areas where we operate; our current or potential customers may choose to use those competitors instead of us. we also compete, in some of our business lines, with our current and potential customers' internal storage and information management services capabilities. these organizations may not begin or continue to use us for their future storage and information management service needs.
25
risks related to our indebtedness our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our various debt instruments.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness. as of december 31, 2015, our total long-term debt was approximately $4.90 billion. our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences to our current and potential investors. these risks include:
•   inability to satisfy our obligations with respect to our various debt instruments;
•   inability to adjust to adverse economic conditions;
•   inability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements, including possible required repurchases of our various indebtedness;
•   limits on our distributions to stockholders; in this regard if these limits prevented us from satisfying our reit distribution requirements, we could fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit or, if these limits do not jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a reit but do nevertheless prevent us from distributing 100% of our reit taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax, and potentially a nondeductible excise tax, on the retained amounts;
•   limits on our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the information management services industry;
•   limits on future borrowings under our existing or future credit arrangements, which could affect our ability to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs;
•   inability to generate sufficient funds to cover required interest payments; and
•   restrictions on our ability to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms.
restrictive debt covenants may limit our ability to pursue our growth strategy.
our credit agreement (as defined below) and our indentures contain covenants restricting or limiting our ability to, among other things:
•   incur additional indebtedness;
•   pay dividends or make other restricted payments;
•   make asset dispositions;
•   create or permit liens; and
•   make acquisitions and other investments.
these restrictions may adversely affect our ability to pursue our acquisition and other growth strategies.
we may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to finance the repurchase of outstanding senior or senior subordinated notes upon a change of control event as required by our indentures.
upon the occurrence of a "change of control", we will be required to offer to repurchase all outstanding senior or senior subordinated notes. however, it is possible that we will not have sufficient funds at the time of the change of control to make the required repurchase of the notes or that restrictions in our credit agreement will not allow such repurchases. certain important corporate events, however, such as leveraged recapitalizations that would increase the level of our indebtedness, would not constitute a "change of control" under our indentures.
iron mountain is a holding company, and, therefore, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations depends in part on the operations of our subsidiaries.
iron mountain is a holding company; substantially all of our assets consist of the stock of our subsidiaries, and substantially all of our operations are conducted by our direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries. as a result, our ability to make payments on our various debt obligations will be dependent upon the receipt of sufficient funds from our subsidiaries. however, our various debt obligations are guaranteed, on a joint and several and full and unconditional basis, by our direct and indirect wholly owned united states subsidiaries, that represent the substantial majority of our united states operations.
26
acquisition and expansion risks elements of our strategic growth plan involve inherent risks.
as part of our strategic growth plan, we expect to invest in new business strategies, products, services, technologies and geographies, including abos, and we may selectively divest certain businesses. these initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, insufficient revenues to offset expenses and liabilities associated with new investments, inadequate return of capital on these investments and the inability to attract, develop and retain skilled employees to lead and support new initiatives. for example, in 2013 we expanded our entry into the data center market by leasing wholesale and retail colocation space in our underground facility in pennsylvania, and in 2014 we opened our first regional data center in massachusetts, each of which required a significant capital commitment. many of these new ventures are inherently risky and we can provide no assurance that such strategies and offerings will be successful in achieving the desired returns within a reasonable timeframe, if at all, and that they will not adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results.
failure to manage our growth may impact operating results.
if we succeed in expanding our existing businesses, or in moving into new areas of business, that expansion may place increased demands on our management, operating systems, internal controls and financial and physical resources. if not managed effectively, these increased demands may adversely affect the services we provide to customers. in addition, our personnel, systems, procedures and controls may be inadequate to support future operations, particularly with respect to operations in countries outside of the united states or in new lines of business. consequently, in order to manage growth effectively, we may be required to increase expenditures to increase our physical resources, expand, train and manage our employee base, improve management, financial and information systems and controls, or make other capital expenditures. our results of operations and financial condition could be harmed if we encounter difficulties in effectively managing the budgeting, forecasting and other process control issues presented by future growth.
failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses could negatively impact our balance sheet and results of operations.
strategic acquisitions are an important element of our growth strategy and the success of any acquisition we make depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired business and realize anticipated synergies. the process of integrating acquired businesses, particularly in new markets, may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. we can give no assurance that we will ultimately be able to effectively integrate and manage the operations of any acquired business or realize anticipated synergies. the failure to successfully integrate the cultures, operating systems, procedures and information technologies of an acquired business could have a material adverse effect on our balance sheet and results of operations.
we may be unable to continue our international expansion.
an important part of our growth strategy involves expanding operations in international markets, including in markets where we currently do not operate, and we expect to continue this expansion. europe, latin america and australia have been our primary areas of focus for international expansion, and we have expanded into the asia pacific region to a lesser extent. we have entered into joint ventures and have acquired all or a majority of the equity in storage and information management services businesses operating in these areas and may acquire other storage and information management services businesses in the future, including in new countries/markets where we currently do not operate.
this growth strategy involves risks. we may be unable to pursue this strategy in the future at the desired pace or at all. for example, we may be unable to:
•   identify suitable companies to acquire or invest in;
•   complete acquisitions on satisfactory terms;
•   successfully expand our infrastructure and sales force to support growth;
•   achieve satisfactory returns on acquired companies, particularly in countries where we do not currently operate;
•   incur additional debt necessary to acquire suitable companies if we are unable to pay the purchase price out of working capital, common stock or other equity securities; or
•   enter into successful business arrangements for technical assistance or management expertise outside of the united states.
27
we also compete with other storage and information management services providers for companies to acquire. some of our competitors may possess substantial financial and other resources. if any such competitor were to devote additional resources to pursue such acquisition candidates or focus its strategy on our international markets, the purchase price for potential acquisitions or investments could rise, competition in international markets could increase and our results of operations could be adversely affected.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.
the following discussion should be read in conjunction with "item 6. selected financial data" and the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other financial and operating information included elsewhere in this annual report.
this discussion contains "forward-looking statements" as that term is defined in the private securities litigation reform act of 1995 and in other securities laws. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" on page iii of this annual report and "item 1a. risk factors" beginning on page 12 of this annual report.
overview proposed recall acquisition on june 8, 2015, we entered into the recall agreement with recall to acquire recall by way of the scheme. under the terms of the recall agreement, recall shareholders are entitled to receive the cash supplement as well as either (1) 0.1722 shares of our common stock for each recall share or (2) the cash election. the cash election is subject to the cash election cap. amounts paid to recall shareholders that represent the cash supplement are excluded from the calculation of the cash election cap. assuming a sufficient number of recall shareholders elect the cash election such that we pay the cash election cap, we expect to issue approximately 50.7 million shares of our common stock and, based on the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the australian dollar as of february 19, 2016, pay approximately us$323.0 million to recall shareholders in connection with the recall transaction which, based on the closing price of our common stock as of february 19, 2016, would result in a total purchase price to recall shareholders of approximately $1,791.0 million. completion of the scheme is subject to customary closing conditions, including among others, (i) approval by recall shareholders of the scheme by the requisite majority under the australian corporations act, (ii) expiration or earlier termination of any applicable waiting period and receipt of regulatory consents, approvals and clearances, in each case, under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended, and under relevant antitrust/competition and foreign investment legislation in other relevant jurisdictions, (iii) the absence of any final, non-appealable order, decree or law preventing, making illegal or prohibiting the completion of the recall transaction, (iv) approval from the nyse to the listing of additional shares of our common stock to be issued in the recall transaction, (v) the establishment of a secondary listing on the asx to allow recall shareholders to trade our common stock via chess depository interests on the asx, (vi) recall's delivery of tax opinions in accordance and in compliance with certain tax matter agreements to which recall is a party and (vii) no events having occurred that would have a material adverse effect on recall or us. we continue to work toward closing of the recall transaction and related integration planning.
we currently estimate total operating and capital expenditures associated with the recall transaction to be approximately $380.0 million, the majority of which is expected to be incurred by the end of 2018. this amount consists of approximately $80.0 million of recall deal close costs and approximately $300.0 million of recall integration costs. of these amounts, approximately $47.1 million was incurred through december 31, 2015 ($24.7 million of recall deal close costs and $22.4 million of recall integration costs), including approximately $47.0 million of operating expenditures and approximately $0.1 million of capital expenditures.
divestitures in december 2014, we divested our secure shredding operations in australia, ireland and the united kingdom (the "international shredding operations") in a stock transaction for approximately $26.2 million of cash at closing. the assets sold primarily consisted of customer contracts and certain long-lived assets. we have concluded that this divestiture did not meet the requirements to be presented as a discontinued operation and, therefore, have recorded a pretax gain on sale in other (income) expense, net of approximately $6.9 million ($10.2 million, inclusive of a tax benefit) in our consolidated statement of operations for the year ended december 31, 2014. revenues from our international shredding operations in 2014 represented less than 1% of our consolidated revenues. the international shredding operations in australia were previously included in the other international business segment and the international shredding operations in ireland and the united kingdom were previously included in the western european business segment.
37
cost optimization plans during the third quarter of 2013, we implemented a plan that called for certain organizational realignments to advance our growth strategy and reduce operating costs (the "organizational restructuring"), which was completed in 2014. as a result of the organizational restructuring, we recorded charges of $23.4 million and $3.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2013 and 2014, respectively, primarily related to employee severance and associated benefits. costs included in our results from operations associated with the organizational restructuring are as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2013                                                                       2014
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)      $3,400                $1,228
selling, general and administrative expenses                 20,000                 2,247
total                                                       $23,400                $3,475
costs recorded by segment associated with the organizational restructuring are as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2013                                                                                         2014
north american records and information management business     $12,600                $1,560
north american data management business                          2,100                   340
western european business                                        2,300                    33
other international business                                     1,400                     -
corporate and other business                                     5,000                 1,542
total                                                          $23,400                $3,475
during the third quarter of 2015, we implemented a plan that calls for certain organizational realignments to reduce our overhead costs, particularly in our developed markets, in order to optimize our selling, general and administrative cost structure and to support investments to advance our growth strategy (the "transformation initiative"), which is expected to be completed by the end of 2017. as a result of the transformation initiative, we recorded charges of $10.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily related to employee severance and associated benefits. costs included in our results from operations associated with the transformation initiative are as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31, 2015
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)             $-
selling, general and administrative expenses                        10,167
total                                                               $10,167
costs recorded by segment associated with the transformation initiative are as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31, 2015
north american records and information management business                        $5,403
north american data management business                      241
western european business                                                          1,537
other international business                                                           -
corporate and other business                                                       2,986
total                                                                            $10,167
38
in the first quarter of 2016, we implemented additional actions associated with our transformation initiative. as a result of these actions, we expect to record a charge of approximately $7.0 million, primarily related to employee severance and associated benefits, and included as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. of this charge, approximately $4.4 million, $0.7 million, $0.1 million and $1.8 million was associated with our north american records and information management business, north american data management business, western european business and corporate and other business segments, respectively.
as we quantify incremental costs associated with future transformation initiative actions to achieve our $125.0 million cost reduction goal, we will disclose the relevant cost estimates and charges in the period that such actions are approved.
general as a result of a realignment in our senior management reporting structure during the first quarter of 2015, we modified our internal financial reporting to better align internal reporting with how we manage our business. these modifications resulted in the separation of our former international business segment into two unique reportable operating segments, which we refer to as (1) western european business segment and (2) other international business segment. also, during the first quarter of 2015, we reassessed the nature of certain costs which were previously being allocated to the north american records and information management business and north american data management business segments. as a result of this reassessment, we determined that certain product management functions, which were previously being performed to solely benefit our north american operating segments, are now being performed in a manner that benefits the enterprise as a whole. accordingly, the costs associated with these product management functions are now included within the corporate and other business segment. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2015, as a result of changes in the senior management of our business in norway, we determined that our norway operations are now being managed as a component of our other international business segment rather than as a component of our western european business segment.
as a result of these changes noted above, previously reported segment information has been restated to conform to the current presentation.
our revenues consist of storage rental revenues as well as service revenues and are reflected net of sales and value added taxes. storage rental revenues, which are considered a key driver of financial performance for the storage and information management services industry, consist primarily of recurring periodic rental charges related to the storage of materials or data (generally on a per unit basis) that are typically retained by customers for many years and technology escrow services that protect and manage source code ("intellectual property management"). service revenues include charges for related service activities, which include: (1) the handling of records, including the addition of new records, temporary removal of records from storage, refiling of removed records and the destruction of records; (2) courier operations, consisting primarily of the pickup and delivery of records upon customer request; (3) secure shredding of sensitive documents and the related sale of recycled paper, the price of which can fluctuate from period to period; (4) other services, including dms, which relate to physical and digital records, and project revenues; (5) customer termination and permanent removal fees; (6) data restoration projects; (7) special project work; (8) the storage, assembly and detailed reporting of customer marketing literature and delivery to sales offices, trade shows and prospective customers' sites based on current and prospective customer orders ("fulfillment services"); (9) consulting services; and (10) other technology services and product sales (including specially designed storage containers and related supplies). our service revenue growth has been negatively impacted by declining activity rates as stored records are becoming less active. while customers continue to store their records with us, they are less likely than they have been in the past to retrieve records for research purposes, thereby reducing service activity levels.
cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) consists primarily of wages and benefits for field personnel, facility occupancy costs (including rent and utilities), transportation expenses (including vehicle leases and fuel), other product cost of sales and other equipment costs and supplies. of these, wages and benefits and facility occupancy costs are the most significant. selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of wages and benefits for management, administrative, information technology, sales, account management and marketing personnel, as well as expenses related to communications and data processing, travel, professional fees, bad debts, training, office equipment and supplies. trends in facility occupancy costs are impacted by the total number of facilities we occupy, the mix of properties we own versus properties we occupy under operating leases, fluctuations in per square foot occupancy costs, and the levels of utilization of these properties. trends in total wages and benefits in dollars and as a percentage of total consolidated revenue are influenced by changes in headcount and compensation levels, achievement of incentive compensation targets, workforce productivity and variability in costs associated with medical insurance and workers' compensation.
the expansion of our international businesses has impacted the major cost of sales components and selling, general and administrative expenses. our international operations are more labor intensive than our operations in north america and, therefore, labor costs are a higher percentage of international segment revenue. in addition, the overhead structure of our
39
expanding international operations has not achieved the same level of overhead leverage as our north american segments, which may result in an increase in selling, general and administrative expenses, as a percentage of consolidated revenue, as our international operations become a more meaningful percentage of our consolidated results.
our depreciation and amortization charges result primarily from the capital-intensive nature of our business. the principal components of depreciation relate to storage systems, which include racking structures, building and leasehold improvements, computer systems hardware and software and buildings. amortization relates primarily to customer relationship acquisition costs and is impacted by the nature and timing of acquisitions.
our consolidated revenues and expenses are subject to variations caused by the net effect of foreign currency translation on revenues and expenses incurred by our entities outside the united states. it is difficult to predict the future fluctuations of foreign currency exchange rates and how those fluctuations will impact our consolidated statement of operations. as a result of the relative size of our international operations, these fluctuations may be material on individual balances. our revenues and expenses from our international operations are generally denominated in the local currency of the country in which they are derived or incurred. therefore, the impact of currency fluctuations on our operating income and operating margin is partially mitigated. in order to provide a framework for assessing how our underlying businesses performed excluding the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, we compare the percentage change in the results from one period to another period in this report using constant currency presentation. the constant currency growth rates are calculated by translating the 2013 results at the 2014 average exchange rates and the 2014 results at the 2015 average exchange rates.
the following table is a comparison of underlying average exchange rates of the foreign currencies that had the most significant impact on our united states dollar-reported revenues and expenses:
average exchangerates for theyear endeddecember 31, percentagestrengthening /(weakening) offoreign currency
2014                                                                                           2015
australian dollar                                                           $0.902                                  $0.753             (16.5   )%
brazilian real                                                              $0.426                                  $0.305             (28.4   )%
british pound sterling                                                      $1.648                                  $1.529              (7.2   )%
canadian dollar                                                             $0.906                                  $0.784             (13.5   )%
euro                                                                        $1.329                                  $1.110             (16.5   )%
average exchangerates for theyear endeddecember 31, percentagestrengthening /(weakening) offoreign currency
2013                                                                                           2014
australian dollar                                                           $0.968                                  $0.902             (6.8   )%
brazilian real                                                              $0.465                                  $0.426             (8.4   )%
british pound sterling                                                      $1.565                                  $1.648              5.3    %
canadian dollar                                                             $0.971                                  $0.906             (6.7   )%
euro                                                                        $1.328                                  $1.329              0.1    %
40
non-gaap measures adjusted oibda adjusted oibda is defined as operating income before depreciation, amortization, intangible impairments, (gain) loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net, recall costs (as defined below) and reit costs (as defined below). adjusted oibda margin is calculated by dividing adjusted oibda by total revenues. we use multiples of current or projected adjusted oibda in conjunction with our discounted cash flow models to determine our estimated overall enterprise valuation and to evaluate acquisition targets. we believe adjusted oibda and adjusted oibda margin provide our current and potential investors with relevant and useful information regarding our ability to generate cash flow to support business investment. these measures are an integral part of the internal reporting system we use to assess and evaluate the operating performance of our business. adjusted oibda does not include certain items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results, specifically: (1) (gain) loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (2) gain on sale of real estate, net of tax; (3) intangible impairments; (4) recall costs (as defined below); (5) reit costs (as defined below); (6) other expense (income), net; (7) income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax; (8) gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax; and (9) net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests.
adjusted oibda also does not include interest expense, net and the provision (benefit) for income taxes. these expenses are associated with our capitalization and tax structures, which we do not consider when evaluating the operating profitability of our core operations. finally, adjusted oibda does not include depreciation and amortization expenses, in order to eliminate the impact of capital investments, which we evaluate by comparing capital expenditures to incremental revenue generated and as a percentage of total revenues. adjusted oibda and adjusted oibda margin should be considered in addition to, but not as a substitute for, other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), such as operating or net income (loss) or cash flows from operating activities from continuing operations (as determined in accordance with gaap).
reconciliation of operating income to adjusted oibda (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2011                                                                                                          2012                                 2013   2014                  2015
operating income                                                                               $566,818              $555,466              $489,247              $549,277              $524,527
add: depreciation and amortization                                                              319,499               316,344               322,037               353,143               345,464
intangible impairments                                                                           46,500                     -                     -                     -                     -
loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net           995                 4,661                   430                 1,065                 3,000
recall costs(1)                                                                                       -                     -                     -                     -                47,014
reit costs(2)                                                                                    15,527                34,446                82,867                22,312                     -
adjusted oibda                                                                                 $949,339              $910,917              $894,581              $925,797              $920,005
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   includes operating expenditures associated with our proposed acquisition of recall, including costs to complete the recall transaction, including advisory and professional fees, as well as costs incurred to integrate recall with our existing operations, including moving, severance, facility upgrade, reit conversion and system upgrade costs ("recall costs").
(2)   includes costs associated with our 2011 proxy contest, costs associated with our conversion to a reit, excluding reit compliance costs beginning january 1, 2014 which we expect to recur in future periods ("reit costs").
adjusted eps adjusted eps is defined as reported earnings per share from continuing operations excluding: (1) (gain) loss on disposal/ write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (2) gain on sale of real estate, net of tax; (3) intangible impairments; (4) recall costs; (5) reit costs; (6) other expense (income), net; and (7) the tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items. we do not believe these excluded items to be indicative of our ongoing operating results, and they are not considered when we are forecasting our future results. we believe adjusted eps is of value to our current and potential investors when comparing our results from past, present and future periods.
41
reconciliation of reported eps-fully diluted from continuing operations to adjusted eps-fully diluted from continuing operations:
year ended december 31,
2011                                                                                                                      2012              2013              2014              2015
reported eps-fully diluted from continuing operations                                              $1.25             $1.04             $0.52             $1.67             $0.59
add: loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net      0.01              0.03                 -              0.01              0.01
gain on sale of real estate, net of tax                                                            (0.01   )             -             (0.01   )         (0.04   )             -
intangible impairments                                                                              0.24                 -                 -                 -                 -
recall costs                                                                                           -                 -                 -                 -              0.22
reit costs                                                                                          0.08              0.20              0.43              0.11                 -
other expense, net                                                                                  0.07              0.09              0.39              0.33              0.46
tax impact of reconciling items and discrete tax items(1)                                           0.21              0.35              0.07             (0.72   )         (0.07   )
adjusted eps-fully diluted from continuing operations                                              $1.85             $1.71             $1.40             $1.36             $1.21
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   adjusted eps for the years ended december 31, 2011, 2012 and 2013 have been restated to reflect a structural tax rate of approximately 15.0%. adjusted eps for the year ended december 31, 2014 reflects a structural tax rate of approximately 14.4%. adjusted eps for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflects a structural tax rate of approximately 16.8%. the structural tax rates reflect the tax impact of the reconciling items above as well as discrete tax items.
42
ffo (nareit) and ffo (normalized)
funds from operations ("ffo") is defined by the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") and us as net income excluding (i) depreciation on real estate assets and (ii) gain on sale of real estate, net of tax ("ffo (nareit)"). ffo (nareit) does not give effect to real estate depreciation because these amounts are computed, under gaap, to allocate the cost of a property over its useful life. because values for well-maintained real estate assets have historically increased or decreased based upon prevailing market conditions, we believe that ffo (nareit) provides investors with a clearer view of our operating performance. our most directly comparable gaap measure to ffo (nareit) is net income. although nareit has published a definition of ffo, modifications to ffo (nareit) are common among reits as companies seek to provide financial measures that most meaningfully reflect their particular business. our definition of ffo (normalized) excludes certain items included in ffo (nareit) that we believe are not indicative of our core operating results, specifically: (1) (gain) loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net; (2) intangible impairments; (3) recall costs; (4) reit costs; (5) other expense (income), net; (6) deferred income taxes and reit tax adjustments; (7) income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax; and (8) gain (loss) on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax.
reconciliation of net income to ffo (nareit) and ffo (normalized) (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                                                                 2015
net income                                                                                          $328,746                  $125,203
add: real estate depreciation(1)                                                                     184,170                   178,800
gain on sale of real estate, net of tax                                                               (8,307     )                (850     )
ffo (nareit)                                                                                         504,609                   303,153
add: loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net         1,065                     3,000
recall costs                                                                                               -                    47,014
reit costs                                                                                            22,312                         -
other expense, net(2)                                                                                 65,187                    98,590
deferred income taxes and reit tax adjustments(3)                                                   (144,154     )              (5,513     )
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                                                            209                         -
ffo (normalized)                                                                                    $449,228                  $446,244
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   includes depreciation expense related to real estate assets (land improvements, buildings, building improvements and racking).
(2)   includes foreign currency transaction gains and losses, net of $58.3 million and $70.9 million in the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively.
(3)   reit tax adjustments primarily include the impact of the repatriation of foreign earnings and accounting method changes related to our reit conversion (including the impact of amended tax returns).
critical accounting policies our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with gaap. the preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and for the period then ended. on an ongoing basis, we evaluate the estimates used. we base our estimates on historical experience, actuarial estimates, current conditions and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. these estimates form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities and are not readily apparent from other sources. actual results may differ from these estimates. our critical accounting policies include the following, which are listed in no particular order:
43
revenue recognition we recognize revenue when the following criteria are met: persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, services have been rendered, the sales price is fixed or determinable and collectability of the resulting receivable is reasonably assured. storage rental and service revenues are recognized in the month the respective storage rental or service is provided, and customers are generally billed on a monthly basis on contractually agreed-upon terms. amounts related to future storage rental or prepaid service contracts for customers where storage rental fees or services are billed in advance are accounted for as deferred revenue and recognized ratably over the period the applicable storage rental or service is provided or performed. revenues from the sales of products, which are included as a component of service revenues, are recognized when products are shipped and title has passed to the customer. revenues from the sales of products have historically not been significant.
accounting for acquisitions part of our growth strategy has included the acquisition by us of numerous businesses. the purchase price of each acquisition has been determined after due diligence of the target business, market research, strategic planning and the forecasting of expected future results and synergies. estimated future results and expected synergies are subject to revisions as we integrate each acquisition and attempt to leverage resources.
each acquisition has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting as defined under the applicable accounting standards at the date of each acquisition. accounting for these acquisitions has resulted in the capitalization of the cost in excess of the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired in each of these acquisitions as goodwill. we estimated the fair values of the assets acquired in each acquisition as of the date of acquisition and these estimates are subject to adjustment based on the final assessments of the fair value of intangible assets (primarily customer relationship intangible assets), property, plant and equipment (primarily racking structures), operating leases, contingencies and income taxes (primarily deferred income taxes). we complete these assessments within one year of the date of acquisition, as we acquire additional information impacting our estimates as of the acquisition date. see note 6 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for a description of recent acquisitions.
determining the fair values of the net assets acquired requires management's judgment and often involves the use of assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates and market data, among other items. due to the inherent uncertainty of future events, actual values of net assets acquired could be different from our estimated fair values and could have a material impact on our financial statements.
of the net assets acquired in our acquisitions, the fair value of owned buildings, customer relationship intangible assets, racking structures and operating leases are generally the most common and most significant. for significant acquisitions or acquisitions involving new markets or new products, we generally use third party appraisals of the fair value of owned buildings, customer relationship intangible assets and market rental rates for acquired operating leases. for acquisitions that are not significant or do not involve new markets or new products, we generally use third party appraisals of fair value for acquired owned buildings and market rental rates for acquired operating leases. when not using third party appraisals of the fair value of acquired net assets, the fair value of acquired customer relationship intangible assets and acquired racking structures is determined internally. the fair value of acquired racking structures is determined internally by taking current replacement cost at the date of acquisition for the quantity of racking structures acquired, discounted to take into account the quality (e.g. age, material and type) of the racking structures. we use discounted cash flow models to determine the fair value of customer relationship intangible assets, which requires a significant amount of judgment by management, including estimating expected lives of the relationships, expected future cash flows and discount rates.
of the key assumptions that impact the estimated fair values of customer relationship intangible assets, the expected future cash flows and discount rate are among the most sensitive and are considered to be critical assumptions. to illustrate the sensitivity of changes in key assumptions used in determining the fair value of customer relationship intangible assets acquired in our most significant acquisition in fiscal year 2015 (crozier), a hypothetical increase of 10% in the expected annual future cash flows attributable to this acquisition, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have increased the calculated fair value of the acquired customer relationship intangible assets for this acquisition by $1.6 million (or 10.0%), with an offsetting decrease to goodwill. a hypothetical decrease of 100 basis points in the discount rate, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have increased the fair value of the acquired customer relationship intangible asset for this acquisition by $0.8 million (or 5.1%), with an offsetting decrease to goodwill.
our estimates of fair value are based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at that time but which are inherently uncertain and unpredictable. assumptions may be incomplete or inaccurate, and unanticipated events and circumstances may occur, which may affect the accuracy of such assumptions.
44
impairment of tangible and intangible assets assets subject to depreciation or amortization: we review long-lived assets and all amortizable intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. examples of events or circumstances that may be indicative of impairment include, but are not limited to:
•   a significant decrease in the market price of an asset;
•   a significant change in the extent or manner in which a long-lived asset is being used or in its physical condition;
•   a significant adverse change in legal factors or in the business climate that could affect the value of the asset;
•   an accumulation of costs significantly greater than the amount originally expected for the acquisition or construction of an asset;
•   a current-period operating or cash flow loss combined with a history of operating or cash flow losses or a projection or forecast that demonstrates continuing losses associated with the use of a long-lived asset; and
•   a current expectation that, more likely than not, an asset will be sold or otherwise disposed of significantly before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
if events indicate the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable, recoverability of these assets is determined by comparing the forecasted undiscounted net cash flows of the operation to which the assets relate to their carrying amount. the operations are generally distinguished by the business segment and geographic region in which they operate. if the operation is determined to be unable to recover the carrying amount of its assets, the long-lived assets are written down, on a pro rata basis, to fair value. fair value is determined based on discounted cash flows or appraised values, depending upon the nature of the assets.
goodwill and intangible assets not subject to amortization: goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are not amortized but are reviewed annually for impairment or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. other than goodwill, we currently have no intangible assets that have indefinite lives and which are not amortized.
we have selected october 1 as our annual goodwill impairment analysis date. we performed our annual goodwill impairment analysis as of october 1, 2013, 2014 and 2015 and concluded that goodwill was not impaired as of those dates. our reporting units, at which level we performed our goodwill impairment analysis as of october 1, 2015, were as follows: (1) north american records and information management (which includes intellectual property management and fulfillment services); (2) north american secure shredding; (3) north american data management; (4) adjacent businesses - data centers (which consists primarily of our data center business in the united states); (5) adjacent businesses - consumer storage (which consists of a consumer storage business with operations in the united states acquired in april 2015); (6) the united kingdom, ireland and norway (the "uki and norway" reporting unit); (7) austria, belgium, france, germany, netherlands, spain and switzerland (the "continental western europe" reporting unit); (8) the remaining countries in europe in which we operate, excluding russia, ukraine and denmark (the "emerging markets - eastern europe" reporting unit); (9) latin america; (10) australia and singapore; (11) china and hong kong (the "greater china" reporting unit); (12) india; and (13) russia, ukraine and denmark. see note 2.g. to notes to consolidated financial statements included in our annual report for a description of our reporting units.
based on our goodwill impairment analysis as of october 1, 2015, all of our reporting units with goodwill had estimated fair values that exceeded their carrying values by greater than 25%. as of december 31, 2015, no factors were identified that would alter our october 1, 2015 goodwill impairment analysis. in making this assessment, we relied on a number of factors including operating results, business plans, anticipated future cash flows, transactions and marketplace data. there are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and our judgment in applying them to the analysis of goodwill impairment. when changes occur in the composition of one or more reporting units, the goodwill is reassigned to the reporting units affected based on their relative fair values.
reporting unit valuations have been determined using a combined approach based on the present value of future cash flows and market multiples of revenues and/or earnings. the income approach incorporates many assumptions including future growth rates, discount factors, expected capital expenditures and income tax cash flows. changes in economic and operating conditions impacting these assumptions could result in goodwill impairments in future periods. in conjunction with our annual goodwill impairment reviews, we reconcile the sum of the valuations of all of our reporting units to our market capitalization as of such dates.
45
although we believe we have sufficient historical and projected information available to us to test for impairment, it is possible that actual results could differ from the estimates used in our impairment tests. of the key assumptions that impact the goodwill impairment test, the expected future cash flows and discount rate are among the most sensitive and are considered to be critical assumptions, as changes to these estimates could have an effect on the estimated fair value of each of our reporting units. we have assessed the sensitivity of these assumptions on each of our reporting units as of october 1, 2015. with respect to all of our reporting units as of october 1, 2015, we noted that, based on the fair value of these reporting units determined as of october 1, 2015, (i) a hypothetical decrease of 10% in the expected annual future cash flows of these reporting units, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have decreased the fair value of these reporting units as of october 1, 2015 by a range of approximately 8.3% to 10.5% but would not, however, have resulted in the carrying value of any of these reporting units with goodwill exceeding their fair value; and (ii) a hypothetical increase of 100 basis points in the discount rate, with all other assumptions unchanged, would have decreased the fair value of these reporting units as of october 1, 2015 by a range of approximately 5.1% to 21.8% but would not, however, have resulted in the carrying value of any of these reporting units with goodwill exceeding their fair value.
income taxes as a reit, we are generally permitted to deduct from our federal taxable income the dividends we pay to our stockholders. the income represented by such dividends is not subject to federal taxation at the entity level but is taxed, if at all, at the stockholder level. the income of our domestic trss, which hold our domestic operations that may not be reit-compliant as currently operated and structured, is subject, as applicable, to federal and state corporate income tax. in addition, we and our subsidiaries continue to be subject to foreign income taxes in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence, regardless of whether assets are held or operations are conducted through subsidiaries disregarded for federal tax purposes or trss. we will also be subject to a separate corporate income tax on any gains recognized during a five-year period following the reit conversion that are attributable to "built-in" gains with respect to the assets that we owned on january 1, 2014. this built-in gains tax has been imposed on our depreciation recapture recognized into income as a result of accounting method changes commenced in our pre-reit period. if we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a reit, we will be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate tax rates. as a reit, we may be subject to some federal, state, local and foreign taxes on our income and property in addition to taxes owed with respect to our trs operations. in particular, while state income tax regimes often parallel the federal income tax regime for reits, many states do not completely follow federal rules and some do not follow them at all.
accounting for income taxes requires the recognition of deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the tax and financial reporting bases of assets and liabilities and for loss and credit carryforwards. we measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to be applied to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences and carryforwards are expected to be recovered or settled. the effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of a change in tax rates is recognized in income in the period that the change is enacted. valuation allowances are provided when recovery of deferred tax assets does not meet the more likely than not standard as defined in gaap. valuation allowances would be reversed as a reduction to the provision for income taxes if related deferred tax assets are deemed realizable based on changes in facts and circumstances relevant to the recoverability of the asset.
we have federal net operating loss carryforwards, which expire in 2021 through 2033, of $70.8 million at december 31, 2015 to reduce future federal taxable income, on which $3.0 million of federal tax benefit is expected to be realized. we can carry forward these net operating losses to the extent we do not utilize them in any given available year. we have state net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2016 through 2034, on which an insignificant state tax benefit is expected to be realized. we have assets for foreign net operating losses of $66.2 million, with various expiration dates (and in some cases no expiration date), subject to a valuation allowance of approximately 91%. if actual results differ unfavorably from certain of our estimates used, we may not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred income tax assets, and additional valuation allowances may be required. although we believe our estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that our estimates reflected in the tax provisions and accruals will equal our actual results. these differences could have a material impact on our income tax provision and operating results in the period in which such determination is made.
the evaluation of an uncertain tax position is a two-step process. the first step is a recognition process whereby we determine whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position. the second step is a measurement process whereby a tax position that meets the more likely than not recognition threshold is calculated to determine the amount of benefit to recognize in the financial statements. the tax position is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement.
46
we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to examination by various tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence. we regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments by tax authorities and provide for these matters as appropriate. as of december 31, 2014 and 2015, we had approximately $56.0 million and $47.7 million, respectively, of reserves related to uncertain tax positions. the reversal of these reserves will be recorded as a reduction of our income tax provision if sustained. although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in changes in our estimates.
we had not previously provided incremental federal and certain state income taxes on net tax over book outside basis differences related to the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries because our intent, prior to our conversion to a reit, was to reinvest our current and future undistributed earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries indefinitely outside the united states. as a result of our conversion to a reit, it is no longer our intent to indefinitely reinvest our current and future undistributed foreign earnings outside the united states, and, therefore, during 2014, we recognized an increase in our tax provision from continuing operations in the amount of $46.4 million, representing incremental federal and state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on such foreign earnings. we continue to provide incremental federal and state income taxes on net book over outside basis differences related to the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries. as a reit, future repatriation of incremental undistributed earnings of our foreign subsidiaries will not be subject to federal or state income tax, with the exception of foreign withholding taxes in limited instances; however, such future repatriations will require distribution in accordance with reit distribution rules, and any such distribution may then be taxable, as appropriate, at the stockholder level.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 2.w. in notes to consolidated financial statements for a description of recently issued accounting pronouncements.
47
results of operations comparison of year ended december 31, 2015 to year ended december 31, 2014 and comparison of year ended december 31, 2014 to year ended december 31, 2013 (in thousands):
year ended december 31, dollarchange            percentagechange
2014                                                                                                      2015
revenues                                                   $3,117,693                         $3,007,976               $(109,717   )          (3.5   )%
operating expenses                                          2,568,416                          2,483,449                 (84,967   )          (3.3   )%
operating income                                              549,277                            524,527                 (24,750   )          (4.5   )%
other expenses, net                                           220,322                            399,324                 179,002       81.2          %
income from continuing operations                             328,955                            125,203                (203,752   )         (61.9   )%
loss from discontinued operations, net of tax                    (209      )                           -                     209            (100.0   )%
net income                                                    328,746                            125,203                (203,543   )         (61.9   )%
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests             2,627                              1,962                    (665   )         (25.3   )%
net income attributable to iron mountain incorporated        $326,119                           $123,241               $(202,878   )         (62.2   )%
adjusted oibda(1)                                            $925,797                           $920,005                 $(5,792   )          (0.6   )%
adjusted oibda margin(1)                                         29.7      %                        30.6     %
year ended december 31, dollarchange            percentagechange
2013                                                                                                       2014
revenues                                                    $3,024,623                         $3,117,693             $93,070               3.1   %
operating expenses                                           2,535,376                          2,568,416              33,040               1.3   %
operating income                                               489,247                            549,277              60,030              12.3   %
other expenses, net                                            390,086                            220,322            (169,764   )         (43.5   )%
income from continuing operations                               99,161                            328,955             229,794             231.7   %
income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax             831                               (209     )        (1,040   )        (125.2   )%
net income                                                      99,992                            328,746             228,754             228.8   %
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests              3,530                              2,627                (903   )         (25.6   )%
net income attributable to iron mountain incorporated          $96,462                           $326,119            $229,657             238.1   %
adjusted oibda(1)                                             $894,581                           $925,797             $31,216               3.5   %
adjusted oibda margin(1)                                          29.6      %                        29.7     %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   see "non-gaap measures-adjusted oibda" in this annual report for the definition, reconciliation and a discussion of why we believe these measures provide relevant and useful information to our current and potential investors.
48
revenues percentage change year ended december 31, dollarchange                actual         constantcurrency(1)            internalgrowth(2)
2014                                    2015
storage rental      $1,860,243                   $1,837,897                     $(22,346           )                     (1.2   )%           4.0     %        2.7    %
service              1,257,450                    1,170,079                     (87,371            )                     (6.9   )%          (0.9    )%       (0.4   )%
total revenues      $3,117,693                   $3,007,976                     $(109,717          )                     (3.5   )%           2.1     %        1.5    %
percentage change year ended december 31, dollarchange                actual         constantcurrency(1)             internalgrowth(2)
2013                                    2014
storage rental      $1,784,721                   $1,860,243                             $75,522                         4.2     %         5.4     %        2.2    %
service              1,239,902                    1,257,450                              17,548                         1.4     %         2.8     %       (0.7   )%
total revenues      $3,024,623                   $3,117,693                             $93,070                         3.1     %         4.3     %        1.0    %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   constant currency growth rates are calculated by translating the 2014 results at the 2015 average exchange rates and the 2013 results at the 2014 average exchange rates.
(2)   our revenue internal growth rate represents the weighted average year-over-year growth rate of our revenues after removing the effects of acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. we calculate revenue internal growth in local currency for our international operations.
consolidated storage rental revenues decreased $22.3 million, or 1.2%, to $1,837.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $1,860.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. in the year ended december 31, 2015, consolidated storage rental internal growth and the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures were offset by unfavorable fluctuations in foreign exchange rates compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 by 5.2%, compared to the same prior year period. this decrease was partially offset by storage rental revenue internal growth of 2.7% in the year ended december 31, 2015, as well as the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures of 1.3% in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. our consolidated storage rental revenue growth in 2015 was driven by sustained storage rental internal growth of 0.1%, 4.2%, 2.7% and 10.8% in our north american records and information management business, north american data management business, western european business and other international business segments, respectively. global records management net volumes at december 31, 2015 increased by 2.3% over the ending volume at december 31, 2014, supported by 6.1% volume increases in our other international business segment. consolidated storage rental revenues increased $75.5 million, or 4.2%, to $1,860.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $1,784.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the reported revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 consists primarily of revenue internal growth of 2.2%. net acquisitions/divestitures contributed 3.2% of the increase in reported storage rental revenues in 2014 over 2013. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported storage rental revenue growth rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 by approximately 1.2%. our consolidated storage rental revenue internal growth in 2014 was driven by sustained storage rental internal growth of 0.3%, 2.3%, 1.9% and 11.6% in our north american records and information management business, north american data management business, western european business and other international business segments, respectively.
49
consolidated service revenues decreased $87.4 million, or 6.9%, to $1,170.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $1,257.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. service revenue internal growth was negative 0.4% for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same prior year period. the negative service revenue internal growth for the year ended december 31, 2015 reflects reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business segment, as well as continued declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment as the storage business becomes more archival in nature. in the north american records and information management business segment, the decline in service activities has begun to stabilize in recent periods, while service revenue declines in the north american data management business segment are reflecting more recent reductions in service activity levels. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported total service revenues by 6.0% in 2015 over 2014. net acquisitions/divestitures decreased reported service revenues by 0.5% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to a $23.7 million reduction in consolidated service revenue associated with the disposition of our international shredding operations. consolidated service revenues increased $17.5 million, or 1.4%, to $1,257.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $1,239.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. in the year ended december 31, 2014, the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures was offset by negative service revenue internal growth and unfavorable fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. net acquisitions/divestitures contributed 3.5% of the increase in reported service revenues in 2014. service revenue internal growth was negative 0.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014. the negative service revenue internal growth for 2014 reflects reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business segment, as well as continued declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment as the storage business becomes more archival in nature. foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased reported service revenues by 1.4% in 2014 over 2013.
for the reasons stated above, our consolidated revenues decreased $109.7 million, or 3.5%, to $3,008.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $3,117.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. for the year ended december 31, 2015, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported consolidated revenues by 5.6%, compared to the same prior year period, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar, brazilian real, british pound sterling, canadian dollar and the euro against the united states dollar, based on an analysis of weighted average rates for the comparable periods. this decrease was partially offset by consolidated revenue internal growth of 1.5% in the year ended december 31, 2015 as well as the net impact of acquisitions/divestitures of 0.6% in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. our consolidated revenues increased $93.1 million, or 3.1%, to $3,117.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $3,024.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. revenue internal growth was 1.0% for 2014. for the year ended december 31, 2014, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported consolidated revenues by 1.2% primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar, brazilian real and canadian dollar, partially offset by a strengthening of the british pound sterling and the euro against the united states dollar, based on an analysis of weighted average rates for the comparable periods. net acquisitions/divestitures contributed an increase of 3.3% of total reported revenues in 2014 over the same period in 2013.
50
internal growth-eight-quarter trend
2014                                                                                                                                                                                          2015
firstquarter         secondquarter          thirdquarter         fourthquarter          firstquarter         secondquarter          thirdquarter         fourthquarter storage rental revenue      1.4   %               1.6        %          2.2        %          3.5        %          3.0        %          2.7        %          2.8        %          2.2        %
service revenue            (0.7   )%             (1.9       )%         (2.7       )%          2.3        %         (1.0       )%            -        %         (0.9       )%          0.3        %
total revenue               0.5   %               0.1        %          0.2        %          3.0        %          1.4        %          1.6        %          1.3        %          1.4        %
we expect our consolidated revenue internal growth rate for 2016 to be approximately 1.5% to 2.5%. during the past eight quarters our storage rental revenue internal growth rate has ranged between 1.4% and 3.5%. storage rental revenue internal growth rates have been relatively stable over the past two fiscal years, averaging between 2.2% and 2.7% for full-year 2014 and 2015. at various points in the economic cycle, storage rental revenue internal growth may be influenced by changes in pricing and volume. in 2014, we initiated sales force programs focused on increasing volume through new sales and improved customer retention. in addition, we continue to enhance our pricing strategy through implementing a statistical-based approach, which enables customized pricing based on customer profiles and needs. within our international portfolio, the western european business segment is generating consistent low-to-mid single-digit storage rental revenue internal growth, while the other international business segment is producing strong double-digit storage rental revenue internal growth by capturing the first-time outsourcing trends for physical records storage and management in those markets. the internal growth rate for service revenue is inherently more volatile than the storage rental revenue internal growth rate due to the more discretionary nature of certain services we offer, such as large special projects, and, as a commodity, the volatility of pricing for recycled paper. these revenues, which are often event-driven and impacted to a greater extent by economic downturns as customers defer or cancel the purchase of certain services as a way to reduce their short-term costs, may be difficult to replicate in future periods. the internal growth rate for total service revenues reflects reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues within our north american records and information management business segment, as well as continued service declines in service revenue activity levels in our north american data management business segment as the storage business becomes more archival in nature.
51
operating expenses cost of sales consolidated cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization) consists of the following expenses (in thousands):
year ended december 31,                                                   percentagechange                % ofconsolidatedrevenues         percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable
2014                                                    2015                        dollarchange                  actual            constantcurrency               2014                 2015
labor                                  $674,658                    $647,082         $(27,576      )           (4.1   )%               2.8          %        21.6      %          21.5      %                      (0.1   )%
facilities                              440,408                     425,882         (14,526       )           (3.3   )%               2.7          %        14.1      %          14.2      %                       0.1   %
transportation                          118,027                     101,240         (16,787       )          (14.2   )%              (9.5         )%         3.8      %           3.4      %                      (0.4   )%
product cost of sales and other         111,543                     115,821         4,278                3.8         %               12.9          %         3.6      %           3.9      %                       0.3   %
$1,344,636                  $1,290,025         $(54,611      )           (4.1   )%               2.5          %        43.1      %          42.9      %                      (0.2   )%
year ended december 31,                                                       percentage                          % of            percentage change                  consolidated                change revenues          (favorable)/
unfavorable
2013                                                    2014                              dollarchange           actual           constantcurrency           2013           2014
labor                                  $638,403                    $674,658             $36,255               5.7     %             7.7          %      21.1    %      21.6    %          0.5        %
facilities                              413,675                     440,408              26,733               6.5     %             7.5          %      13.7    %      14.1    %          0.4        %
transportation                          123,179                     118,027              (5,152      )       (4.2    )%            (2.6         )%       4.1    %       3.8    %         (0.3       )%
product cost of sales and other         113,621                     111,543              (2,078      )       (1.8    )%               -          %       3.8    %       3.6    %         (0.2       )%
$1,288,878                  $1,344,636             $55,758               4.3     %             6.0          %      42.6    %      43.1    %          0.5        %
labor labor expense decreased to 21.5% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 21.6% for the year ended december 31, 2014. labor costs were favorably impacted by 6.9 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same prior year period. labor expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased by 2.8% on a constant dollar basis compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. this increase was primarily due to a $14.6 million increase in labor costs in our other international business segment, primarily associated with the impact of recent acquisitions, and a $7.0 million increase in labor costs in our north american records and information management business segment, primarily associated with an increase in medical expenses. these increases were partially offset by a $1.2 million reduction in restructuring costs associated with the organizational restructuring (primarily related to our north american records and information management business segment) in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
labor expense increased to 21.6% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 21.1% for the year ended december 31, 2013. labor expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased by 7.7% on a constant dollar basis compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to incremental labor costs associated with acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2013, as well as merit increases, partially offset by a $2.2 million decrease in restructuring costs. labor costs were favorably impacted by 2.0 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2014.
52
facilities facilities costs increased to 14.2% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to 14.1% for the year ended december 31, 2014. facilities costs were favorably impacted by 6.0 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2015. rent expense increased by $6.7 million on a constant dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by increased costs in our other international business segment. other facilities costs increased by $4.6 million on a constant dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to higher property taxes and common area charges of $3.4 million and building maintenance and security costs of $4.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in insurance costs of $3.6 million primarily associated with insurance deductibles related to a fire at one of our facilities in buenos aires, argentina in february 2014.
facilities costs increased to 14.1% of consolidated revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 13.7% for the year ended december 31, 2013. rent expense, which, on a constant dollar basis, increased by $10.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to the impact of acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2013. other facilities costs increased by $19.9 million on a constant dollar basis for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to higher utilities of $4.0 million and building maintenance costs of $6.5 million, as well as higher insurance costs of $3.5 million primarily associated with insurance deductibles related to the fire at one of our facilities in buenos aires, argentina noted above. facilities costs were favorably impacted by 1.0 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2014.
transportation transportation expenses decreased by $10.6 million on a constant dollar basis during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily as a result of decreased fuel and insurance costs of $7.9 million and $3.2 million, respectively. transportation expenses were favorably impacted by 4.7 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2015.
transportation expenses decreased by $3.2 million on a constant dollar basis during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily as a result of decreased fuel and maintenance costs of $1.3 million and $0.9 million, respectively. transportation expenses were favorably impacted by 1.6 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2014.
product cost of sales and other product cost of sales and other, which includes cartons, media and other service, storage and supply costs, is highly correlated to service revenue streams, particularly project revenues. for the year ended december 31, 2015, product cost of sales and other increased by $4.3 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 on an actual basis, primarily due to an increase in costs associated with special projects. these costs were favorably impacted by 9.1 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2015.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, product cost of sales and other decreased by $2.1 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 on an actual basis, primarily due to a reduction in costs associated with special projects. these costs were favorably impacted by 1.8 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2014.
53
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses consists of the following expenses (in thousands):
percentage change year ended december 31,                                                % ofconsolidatedrevenues          percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable dollarchange              actual         constantcurrency
2014                                                             2015                                                2014              2015
general and administrative                     $538,657                   $515,973                           $(22,684   )       (4.2   )%             0.5      %                       17.3                     %      17.2   %       (0.1   )%
sales, marketing &amp; account management       213,532                    214,029         497                                   0.2   %              5.0      %                        6.8                     %       7.1   %        0.3    %
information technology                          103,174                     99,632                             (3,542   )       (3.4   )%             1.1      %                        3.3                     %       3.3   %          -    %
bad debt expense                                 14,209                     15,326                              1,117            7.9   %             10.6      %                        0.5                     %       0.5   %          -    %
$869,572                   $844,960                           $(24,612   )       (2.8   )%             1.9      %                       27.9                     %      28.1   %        0.2    %
percentagechange year ended december 31,                                                 % ofconsolidatedrevenues          percentagechange(favorable)/unfavorable dollarchange              actual         constantcurrency
2013                                                             2014                                                     2013                 2014
general and administrative                     $595,699                   $538,657                    $(57,042          )        (9.6   )%            (8.8   )%                         19.7                     %      17.3   %       (2.4   )%
sales, marketing &amp; account management       219,143                    213,532                    (5,611            )        (2.6   )%            (1.8   )%                          7.2                     %       6.8   %       (0.4   )%
information technology                           97,868                    103,174                    5,306                       5.4   %              6.1   %                           3.2                     %       3.3   %        0.1   %
bad debt expense                                 11,321                     14,209                    2,888                      25.5   %             27.4   %                           0.4                     %       0.5   %        0.1   %
$924,031                   $869,572                    $(54,459          )        (5.9   )%            (5.1   )%                         30.6                     %      27.9   %       (2.7   )%
general and administrative general and administrative expenses decreased to 17.2% of consolidated revenues during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 17.3% in the year ended december 31, 2014. general and administrative expenses were favorably impacted by 4.7 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2015. on a constant dollar basis, general and administrative expenses increased by $2.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of a $47.0 million increase in recall costs and a $6.1 million increase in costs associated with the transformation initiative, partially offset by a $22.3 million decrease in reit costs, a $10.4 million decrease in general and administrative expenses, primarily related to professional fees, associated with our corporate and other business segment, a $9.9 million decrease in professional fees associated with our north american records and information management business segment, a $3.0 million decrease in general and administrative expenses associated with our other international business segment and a $1.8 million decrease in restructuring costs associated with the organization restructuring.
general and administrative expenses decreased to 17.3% of consolidated revenues during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 19.7% in the year ended december 31, 2013. on a constant dollar basis, general and administrative expenses decreased by $52.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily driven by a $60.6 million decrease in reit costs and a $15.3 million decrease in restructuring costs. these decreases were partially offset by increased compensation costs of $15.1 million, primarily associated with merit increases, higher incentive compensation and the associated payroll taxes, as well as $7.2 million of incremental general and administrative expenses associated with international acquisitions completed during fiscal year 2014 and the fourth quarter of 2013. general and administrative expenses were favorably impacted by 0.8 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2014.
54
sales, marketing & account management sales, marketing and account management expenses increased to 7.1% of consolidated revenues during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 6.8% in 2014. sales, marketing and account management expenses were favorably impacted by 4.8 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2015. on a constant dollar basis, sales, marketing and account management expenses during the year ended december 31, 2015 increased by $10.2 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to an increase in compensation expenses of $7.6 million, primarily associated with higher sales commissions in our north american data management business segment, as well as an increase in marketing expenses of $2.1 million.
sales, marketing and account management expenses decreased to 6.8% of consolidated revenues during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 7.2% in 2013. on a constant dollar basis, the decrease of $4.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 is primarily due to a decrease in compensation expense of $3.5 million as a result of the organizational restructuring initiated in 2013 and completed in 2014. sales, marketing and account management expenses were favorably impacted by 0.8 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2014.
information technology on a constant dollar basis, information technology expenses increased $1.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to increased compensation expenses of $1.7 million. information technology expenses were favorably impacted by 4.5 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2015.
on a constant dollar basis, information technology expenses increased $6.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to increased professional fees of $2.4 million and software license fees of $1.0 million, as well as an increase in compensation expenses of $2.9 million related to the mix of project work year over year performed by internal personnel associated with capital versus maintenance initiatives. information technology expenses were favorably impacted by 0.7 percentage points due to currency rate changes during the year ended december 31, 2014.
bad debt expense consolidated bad debt expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased $1.1 million to $15.3 million (0.5% of consolidated revenues) from $14.2 million (0.5% of consolidated revenues) for the year ended december 31, 2014. we maintain an allowance for doubtful accounts that is calculated based on our past loss experience, current and prior trends in our aged receivables, current economic conditions, and specific circumstances of individual receivable balances. we continue to monitor our customers' payment activity and make adjustments based on their financial condition and in light of historical and expected trends.
consolidated bad debt expense for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased $2.9 million to $14.2 million (0.5% of consolidated revenues) from $11.3 million (0.4% of consolidated revenues) for the year ended december 31, 2013.
depreciation, amortization, and loss (gain) on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net depreciation expense increased $12.5 million and $24.5 million, on a constant dollar basis, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, compared to the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily due to the increased depreciation of property, plant and equipment acquired through business combinations.
amortization expense increased $0.5 million and $10.1 million, on a constant dollar basis, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, compared to the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, primarily due to the increased amortization of customer relationship intangible assets acquired through business combinations.
55
consolidated loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net was $3.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 and consisted primarily of $1.8 million of losses associated with the write-off of certain property in our western european business segment, as well as $1.5 million of losses associated with the write-off of certain property in our north american records and information management business segment, partially offset by gains on the retirement of leased vehicles accounted for as capital lease assets primarily associated with our north american records and information management business segment. consolidated loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net was $1.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 and consisted primarily of losses associated with the write-off of certain software associated with our north american records and information management business segment. consolidated loss on disposal/write-down of property, plant and equipment (excluding real estate), net was $0.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013 and consisted of $1.7 million of asset write-offs in our north american records and information management business segment, approximately $0.3 million of asset write-offs in our corporate and other business segment, approximately $0.6 million of asset write-offs associated with our western european business segment and approximately $0.3 million of asset write-offs associated with our other international business segment, partially offset by gains of approximately $2.5 million on the retirement of leased vehicles accounted for as capital lease assets primarily associated with our north american records and information management business segment.
operating income and adjusted oibda (in thousands)
the following table reflects the effect of the foregoing factors on our consolidated operating income and adjusted oibda:
year ended december 31,   dollarchange           percentage change
2014                                                                                              2015
operating income                                              $549,277                  $524,527         $(24,750      )          (4.5         )%
operating income as a percentage of consolidated revenue          17.6     %                17.4     %
adjusted oibda                                                 925,797                   920,005         (5,792        )          (0.6         )%
adjusted oibda margin                                             29.7     %                30.6     %
year ended december 31,         dollarchange          percentage change
2013                                                                                              2014
operating income                                              $489,247                  $549,277             $60,030                   12.3          %
operating income as a percentage of consolidated revenue          16.2     %                17.6     %
adjusted oibda                                                 894,581                   925,797              31,216                    3.5          %
adjusted oibda margin                                             29.6     %                29.7     %
56
other expenses, net interest expense, net consolidated interest expense, net increased $3.2 million to $263.9 million (8.8% of consolidated revenues) for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $260.7 million (8.4% of consolidated revenues) for the year ended december 31, 2014 primarily due to (1) the issuance in september 2014 of 400.0 million british pounds sterling in aggregate principal amount of the 61/8% senior notes due 2022 (the "gbp notes") by iron mountain europe plc ("ime"), (2) the issuance in september 2015 of $1,000.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6% senior notes due 2020 (the "6% notes due 2020") by imi and (3) higher borrowings (on a weighted average basis) under the credit agreement, the former credit agreement and the accounts receivable securitization program (each as discussed and defined below) during 2015 compared to 2014. this increase was partially offset by (1) the redemption in december 2014 of $306.0 million aggregate principal outstanding of our 83/8% senior subordinated notes due 2021 (the "83/8% notes") and (2) the redemption in october 2015 of (i) 255.0 million euro in aggregate principal outstanding of the 6 3/4% euro senior subordinated notes due 2018 (the "6 3/4% notes"), (ii) $400.0 million aggregate principal outstanding of the 7 3/4% senior subordinated notes due 2019 (the "7 3/4% notes) and (iii) the remaining $106.0 million aggregate principal outstanding of the 8 3/8% notes. our weighted average interest rate was 5.3% at december 31, 2015 and 5.6% at december 31, 2014.
consolidated interest expense, net increased $6.5 million to $260.7 million (8.4% of consolidated revenues) for the year ended december 31, 2014 from $254.2 million (8.4% of consolidated revenues) for the year ended december 31, 2013 primarily due to (1) the issuance in august 2013 of (i) $600.0 million in aggregate principal of 6% senior notes due 2023 (the "6% notes due 2023") by imi and (ii) the issuance of 200.0 million cad in aggregate principal of the 61/8% senior notes due 2021 (the "cad notes") by iron mountain canada operations ulc ("canada company") and (2) the issuance of the gbp notes. this increase was partially offset by (1) the redemption in august 2013 of (i) 175.0 million cad of the 71/2% cad senior subordinated notes due 2017 (the "71/2% notes"), (ii) $50.0 million of the 8% senior subordinated notes due 2018 (the "8% notes due 2018"), (iii) $300.0 million of the 8% senior subordinated notes due 2020 (the "8% notes due 2020") and (iv) $137.5 million of the 83/8% notes and (2) the redemption in january 2014 of 150.0 million british pounds sterling of the 71/4% gbp senior subordinated notes due 2014 (the "71/4% notes").
other expense (income), net (in thousands)
year endeddecember 31, dollarchange
2014                                                                             2015
foreign currency transaction losses, net       $58,316                  $70,851           $12,535
debt extinguishment expense, net                16,495                   27,305            10,810
other, net                                      (9,624      )               434            10,058
$65,187                  $98,590           $33,403
year endeddecember 31, dollarchange
2013                                                           2014
foreign currency transaction losses, net      $36,201                   $58,316             $22,115
debt extinguishment expense, net               43,724                    16,495             (27,229   )
other, net                                     (4,723      )             (9,624     )        (4,901   )
$75,202                   $65,187            $(10,015   )
we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $70.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2015, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from changes in the exchange rate of each of the argentine peso, brazilian real, euro, russian ruble and ukrainian hryvnia against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2014, as these currencies relate to our intercompany balances with and between our latin american and european subsidiaries, as well as euro forward contracts. these losses were partially offset by gains primarily from changes in the exchange rate of the british pound sterling as it relates to our intercompany balances with and between our european subsidiaries and euro denominated bonds issued by imi.
57
we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $58.3 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from changes in the exchange rate of each of the argentine peso, brazilian real, british pound sterling, euro, russian ruble and ukrainian hryvnia against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2013, as these currencies relate to our intercompany balances with and between our latin american and european subsidiaries, as well as euro forward contracts. these losses were partially offset by gains primarily from british pound sterling borrowings on our revolving credit facility, australian dollar and british pound sterling forward contracts, and euro denominated bonds issued by imi.
we recorded net foreign currency transaction losses of $36.2 million in the year ended december 31, 2013, based on period-end exchange rates. these losses resulted primarily from changes in the exchange rate of each of the australian dollar, brazilian real, russian ruble and euro against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2012, as these currencies relate to our intercompany balances with and between our european, australian and brazilian subsidiaries as well as british pound sterling debt and forward currency contracts, which were partially offset by gains as a result of an australian forward currency contract, as well as changes in the exchange rate of the british pound sterling against the united states dollar compared to december 31, 2012 as it relates to our intercompany balances with and between our united kingdom subsidiaries.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $27.3 million related to (i) the refinancing of the credit agreement in the third quarter of 2015 and (ii) the early extinguishment of the 63/4% notes, 73/4% notes and the remaining portion outstanding of the 83/8% notes in the fourth quarter of 2015. this charge consists of call premiums, original issue discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $16.5 million related to the early redemption of $306.0 million in aggregate principal of the 83/8% notes at 104.188% of par. this charge consists of call premiums, original issue discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recorded a debt extinguishment charge of $43.7 million related to (i) the amendment of our former credit agreement (as defined below) in the third quarter of 2013, representing a write-off of deferred financing costs, and (ii) the early extinguishment of the 71/2% notes, the 8% notes due 2018, the 8% notes due 2020 and a portion of the 83/8% notes. this charge consists of call premiums, original issue discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs.
other, net in the year ended december 31, 2015 consisted primarily of $0.6 million related to the write-down of certain investments. other, net in the year ended december 31, 2014 included income of $9.6 million. in december 2014, we divested our secure shredding operations in australia, ireland and the united kingdom in a stock transaction and recorded a pretax gain of approximately $6.9 million (see note 16 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report). also included in other, net in the year ended december 31, 2014 was approximately $0.9 million of royalty income and $1.1 million of gains associated with a deferred compensation plan we sponsor. other, net in the year ended december 31, 2013 consists primarily of $3.7 million of royalty income.
provision for income taxes our effective tax rates for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015 were 38.9%, (43.5)% and 23.3%, respectively. the primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of 35% and our overall effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2013 were the impact from the repatriation discussed below, which increased our 2013 effective tax rate by 13.1%, and state income taxes (net of federal tax benefit). these expenses were partially offset by a favorable impact provided by the recognition of certain previously unrecognized tax benefits due to expirations of statute of limitation periods and settlements with tax authorities in various jurisdictions and differences in the rates of tax at which our foreign earnings are subject, including foreign exchange gains and losses in different jurisdictions with different tax rates.
during 2013, we completed a plan to utilize both current and carryforward foreign tax credits by repatriating approximately $252.7 million (approximately $65.2 million of which was previously subject to united states taxes) from our foreign earnings. due to uncertainty in our ability to fully utilize foreign tax credit carryforwards, we previously did not recognize a full benefit for such foreign tax credit carryforwards in our tax provision. as a result, we recorded an increase in our tax provision from continuing operations in the amount of $63.5 million in 2013. this increase was offset by decreases of $18.8 million from current year foreign tax credits and $23.3 million reversal of valuation allowances related to foreign tax credit carryforwards, resulting in a net increase of $21.5 million in our tax provision from continuing operations.
58
as a result of our reit conversion, we recorded a net tax benefit of $212.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 for the revaluation of certain deferred tax assets and liabilities associated with the reit conversion. in 2014, we recorded an increase to the tax provision of $29.3 million associated with tax accounting method changes consistent with our reit conversion, primarily affected through the filing of amended tax returns. the other primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of 35% and our overall effective tax rate during the year ended december 31, 2014 was an increase of $46.4 million in our tax provision associated with incremental federal and state income taxes and foreign withholding taxes on earnings of our foreign subsidiaries no longer considered permanently invested and other net tax adjustments related to the reit conversion, including a tax benefit of $63.3 million primarily related to the dividends paid deduction.
the primary reconciling items between the federal statutory rate of 35% and our overall effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 were the benefit derived from the dividends paid deduction of $51.6 million and an out-of-period tax adjustment (approximately $9.0 million tax benefit) recorded during the third quarter to correct the valuation of certain deferred tax assets associated with the reit conversion that occurred in 2014, partially offset by valuation allowances on certain of our foreign net operating losses of $33.5 million, primarily related to our foreign subsidiaries in argentina, brazil, france and russia.
as a reit, we are entitled to a deduction for dividends paid, resulting in a substantial reduction of federal income tax expense. as a reit, substantially all of our income tax expense will be incurred based on the earnings generated by our foreign subsidiaries and our domestic trss.
our effective tax rate is subject to variability in the future due to, among other items: (1) changes in the mix of income between our qualified reit subsidiaries and our trss, as well as between the jurisdictions in which we operate; (2) tax law changes; (3) volatility in foreign exchange gains and losses; (4) the timing of the establishment and reversal of tax reserves; and (5) our ability to utilize net operating losses that we generate. we are subject to income taxes in the united states and numerous foreign jurisdictions. we are subject to examination by various tax authorities in jurisdictions in which we have business operations or a taxable presence. we regularly assess the likelihood of additional assessments by tax authorities and provide for these matters as appropriate. although we believe our tax estimates are appropriate, the final determination of tax audits and any related litigation could result in changes in our estimates.
gain on sale of real estate, net of tax consolidated gain on sale of real estate for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $0.9 million, net of tax of $0.2 million associated with the sale of a building in the united kingdom. consolidated gain on sale of real estate for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $8.3 million, net of tax of $2.2 million associated with the sale of two buildings in the united kingdom and a building in canada. consolidated gain on sale of real estate for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $1.4 million, net of tax of $0.4 million associated with the sale of a building in the united kingdom.
59
income from continuing operations (in thousands)
the following table reflects the effect of the foregoing factors on our consolidated income from continuing operations:
year ended december 31,   dollarchange         percentage change
2014                                                                                                               2015
income from continuing operations                                              $328,955                  $125,203         $(203,752     )      (61.9      )%
income from continuing operations as a percentage of consolidated revenue          10.6     %                 4.2     %
year ended december 31,   dollarchange              percentage change
2013                                                                                                             2014
income from continuing operations                                             $99,161                  $328,955         $229,794             231.7           %
income from continuing operations as a percentage of consolidated revenue         3.3     %                10.6     %
income (loss) from discontinued operations loss from discontinued operations, net of tax was $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily related to legal reserves, offset by the recovery of insurance proceeds in excess of carrying value. income from discontinued operations, net of tax was $0.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, which primarily represents the recovery of insurance proceeds in excess of carrying value.
noncontrolling interests net income attributable to noncontrolling interests resulted in a decrease in net income attributable to iron mountain incorporated of $2.0 million, $2.6 million and $3.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. these amounts represent our noncontrolling partners' share of earnings/losses in our majority-owned international subsidiaries that are consolidated in our operating results.
60
segment analysis (in thousands)
as a result of a realignment in our senior management reporting structure during the first quarter of 2015, we modified our internal financial reporting to better align internal reporting with how we manage our business. these modifications resulted in the separation of our former international business segment into two unique reportable operating segments, which we refer to as (1) western european business segment and (2) other international business segment. also, during the first quarter of 2015, we reassessed the nature of certain costs which were previously being allocated to the north american records and information management business and north american data management business segments. as a result of this reassessment, we determined that certain product management functions, which were previously being performed to solely benefit our north american operating segments, are now being performed in a manner that benefits the enterprise as a whole. accordingly, the costs associated with these product management functions are now included within the corporate and other business segment. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2015, as a result of changes in the senior management of our business in norway, we determined that our norway operations are now being managed as a component of our other international business segment rather than as a component of our western european business segment.
as a result of these changes noted above, previously reported segment information has been restated to conform to the current presentation.
our five reportable operating segments are described as follows:
•   north american records and information management business-storage and information management services, including records management, destruction and dms throughout the united states and canada; as well as fulfillment services and intellectual property management in the united states.
•   north american data management business-data protection &amp; recovery; server and computer backup services; digital content repository systems to house, distribute, and archive key media assets; and storage, safeguarding and electronic or physical delivery of physical media of all types, primarily for entertainment and media industry clients, throughout the united states and canada.
•   western european business-storage and information management services, including records management, data protection &amp; recovery and dms throughout the united kingdom, ireland, austria, belgium, france, germany, netherlands, spain and switzerland. until december 2014, our western european business segment offered destruction in the united kingdom and ireland.
•   other international business-storage and information management services throughout the remaining european countries in which we operate, latin america and asia pacific, including records management, data protection &amp; recovery and dms. our european operations included within the other international business segment provide records management, data protection &amp; recovery and dms. our latin america operations provide records management, data protection &amp; recovery, destruction and dms throughout argentina, brazil, chile, colombia, mexico and peru. our asia pacific operations provide records management, data protection &amp; recovery and dms throughout australia, with records management and data protection &amp; recovery also provided in certain cities in india, singapore, hong kong‐sar and china. until december 2014, our other international business segment offered destruction in australia.
•   corporate and other business-primarily consists of our data center and fine art storage businesses in the united states, the primary product offerings of our adjacent businesses operating segment (which was formerly referred to as our emerging businesses operating segment), as well as costs related to executive and staff functions, including finance, human resources and information technology, which benefit the enterprise as a whole. these costs are primarily related to the general management of these functions on a corporate level and the design and development of programs, policies and procedures that are then implemented in the individual segments, with each segment bearing its own cost of implementation. our corporate and other business segment also includes stock-based employee compensation expense associated with all stock options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units and shares of stock issued under our employee stock purchase plan.
61
north american records and information management business percentagechange year ended december 31,   dollarchange             actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
2014                                                                                                      2015
storage rental                                                    $1,080,013                  $1,077,305         $(2,708       )      (0.3   )%               1.1   %          0.1           %
service                                                              715,348                     698,060         (17,288       )      (2.4   )%              (0.6   )%                (1.6   )%
segment revenue                                                   $1,795,361                  $1,775,365         $(19,996      )      (1.1   )%               0.4   %                 (0.6   )%
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                           $698,719                    $714,639         $15,920
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue            38.9     %                  40.3     %
percentagechange year ended december 31, dollarchange                            constantcurrency            internalgrowth
2013                                                                                  2014                                            actual storage rental                                                    $1,057,126                    $1,080,013                     $22,887                       2.2   %           2.9   %     0.3        %
service                                                              712,107                       715,348                       3,241                       0.5   %           1.4   %         (0.5   )%
segment revenue                                                   $1,769,233                    $1,795,361                     $26,128                       1.5   %           2.3   %            -   %
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                           $652,575                      $698,719                     $46,144
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue            36.9      %   38.9                     %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   see note 9 to notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted oibda and for the basis on which allocations are made and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to income (loss) from continuing operations before provision (benefit) for income taxes and gain on sale of real estate.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, reported revenue in our north american records and information management business segment decreased 1.1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to negative internal growth and foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. for the year ended december 31, 2015, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the north american records and information management business segment by 1.5% compared to the same prior year period due to the weakening of the canadian dollar against the united states dollar. negative internal growth of 0.6% in the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily the result of negative service revenue internal growth of 1.6% in the year ended december 31, 2015, resulting from reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues. net acquisitions/divestitures increased reported revenue in our north american records and information management business segment by 1.0% in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 140 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily driven by a $11.7 million decrease in professional fees, a $7.5 million decrease in fuel and insurance costs, a $5.7 million decrease in incentive compensation and a $1.6 million decrease in costs due to the organizational restructuring, as well as a decrease in sales, marketing and account management costs. these decreases were partially offset by $5.4 million of employee severance costs recorded during the year ended december 31, 2015 associated with the transformation initiative.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, reported revenue in our north american records and information management business segment increased 1.5% compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. this increase is primarily attributable to the impact of acquisitions of 2.3% in the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. flat total internal growth was primarily the result of negative service internal growth of 0.5%, resulting from a trend toward reduced retrieval/re-file activity and a related decrease in transportation revenues, partially offset by storage rental revenue internal growth of 0.3% in the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily related to net price increases. for the year ended december 31, 2014, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the north american records and information management business segment by 0.8% compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 due to the weakening of the canadian dollar against the united states dollar. adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 200 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to decreases in restructuring charges and compensation expense as a result of the organizational restructuring initiated in the fourth quarter of 2013.
62
north american data management business percentagechange year ended december 31, dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency          internalgrowth
2014                                                                                2015
storage rental                                                    $247,017                    $255,601                      $8,584                     3.5   %            4.4   %          4.2   %
service                                                            143,190                     134,885                      (8,305   )                (5.8   )%          (4.9   )%        (5.1   )%
segment revenue                                                   $390,207                    $390,486                        $279                     0.1   %            1.0   %          0.8   %
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                         $226,396                    $203,803                    $(22,593   )
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          58.0      %   52.2                   %
percentagechange year ended december 31, dollarchange              actual   constantcurrency          internalgrowth
2013                                                                                2014
storage rental                                                    $241,772                    $247,017         $5,245                    2.2                 %     2.6          %     2.3        %
service                                                            154,747                     143,190         (11,557               )                (7.5   )%          (7.0   )%        (7.5   )%
segment revenue                                                   $396,519                    $390,207         $(6,312               )                (1.6   )%          (1.1   )%        (1.5   )%
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                         $237,380                    $226,396         $(10,984              )
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          59.9      %   58.0                   %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   see note 9 to notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted oibda and for the basis on which allocations are made and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to income (loss) from continuing operations before provision (benefit) for income taxes and gain on sale of real estate.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, reported revenue in our north american data management business segment increased 0.1% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to internal growth of 0.8%. the internal growth was primarily attributable to storage rental revenue internal growth of 4.2%, partially offset by negative service revenue internal growth of 5.1% in the year ended december 31, 2015, which was due to declines in service revenue activity levels as the storage business becomes more archival in nature. for the year ended december 31, 2015, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the north american data management business segment by 0.9% compared to the prior year due to the weakening of the canadian dollar against the united states dollar. adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue decreased 580 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to increased overhead expenses of $15.9 million, primarily associated with higher sales, marketing and account management expenses and, to a lesser extent, reduced gross profit related to a decline in service revenues without a corresponding decrease in costs.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, reported revenue in our north american data management business segment decreased 1.6% compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to negative internal growth of 1.5%. the negative internal growth was primarily attributable to negative service internal growth of 7.5%, which was due to declines in service revenue activity levels as the storage business becomes more archival in nature, partially offset by storage rental revenue internal growth of 2.3% in the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily related to net price increases. for the year ended december 31, 2014, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations decreased our reported revenues for the north american data management business segment by 0.5% compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 due to the weakening of the canadian dollar against the united states dollar. adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue declined 190 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to the aforementioned negative internal growth, as well as costs not decreasing in proportion to the decline in revenue.
63
western european business percentage change year ended december 31,   dollarchange              actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
2014                                                                                                  2015
storage rental                                                    $257,390                  $239,257         $(18,133      )       (7.0   )%    3.9              %                  2.7   %
service                                                            191,841                   158,256         (33,585       )      (17.5   )%              (7.8   )%                (0.6   )%
segment revenue                                                   $449,231                  $397,513         $(51,718      )      (11.5   )%              (1.1   )%                 1.4   %
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                         $130,423                  $120,649         $(9,774       )
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          29.0     %                30.4     %
percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency          internalgrowth
2013                                                                                                  2014
storage rental                                                    $242,563                  $257,390             $14,827               6.1   %     2.7              %          1.9           %
service                                                            192,783                   191,841                (942      )       (0.5   )%              (3.8   )%                (4.0   )%
segment revenue                                                   $435,346                  $449,231             $13,885               3.2   %               (0.2   )%                (0.6   )%
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                         $118,823                  $130,423             $11,600
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          27.3     %                29.0     %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   see note 9 to notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted oibda and for the basis on which allocations are made and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to income (loss) from continuing operations before provision (benefit) for income taxes and gain on sale of real estate.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, reported revenue in our western european business segment decreased 11.5% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. foreign currency fluctuations resulted in decreased revenue in the year ended december 31, 2015, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 10.4% as compared to the same prior year period, due to the weakening of the british pound sterling and the euro against the united states dollar. revenue internal growth for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 1.4%, supported by 2.7% storage rental revenue internal growth for the year ended december 31, 2015. net acquisitions/divestitures decreased reported revenue in our western european business segment by 2.5% in the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to a $15.3 million reduction in reported service revenues associated with the disposition of our shredding operations in the united kingdom and ireland in december 2014. adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 140 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to improved profitability associated with lower transportation and facility costs.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, reported revenues in our western european business segment increased 3.2% compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. internal growth for the year ended december 31, 2014 was negative 0.6%, driven by negative 4.0% service revenue internal growth, partially offset by storage rental revenue internal growth of 1.9%. foreign currency fluctuations in 2014 resulted in increased revenue for the year ended december 31, 2014, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 3.4% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, due to the strengthening of the british pound sterling and the euro against the united states dollar. net acquisitions/divestitures increased total reported revenue growth in the year ended december 31, 2014 by 0.4%. adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue increased by 170 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to improved profitability as a result of real estate optimization in the united kingdom during 2013 and early 2014.
64
other international business percentage change year ended december 31,   dollarchange              actual            constantcurrency           internalgrowth
2014                                                                                                  2015
storage rental                                                    $263,737                  $245,154         $(18,583      )       (7.0    )%             14.4          %           10.8         %
service                                                            205,577                   176,206         (29,371       )      (14.3    )%              7.6          %            9.0         %
segment revenue                                                   $469,314                  $421,360         $(47,954      )      (10.2    )%             11.5          %           10.0         %
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                          $84,468                   $87,341         $2,873
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          18.0     %                20.7     %
percentage change year ended december 31,         dollarchange           actual            constantcurrency           internalgrowth
2013                                                                                                  2014
storage rental                                                    $231,160                  $263,737             $32,577              14.1   %               24.6   %                  11.6   %
service                                                            179,093                   205,577              26,484              14.8   %               25.7   %                   9.4   %
segment revenue                                                   $410,253                  $469,314             $59,061              14.4   %               25.0   %                  10.7   %
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                          $87,180                   $84,468             $(2,712      )
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of segment revenue          21.3     %                18.0     %
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   see note 9 to notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted oibda and for the basis on which allocations are made and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to income (loss) from continuing operations before provision (benefit) for income taxes and gain on sale of real estate.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, reported revenues in our other international business segment decreased 10.2% compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily as a result of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. foreign currency fluctuations in the year ended december 31, 2015 resulted in decreased revenue, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 21.7% as compared to the same prior year period, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar, brazilian real and euro against the united states dollar. revenue internal growth for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 10.0% supported by 10.8% storage rental revenue internal growth for the year ended december 31, 2015. net acquisitions/divestitures increased reported revenue in our other international business segment by 1.5% in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014, as the impact of our recent acquisitions in brazil, turkey and poland were partially offset by a $8.4 million decrease in reported service revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 associated with the disposition of our australian shredding operations in december 2014. adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue increased 270 basis points during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue during the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily a result of a constant dollar increase in gross profit of 11.0% in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same prior year period. the constant dollar increase in gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2015 was partially offset by the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, reported revenues in our other international business segment increased 14.4% compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. internal growth for the year ended december 31, 2014 was 10.7%, supported by 11.6% storage rental internal growth and 9.4% total service revenue internal growth. net acquisitions/divestitures contributed 14.3% of the increase in total reported revenue growth in the year ended december 31, 2014. foreign currency fluctuations in 2014 resulted in decreased revenue in the year ended december 31, 2014, as measured in united states dollars, of approximately 10.6% as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to the weakening of the australian dollar and brazilian real against the united states dollar. adjusted oibda as a percentage of segment revenue decreased by 330 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to the impact associated with a fire at one of our facilities in buenos aires, argentina in february 2014, as well as integration costs associated with recent international acquisitions.
65
corporate and other business year ended december 31,                                             percentagechange dollarchange              actual      constantcurrency      internalgrowth
2014                                                                                     2015
storage rental                                                          $12,086                     $20,580                      $8,494                70.3   %          70.3   %        49.9   %
service                                                                   1,494                       2,672                       1,178                78.8   %          78.8   %        33.4   %
segment revenue                                                         $13,580                     $23,252                      $9,672                71.2   %          71.2   %        48.5   %
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                             $(214,209      )            $(206,427     )                $7,782
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of consolidated revenue          (6.9     )%                 (6.9    )%
year ended december 31,                                                           percentagechange dollarchange              actual       constantcurrency             internalgrowth
2013                                                                                     2014
storage rental                                                          $12,100                     $12,086             $(14                  )                (0.1   )%          (0.1   )%         (0.1   )%
service                                                                   1,172                       1,494         322                                        27.5   %           27.5   %          27.5   %
segment revenue                                                         $13,272                     $13,580             $308                                    2.3   %            2.3   %           2.3   %
segment adjusted oibda(1)                                             $(201,377      )            $(214,209     )       $(12,832              )
segment adjusted oibda(1) as a percentage of consolidated revenue          (6.7     )%                 (6.9    )%
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   see note 9 to notes to the consolidated financial statements included in this annual report for the definition of adjusted oibda and for the basis on which allocations are made and a reconciliation of adjusted oibda to income (loss) from continuing operations before provision (benefit) for income taxes and gain on sale of real estate.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, adjusted oibda in the corporate and other business segment as a percentage of consolidated revenue was flat compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. adjusted oibda for the corporate and other business segment increased by $7.8 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the prior year primarily due to decreased insurance costs of $3.5 million associated with a fire at one of our facilities in buenos aires, argentina in february 2014, as well as a decrease in general and administrative expenses, primarily related to professional fees.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, adjusted oibda in the corporate and other business segment as a percentage of consolidated revenue decreased by 20 basis points compared to the year ended december 31, 2013, primarily due to increased insurance costs of $3.5 million associated with the fire at one of our facilities in buenos aires, argentina noted above, higher professional fees of $2.6 million, restructuring costs of $1.5 million and reit compliance costs.
66
liquidity and capital resources the following is a summary of our cash balances and cash flows (in thousands) as of and for the years ended december 31,
2013                  2014                  2015
cash flows from operating activities-continuing operations          $506,593              $472,948              $541,760
cash flows from investing activities-continuing operations          (632,750   )          (479,978   )          (422,786   )
cash flows from financing activities-continuing operations            18,564                19,857              (108,511   )
cash and cash equivalents at the end of year                         120,526               125,933               128,381
net cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations was $541.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $472.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the 14.5% year-over-year increase resulted primarily from an increase in net income (including non-cash charges and realized foreign exchange losses) of $79.2 million, partially offset by an increase in cash used in working capital of $10.4 million primarily related to the payments and timing of certain accrued expenses and deferred revenue liabilities.
our business requires capital expenditures to maintain our ongoing operations, support our expected revenue growth and new products and services, and increase our profitability. these expenditures are included in the cash flows from investing activities. the nature of our capital expenditures has evolved over time along with the nature of our business. our capital goes to support business-line growth and our ongoing operations, but we also expend capital to support the development and improvement of products and services and projects designed to increase our profitability. these expenditures are generally discretionary in nature. cash paid for our capital expenditures, cash paid for acquisitions (net of cash acquired), acquisition of customer relationships and customer inducements during the year ended december 31, 2015 amounted to $290.2 million, $113.6 million, $32.6 million and $22.5 million, respectively. for the year ended december 31, 2015, these expenditures were primarily funded with cash flows from operations. excluding capital expenditures associated with potential future acquisitions and opportunistic real estate investments, we expect our capital expenditures to be approximately $300.0 million to $330.0 million in the year ending december 31, 2016. we expect to spend up to $100.0 million of additional capital expenditures on opportunistic real estate investments in the year ending december 31, 2016.
net cash used in financing activities from continuing operations was $108.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we received net proceeds of $985.0 million associated with the issuance of the 6% notes due 2020 in september 2015, $128.8 million associated with our revolving credit and term loan facilities (including the accounts receivable securitization program) and $7.1 million from the exercise of stock options and our employee stock purchase plan. we used the proceeds from these transactions, as well as cash flows provided by operating activities, for the redemption of the 63/4% notes, the 73/4% notes and the 83/8% notes for approximately $814.7 million (inclusive of call premiums) and payment of dividends in the amount of $406.5 million on our common stock.
67
capital expenditures the following table presents our capital spend for 2013, 2014 and 2015 organized by the type of the spending as described in the "our business fundamentals" section of "item 1. business" included in this annual report:
year ended december 31, nature of capital spend (in thousands)                                2013   2014                    2015
real estate:
investment                                                   $135,708                $199,663                $170,742
maintenance                                                    61,863                  57,574                  52,826
total real estate capital spend                               197,571                 257,237                 223,568
non-real estate:
investment                                                     91,792                  55,991                  47,964
maintenance                                                    22,644                  19,527                  23,396
total non-real estate capital spend                           114,436                  75,518                  71,360
total capital spend (on accrual basis)                        312,007                 332,755                 294,928
net increase/(decrease) in prepaid capital expenditures         3,327                  (2,455    )               (362    )
net (increase)/decrease accrued capital expenditures          (28,039    )             31,624                  (4,317    )
total capital spend (on cash basis)                          $287,295                $361,924                $290,249
dividends see "item 5. market for registrant's common equity, related stockholder matters and issuer purchases of equity securities" of this annual report for information on dividends.
68
financial instruments and debt financial instruments that potentially subject us to credit risk consist principally of cash and cash equivalents (including money market funds and time deposits) and accounts receivable. the only significant concentrations of liquid investments as of december 31, 2015 related to cash and cash equivalents held in time deposits with four global banks, all of which we consider to be large, highly-rated investment-grade institutions. as per our risk management investment policy, we limit exposure to concentration of credit risk by limiting the amount invested in any one mutual fund to a maximum of $50.0 million or in any one financial institution to a maximum of $75.0 million. as of december 31, 2015, our cash and cash equivalents balance was $128.4 million, which included time deposits amounting to $18.6 million.
our consolidated debt as of december 31, 2015 comprised the following (in thousands):
december 31, 2015
debt (inclusive of discount and premium)             unamortized deferred financing costs             carrying amount revolving credit facility(1)                                              $784,438                                           $(9,410              )            $775,028
term loan(1)                                                               243,750                                                 -                            243,750
6% notes due 2020(2)(3)                                                  1,000,000                                           (16,124              )             983,876
cad notes(4)                                                               144,190                                            (1,924              )             142,266
gbp notes(3)(5)                                                            592,140                                            (8,757              )             583,383
6% notes due 2023(2)                                                       600,000                                            (8,420              )             591,580
53/4% senior subordinated notes due 2024 (2)                             1,000,000                                           (11,902              )             988,098
real estate mortgages, capital leases and other(6)                         333,559                                            (1,070              )             332,489
accounts receivable securitization program(7)                              205,900                                              (692              )             205,208
total long-term debt                                                     4,903,977                                           (58,299              )           4,845,678
less current portion                                                       (88,068               )                                 -                            (88,068       )
long-term debt, net of current portion                                  $4,815,909                                          $(58,299              )          $4,757,610
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   the capital stock or other equity interests of most of our united states subsidiaries, and up to 66% of the capital stock or other equity interests of our first-tier foreign subsidiaries, are pledged to secure these debt instruments, together with all intercompany obligations (including promissory notes) of subsidiaries owed to us or to one of our united states subsidiary guarantors. in addition, canada company has pledged 66% of the capital stock of its subsidiaries, and all intercompany obligations (including promissory notes) owed to or held by it, to secure the canadian dollar subfacility under the revolving credit facility (as defined below).
(2)   collectively, the "parent notes." imi is the direct obligor on the parent notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior or senior subordinated basis, as the case may be, by its direct and indirect 100% owned united states subsidiaries that represent the substantial majority of our united states operations (the "guarantors"). these guarantees are joint and several obligations of the guarantors. canada company, ime, the special purpose subsidiaries (as defined below) and the remainder of our subsidiaries do not guarantee the parent notes. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(3)   the 6% notes due 2020 and the gbp notes have not been registered under the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), or under the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. unless they are registered, the 6% notes due 2020 and the gbp notes may be offered only in transactions that are exempt from registration under the securities act or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction.
(4)   canada company is the direct obligor on the cad notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior basis, by imi and the guarantors. these guarantees are joint and several obligations of imi and the guarantors. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
69
(5)   ime is the direct obligor on the gbp notes, which are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on a senior basis, by imi and the guarantors. these guarantees are joint and several obligations of imi and the guarantors. see note 5 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report.
(6)   includes (a) real estate mortgages of $2.7 million, (b) capital lease obligations of $235.4 million, and (c) other various notes and other obligations, which were assumed by us as a result of certain acquisitions, of $95.5 million.
(7)   the special purpose subsidiaries are the obligors under this program.
on july 2, 2015, we entered into a new credit agreement (the "credit agreement") to refinance our then existing credit agreement (the "former credit agreement") which consisted of a revolving credit facility (the "former revolving credit facility") and a term loan (the "former term loan") and was scheduled to terminate on june 27, 2016. the credit agreement consists of a revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") and a term loan (the "term loan").
the revolving credit facility is supported by a group of 25 banks and enables imi and certain of its united states and foreign subsidiaries to borrow in united states dollars and (subject to sublimits) a variety of other currencies (including canadian dollars, british pounds sterling, euros and australian dollars, among other currencies) in an aggregate outstanding amount not to exceed $1,500.0 million. the term loan is to be paid in quarterly installments in an amount equal to $3.1 million per quarter, with the remaining balance due on july 3, 2019. the credit agreement includes an option to allow us to request additional commitments of up to $500.0 million, in the form of term loans or through increased commitments under the revolving credit facility, subject to the conditions as defined in the credit agreement. the credit agreement terminates on july 6, 2019, at which point all obligations become due, but may be extended by one year at our option, subject to the conditions set forth in the credit agreement. borrowings under the credit agreement may be prepaid without penalty or premium, in whole or in part, at any time.
imi and the guarantors guarantee all obligations under the credit agreement. the interest rate on borrowings under the credit agreement varies depending on our choice of interest rate and currency options, plus an applicable margin, which varies based on our consolidated leverage ratio. additionally, the credit agreement requires the payment of a commitment fee on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility, which fee ranges from between 0.25% to 0.4% based on our consolidated leverage ratio and fees associated with outstanding letters of credit. as of december 31, 2015, we had $784.4 million and $243.8 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility and the term loan, respectively. of the $784.4 million of outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility, $480.4 million was denominated in united states dollars, 190.0 million was denominated in canadian dollars, 105.3 million was denominated in euros and 71.6 million was denominated in australian dollars. in addition, we also had various outstanding letters of credit totaling $36.6 million. the remaining amount available for borrowing under the revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2015, based on imi's leverage ratio, the last 12 months' earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization and rent expense ("ebitdar"), other adjustments as defined in the credit agreement and current external debt, was $678.9 million (which amount represents the maximum availability as of such date). the average interest rate in effect under the credit agreement was 2.7% as of december 31, 2015. the average interest rate in effect under the revolving credit facility was 2.8% and ranged from 2.3% to 4.8% as of december 31, 2015 and the interest rate in effect under the term loan as of december 31, 2015 was 2.5%.
the credit agreement, our indentures and other agreements governing our indebtedness contain certain restrictive financial and operating covenants, including covenants that restrict our ability to complete acquisitions, pay cash dividends, incur indebtedness, make investments, sell assets and take certain other corporate actions. the covenants do not contain a rating trigger. therefore, a change in our debt rating would not trigger a default under the credit agreement, our indentures or other agreements governing our indebtedness. the credit agreement uses ebitdar-based calculations as the primary measures of financial performance, including leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios.
70
our leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios under both the former credit agreement and the credit agreement as of december 31, 2014 and 2015, respectively, and our leverage ratio under our indentures as of december 31, 2014 and 2015 are as follows:
december 31, 2014         december 31, 2015   maximum//minimum allowable(1)
net total lease adjusted leverage ratio               5.4                       5.6              maximum allowable of 6.5
net secured debt lease adjusted leverage ratio        2.6                       2.6              maximum allowable of 4.0
bond leverage ratio (not lease adjusted)              5.7                       5.5              maximum allowable of 6.5
fixed charge coverage ratio                           2.5                       2.4              minimum allowable of 1.5
______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   the maximum and minimum allowable ratios under the credit agreement are substantially similar to the former credit agreement.
as noted in the table above, our maximum allowable net total lease adjusted leverage ratio under the credit agreement is 6.5. the credit agreement also contains a provision which limits, in certain circumstances, our dividends in any four consecutive fiscal quarters to 95% of funds from operations (as defined in the credit agreement) for such four fiscal quarters or, if greater, the amount that we would be required to pay in order to continue to be qualified for taxation as a reit or to avoid the imposition of income or excise taxes on imi. this limitation only is applicable when our net total lease adjusted leverage ratio exceeds 6.0.
noncompliance with these leverage and fixed charge coverage ratios would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and liquidity.
in september 2015, imi completed a private offering of $1,000.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 6% notes due 2020. the net proceeds to imi of $985.0 million, after paying the initial purchasers' commissions and expenses, were used to redeem all of the 63/4% notes, 73/4% notes and 83/8% notes in october 2015. the remaining net proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. we recorded a charge to other expense (income), net of $25.1 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 related to the early extinguishment of this debt. this charge consists of call premiums, original issue discounts and unamortized deferred financing costs.
in march 2015, we entered into a $250.0 million accounts receivable securitization program (the "accounts receivable securitization program") involving several of our wholly owned subsidiaries and certain financial institutions. under the accounts receivable securitization program, certain of our subsidiaries sell substantially all of their united states accounts receivable balances to our wholly owned special purpose entities, iron mountain receivables qrs, llc and iron mountain receivables trs, llc (the "special purpose subsidiaries"). the special purpose subsidiaries use the accounts receivable balances to collateralize loans obtained from certain financial institutions. the special purpose subsidiaries are consolidated subsidiaries of imi. the accounts receivable securitization program is accounted for as a collateralized financing activity, rather than a sale of assets, and therefore: (i) accounts receivable balances pledged as collateral are presented as assets and borrowings are presented as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet, (ii) our consolidated statement of operations reflects the associated charges for bad debt expense related to pledged accounts receivable (a component of selling, general and administrative expenses) and reductions to revenue due to billing and service related credit memos issued to customers and related reserves, as well as, interest expense associated with the collateralized borrowings and (iii) receipts from customers related to the underlying accounts receivable are reflected as operating cash flows and borrowings and repayments under the collateralized loans are reflected as financing cash flows within our consolidated statement of cash flows. iron mountain information management, llc ("imim") retains the responsibility of servicing the accounts receivable balances pledged as collateral in this transaction and imi provides a performance guaranty. the accounts receivable securitization program terminates on march 6, 2018, at which point all obligations become due. the maximum availability allowed is limited by eligible accounts receivable, as defined under the terms of the accounts receivable securitization program. as of december 31, 2015, the maximum availability allowed and amount outstanding under the accounts receivable securitization program was $205.9 million. the interest rate in effect under the accounts receivable securitization program was 1.3% as of december 31, 2015. commitment fees at a rate of 40 basis points are charged on amounts made available but not borrowed under the accounts receivable securitization program.
71
commitment fees and letters of credit fees, which are based on the unused balances under the former revolving credit facility, the revolving credit facility and the accounts receivable securitization program for the years ended december 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015, are as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,
2013                                                          2014                  2015
commitment fees and letters of credit fees      $3,167                $3,322                $3,743
our ability to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, working capital levels and capital structure, which are subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors which may be beyond our control. there can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient cash flow from our operations or that future financings will be available on acceptable terms or in amounts sufficient to enable us to service or refinance our indebtedness or to make necessary capital expenditures.
acquisitions in december 2015, in order to expand our offerings in our adjacent businesses operating segment, we acquired crozier, a storage, logistics and transportation business for high value paintings, photographs and other types of art belonging to individual collectors, galleries and art museums for approximately $74.2 million.
in december 2015, in order to enhance our existing operations in india, we acquired the stock of navbharat archive xpress private limited ("nax"), a storage and records management company with operations in india, for approximately $16.1 million. of the total consideration, approximately $8.9 million was funded by us, while the remaining $7.2 million was contributed by the noncontrolling interest shareholder of our business in india. the amount contributed by our noncontrolling interest shareholder is presented as a source of cash within debt (repayment to) financing from and equity (distribution to) contribution from noncontrolling interests, net in our consolidated statement of cash flows.
in addition to the acquisitions of crozier and nax noted above, during 2015, in order to enhance our existing operations in australia, austria, canada, chile, hungary, india, serbia, the united kingdom and the united states, we completed 12 acquisitions for total consideration of approximately $27.6 million. these acquisitions included nine storage and records management companies, two storage and data management companies and one personal storage company. the individual purchase prices of these acquisitions ranged from approximately $1.0 million to $5.4 million.
proposed recall acquisition on june 8, 2015, we entered into the recall agreement with recall to acquire recall by way of the scheme. under the terms of the recall agreement, recall shareholders are entitled to receive the cash supplement as well as either (1) 0.1722 shares of our common stock for each recall share or (2) the cash election. the cash election is subject to the cash election cap. amounts paid to recall shareholders that represent the cash supplement are excluded from the calculation of the cash election cap. assuming a sufficient number of recall shareholders elect the cash election such that we pay the cash election cap, we expect to issue approximately 50.7 million shares of our common stock and, based on the exchange rate between the united states dollar and the australian dollar as of february 19, 2016, pay approximately us$323.0 million to recall shareholders in connection with the recall transaction which, based on the closing price of our common stock as of february 19, 2016, would result in a total purchase price to recall shareholders of approximately $1,791.0 million. completion of the scheme is subject to customary closing conditions, including among others, (i) approval by recall shareholders of the scheme by the requisite majority under the australian corporations act, (ii) expiration or earlier termination of any applicable waiting period and receipt of regulatory consents, approvals and clearances, in each case, under the hart-scott-rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended, and under relevant antitrust/competition and foreign investment legislation in other relevant jurisdictions, (iii) the absence of any final, non-appealable order, decree or law preventing, making illegal or prohibiting the completion of the recall transaction, (iv) approval from the nyse to the listing of additional shares of our common stock to be issued in the recall transaction, (v) the establishment of a secondary listing on the asx to allow recall shareholders to trade our common stock via chess depository interests on the asx, (vi) recall's delivery of tax opinions in accordance and in compliance with certain tax matter agreements to which recall is a party and (vii) no events having occurred that would have a material adverse effect on recall or us. we continue to work toward closing of the recall transaction and related integration planning.
72
there are significant costs associated with the recall transaction. we currently estimate total operating and capital expenditures associated with the recall transaction to be approximately $380.0 million, the majority of which is expected to be incurred by the end of 2018. this amount consists of approximately $80.0 million of recall deal close costs and approximately $300.0 million of recall integration costs. of these amounts, approximately $47.1 million was incurred through december 31, 2015 ($24.7 million of recall deal close costs and $22.4 million of recall integration costs), including approximately $47.0 million of operating expenditures and approximately $0.1 million of capital expenditures.
additionally, upon closing of the recall transaction we will incur costs associated with (i) the cash components of the purchase price noted above and (ii) the payoff of outstanding borrowings under recall's existing revolving credit facility.
we expect the total cost to close the recall transaction (including recall deal close costs, the cash components of the purchase price and the payoff of recall's revolving credit facility, but excluding recall integration costs) to be approximately $1,100.0 million. we intend to fund these costs through a combination of cash on hand, borrowings under our revolving credit facility and, as necessary, public or private debt financing.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 and the anticipated effect of these obligations on our liquidity in future years (in thousands):
payments due by period total             less than1 year                 1-3 years                 3-5 years            more than5 years capital lease obligations                                               $235,348                 $43,705                     $68,086                   $40,502                   $83,055
long-term debt obligations (excluding capital lease obligations)       4,668,629                  44,363                     290,854                 1,992,898                 2,340,514
interest payments(1)                                                   1,561,177                 254,626                     460,373                   424,060                   422,118
operating lease obligations(2)                                         2,000,010                 215,530                     397,937                   350,165                 1,036,378
purchase and asset retirement obligations                                109,890                  54,424                      36,339                     3,762                    15,365
total(3)                                                              $8,575,054                $612,648                  $1,253,589                $2,811,387                $3,897,430
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)   amounts include variable rate interest payments, which are calculated utilizing the applicable interest rates as of december 31, 2015; see note 4 to notes to consolidated financial statements included in this annual report. amounts also include interest on capital leases.
(2)   these amounts are net of sublease income of $28.6 million in total (including $4.8 million, $7.7 million, $5.8 million and $10.3 million, in less than 1 year, 1-3 years, 3-5 years and more than 5 years, respectively).
(3)   the table above excludes $47.7 million in uncertain tax positions as we are unable to make reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective taxing authorities.
we expect to meet our cash flow requirements for the next twelve months from cash generated from operations, existing cash, cash equivalents, borrowings under the credit agreement and other financings, which may include senior or senior subordinated notes, secured credit facilities, securitizations and mortgage or capital lease financings, and the issuance of equity. we expect to meet our long-term cash flow requirements using the same means described above. we are highly leveraged and expect to continue to be highly leveraged for the foreseeable future. as a reit, we expect our long-term capital allocation strategy will naturally shift towards lower leverage, though our leverage has increased over the last several fiscal years to fund the costs of the reit conversion and the recall transaction.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in regulation s-k item 303(a)(4)(ii).
73
net operating losses we have federal net operating loss carryforwards, which expire in 2021 through 2033, of $70.8 million at december 31, 2015 to reduce future federal taxable income, on which $3.0 million of federal tax benefit is expected to be realized. we can carry forward these net operating losses to the extent we do not utilize them in any given taxable year. we have state net operating loss carryforwards, which expire from 2016 through 2034, on which an insignificant state tax benefit is expected to be realized. we have assets for foreign net operating losses of $66.2 million, with various expiration dates (and in some cases no expiration date), subject to a valuation allowance of approximately 91%.
inflation certain of our expenses, such as wages and benefits, insurance, occupancy costs and equipment repair and replacement, are subject to normal inflationary pressures. although to date we have been able to offset inflationary cost increases through increased operating efficiencies, the negotiation of favorable long-term real estate leases and customer contracts which contain provisions for inflationary price escalators, we can give no assurance that we will be able to offset any future inflationary cost increases through similar efficiencies, leases or increased storage rental or service charges.
