item 1a.  risk factors volatility and disruption in world capital and credit markets, as well as adverse changes in the global economy, can negatively affect invesco's revenues, operations, financial condition and liquidity.
in recent years, capital and credit markets have experienced substantial volatility. in this regard:
•   in the event of extreme circumstances, including economic, political, or business crises, such as a widespread systemic failure or disruptions in the global financial system or failures of firms that have significant obligations as counterparties on financial instruments, we may suffer significant declines in aum and severe liquidity or valuation problems in managed investment products in which client and company assets are invested, all of which would adversely affect our operating results, financial condition, liquidity, credit ratings, ability to access capital markets, and retention and ability to attract key employees. additionally, these factors could impact our ability to realize the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.
•   in addition to the impact of the market volatility on client portfolios, illiquidity and/or volatility of the global fixed income and/or equity markets could negatively affect our ability to manage client inflows and outflows or to timely meet client redemption requests.
•   our money market funds have always maintained a net asset value (nav) of $1.00 per share; however, we do not guarantee such level. market conditions could lead to severe liquidity issues in money market products, which could affect their navs.
•   if the nav of one of our money market funds were to decline below $1.00 per share, such funds could experience significant redemptions in aum, loss of shareholder confidence and reputational harm. in the u.s., regulations requiring a variable ("floating") nav for institutional money market funds will become effective in 2016.
•   even if central bank, legislative or regulatory initiatives or other efforts continue to stabilize the financial markets, we may need to modify our strategies, businesses or operations, and we may incur increased capital requirements and constraints or additional costs in order to satisfy new regulatory requirements or to compete in a changed business environment.
we may not adjust our expenses quickly enough to match significant deterioration in global financial markets.
if we are unable to effect appropriate expense reductions in a timely manner in response to declines in our revenues, or if we are otherwise unable to adapt to rapid changes in the global marketplace, our profitability, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.
our revenues and profitability would be adversely affected by any reduction in aum as a result of either a decline in market value of such assets or net outflows, which would reduce the investment management fees we earn.
we derive substantially all of our revenues from investment management contracts with clients. under these contracts, the investment management fees paid to us are typically based on the market value of aum. aum may decline for various reasons. for any period in which revenues decline, our income and operating margin likely would decline by a greater proportion because a majority of expenses remain fixed. factors that could decrease aum (and therefore revenues) include the following:
declines in the market value of the assets in the funds and accounts managed. these could be caused by price declines in the securities markets generally or by price declines in the market segments in which our aum are concentrated. approximately 48% of our total aum were invested in equity securities and approximately 52% were invested in fixed income and other investments at december 31, 2015. our aum as of january 31, 2016 were $740.9 billion. we cannot predict whether volatility in the markets will result in substantial or sustained declines in the securities markets generally or result in price declines in market segments in which our aum are concentrated. any of the foregoing could negatively impact our revenues, income and operating margin.
redemptions and other withdrawals from, or shifting among, the funds and accounts managed. these could be caused by investors (in response to adverse market conditions or pursuit of other investment opportunities) reducing their investments in funds and accounts in general or in the market segments on which invesco focuses; investors taking profits from their investments; poor investment performance of the funds and accounts managed by invesco; and portfolio risk characteristics, which could cause investors to move assets to other investment managers. poor performance relative to other investment management firms tends to result in decreased sales, increased redemptions of fund shares and the loss of private institutional accounts, with corresponding decreases in our revenues. failure of our funds and accounts to perform well could, therefore, have a material adverse effect on us. furthermore, the fees we earn vary with the types of assets being managed, with higher fees earned on
11
actively managed equity and balanced accounts, along with real estate and other alternative asset products, and lower fees earned on fixed income, stable return accounts, and certain etfs. our revenues may decline if clients continue to shift their investments to lower fee accounts. in addition, the loss of key personnel or significant investment management professionals could reduce the attractiveness of our products to current and potential clients and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
investments in international markets. investment products that we manage may have significant investments in international markets that are subject to significant risks of loss from political, economic, and diplomatic developments, currency fluctuations, social instability, changes in governmental policies, expropriation, nationalization and asset confiscation. international trading markets, particularly emerging markets and frontier markets, are often smaller, less liquid, less regulated and significantly more volatile than those in the developed world.
our investment advisory agreements are subject to termination or non-renewal, and our fund and other investors may withdraw their assets at any time.
substantially all of our revenues are derived from investment management agreements. investment management agreements are generally terminable upon 30 or fewer days' notice. agreements with u.s. mutual funds may be terminated with notice, or terminated in the event of an "assignment" (as defined in the investment company act of 1940, as amended), and must be renewed annually by the disinterested members of each fund's board of trustees or directors, as required by law. in addition, the boards of trustees or directors of certain other fund accounts generally may terminate these investment management agreements upon written notice for any reason. mutual fund and unit trust investors may generally withdraw their funds at any time without prior notice. institutional clients may elect to terminate their relationships with us or reduce the aggregate amount of aum, generally on short notice. any termination of or failure to renew a significant number of these agreements, or any other loss of a significant number of our clients or aum, would adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
our revenues and profitability from money market and other fixed income assets may be harmed by interest rate, liquidity and credit volatility.
certain institutional investors using money market products and other short-term duration fixed income products for cash management purposes may shift these investments to direct investments in comparable instruments in order to realize higher yields than those available in money market and other fund products holding lower yielding instruments. these redemptions would reduce managed assets, thereby reducing our revenues. in addition, rising interest rates will tend to reduce the market value of fixed income investments and fixed income derivatives held in various investment portfolios and other products. thus, increases in interest rates could have an adverse effect on our revenues from money market portfolios and from other fixed income products. if securities within a money market portfolio default or investor redemptions force the portfolio to realize losses, there could be negative pressure on its nav. although money market investments are not guaranteed instruments, the company might decide, under such a scenario, that it is in its best interest to provide support in the form of a support agreement, capital infusion, or other methods to help stabilize a declining nav. some of these methods could have an adverse impact on our profitability. additionally, we have investments in fixed income assets, including collateralized loan obligations and seed money in fixed income funds, the valuation of which could change with changes in interest and default rates.
performance fees may increase revenue and earnings volatility.
a portion of the company's revenues is derived from performance fees on investment advisory assignments. performance fees represented $85.9 million, or 1.7%, of total operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015. in most cases, performance fees are based on relative or absolute investment returns, although in some cases they are based on achieving specific service standards. generally, the company is entitled to performance fees only if the returns on the related portfolios exceed agreed-upon periodic or cumulative return targets. if these targets are not exceeded, performance fees for that period will not be earned and, if targets are based on cumulative returns, the company may not earn performance fees in future periods. performance fees will vary from period to period in relation to volatility in investment returns and the timing of revenue recognition, causing earnings to be more volatile.
12
the soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us.
financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. we, and the products and accounts that we manage, have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, clearing organizations, hedge funds, and other institutional clients. many of these transactions expose us or the funds and accounts that we manage to credit risk in the event of default of its counterparty. while we regularly conduct assessments of such risk posed by our counterparties, the risk of non-performance by such parties is subject to sudden swings in the financial and credit markets.
our financial condition and liquidity would be adversely affected by losses on our seed capital and co-investments.
the company has investments in managed investment products that invest in a variety of asset classes, including, but not limited to equities, fixed income products, commodities, derivatives, and similar financial instruments, private equity, and real estate. investments in these products are generally made to establish a track record, meet purchase size requirements for trading blocks, or demonstrate economic alignment with other investors in our funds. adverse market conditions may result in the need to write down the value of these seed capital and co-investments. a reduction in the value of these investments may adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity. as of december 31, 2015, the company had $783.9 million in seed capital and co-investments, including direct investments in consolidated investment products (cip) and consolidated sponsored investment products (csip).
we operate in an industry that is highly regulated in many countries, and any enforcement action or adverse changes in the laws or regulations governing our business could decrease our revenues and profitability.
as with all investment management companies, our activities are highly regulated in almost all countries in which we conduct business. laws and regulations applied at the national, state or provincial and local level generally grant governmental agencies and industry self-regulatory authorities broad administrative discretion over our activities, including the power to limit or restrict our business activities, conduct examinations, risk assessments, investigations and capital adequacy reviews, and impose remedial programs to address perceived deficiencies. as a result of regulatory oversight, we could face requirements which negatively impact the way in which we conduct business, increase compliance costs, impose additional capital requirements and/or involve enforcement actions which could lead to sanctions up to and including the revocation of licenses to operate certain businesses, the suspension or expulsion from a particular jurisdiction or market of any of our business organizations or their key personnel, or the imposition of fines and censures on us or our employees. judgments or findings of wrongdoing by regulatory or governmental authorities, or in private litigation against us, could affect our reputation, increase our costs of doing business and/or negatively impact our revenues, any of which could have a material negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
a substantial portion of the products and services we offer are regulated by the securities and exchange commission (sec), financial industry regulatory authority (finra), the commodities future trading commission (cftc), the national futures association (nfa) and the texas department of banking in the united states and by the financial conduct authority (fca) and the prudential regulatory authority (pra) in the united kingdom. subsidiaries operating in the european union ("eu") are subject to various eu directives, which are implemented by member state national legislation. our operations elsewhere in the world are regulated by similar regulatory organizations.
the regulatory environment in which we operate frequently changes and has seen a significant increase in regulation in recent years. various changes in laws and regulations have been enacted or otherwise developed in multiple jurisdictions globally in response to the crisis in the financial markets that began in 2007. various other proposals remain under consideration by legislators, regulators, and other government officials and other public policy commentators. certain enacted provisions and certain other proposals are potentially far reaching and, depending upon their implementation, could have a material impact on invesco's business. while certain of these provisions appear to address perceived problems in the banking sector, some will or may be applied more broadly and affect other financial services companies, including investment managers. we may be adversely affected as a result of the new or revised legislation or regulations or by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and regulations. to the extent that existing regulations are interpreted or amended or future regulations are adopted in a manner that reduces the sale, or increases the redemptions, of our products and services, or that negatively affects the investment performance of our products or impacts our product mix, our aggregate aum and our revenues could be adversely affected. in addition, regulatory changes have imposed and may continue to impose additional costs or capital requirements, which could negatively impact our profitability or return on equity.
in the united states, the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd-frank act") was signed into law in july 2010. while invesco does not believe that the dodd-frank act will fundamentally change the investment management
13
industry or cause invesco to reconsider its basic strategy, certain provisions have required, and other provisions will or may require, us to change or impose new limitations on the manner in which we conduct business; they also have increased regulatory burdens and related compliance costs, and will or may continue to do so. moreover, the dodd-frank act mandated many regulatory studies, some of which pertain directly to the investment management industry, which could lead to additional legislation or regulation.
in december 2014, sec chair mary jo white announced a comprehensive agenda for regulatory change governing the u.s. asset management industry and directed sec staff to develop a five-part series of new regulations addressing the topics of enhanced portfolio reporting, liquidity risk management, leverage and use of derivatives, adviser wind up and stress testing for funds and advisers.  during 2015, the sec proposed new rules for the first three of these initiatives with additional proposals on the remaining agenda items expected in 2016. when finalized during 2016 or later, these new industry rules can be expected to add additional reporting and compliance costs and may affect the development of new products and the ability to continue to offer certain strategies through a registered investment company format.
the european union has promulgated or is considering various new or revised directives pertaining to financial services, including investment managers. such directives are progressing at various stages, and have been, are being, or will or would be implemented by national legislation in member states. as with the dodd-frank act, invesco does not believe implementation of these directives will fundamentally change our industry or cause us to reconsider our fundamental strategy, but certain provisions have required, and other provisions will or may require, us to change or impose new limitations on the manner in which we conduct business; they also have increased regulatory burdens and compliance costs, and will or may continue to do so. certain provisions may have unintended adverse consequences on the liquidity or structure of the financial markets. similar developments are being implemented or considered in other jurisdictions where we do business; such developments could have similar effects.
developments under regulatory changes will or may include, without limitation:
•   expanded regulation over investment management firms.
•   new or increased capital requirements and related regulation.
•   changes in the u.s. to the regulation of money market funds, including new requirements effective in 2016 for a floating net asset value (nav) for certain institutional money market funds and requirements for imposing liquidity fees and redemption limits or "gates" for all money market funds (except government funds) when fund liquidity is depleted. these regulatory reforms will necessitate structural and operational changes to invesco's u.s. money market fund products.
•   additional change to the regulation of money market funds in the eu requiring capital buffers.
•   limitations on holdings of certain commodities under proposed regulations of the cftc which could result in capacity constraints for our balanced risk products and other products that employ commodities as part of their investment strategy.
•   the u.s. department of labor ("dol") has reintroduced regulations that, if adopted, would treat as fiduciaries any person who provides investment advice or recommendations to employee benefit plans, plan fiduciaries, plan participants, plan beneficiaries, individual retirement accounts (iras) or ira owners. the proposal has wide-ranging consequences for invesco and our u.s. distribution partners and product line. under the new rules, firms and individuals who recommend financial products to retirement investors would be required to act in the best interest of the investor and, to receive variable compensation, would be required to enter into a contract with clients and produce complex disclosure documents intended to highlight financial conflicts of interest that may arise from the compensation the financial adviser receives from firms like invesco. invesco submitted a comment letter on these proposals on july 21, 2015, with a focus on the unintended consequences of the proposal and ways in which the dol can improve upon the proposal by expanding carve outs for investment education and sales activity and reducing the burdensome contract and disclosure requirements. we expect the final regulations to be promulgated in the first half of 2016.
•   other changes to the distribution of investment funds and other investment products. in the u.s., the sec previously has proposed and may repropose significant changes to rule 12b-1, and may propose other regulatory changes impacting distribution of investment funds. invesco believes these proposals could increase operational and compliance costs. the eu has implemented the alternative investment fund manager directive ("aifmd"); implementing legislation in member states has, among other elements, imposed restrictions on the marketing and sale within the eu of private equity and other alternative investment funds sponsored by non-eu managers. various regulators promulgated or are considering other new disclosure or suitability requirements pertaining to the distribution of investment funds and other investment products, including enhanced standards and requirements pertaining to disclosures made to retail investors at the point of sale.
•   the markets in financial instruments directive ii ("mifid ii") in the eu seeks to promote a single market for wholesale and retail transactions in financial instruments. mifid ii addresses the conduct of business rules for intermediaries providing investment services and the effective, efficient and safe operation of financial markets. key elements of mifid ii are the extent to which retrocessions may be paid and the use of trading commissions to fund research.
14
•   an increased focus on liquidity in fixed income funds.
•   increased regulatory scrutiny on operations of private equity funds.
•   guidelines regarding the structure and components of fund manager compensation, including under various eu directives.
•   new requirements pertaining to the trading of securities and other financial instruments, such as swaps and other derivatives, including certain provisions of the dodd-frank act and european market infrastructure regulation; these include a significant amount of new reporting requirements, designated trading venues, mandated central clearing arrangements, restrictions on proprietary trading by certain financial institutions, other conduct requirements and potentially new taxes or similar fees.
•   broadening of the reach of regulatory bodies into areas where they have not been previously (e.g. the required registration of hedge funds and other private funds with the sec).
•   heightened regulatory examinations and inspections, including enforcement reviews, and a more aggressive posture regarding commencing enforcement proceedings resulting in fines, penalties and additional remedial activities to firms and to individuals. without limiting the generality of the foregoing, regulators in the united states and the united kingdom have taken and can be expected to continue to take a more aggressive posture on bringing enforcement proceedings.
•   enhanced licensing and qualification requirements for key personnel.
•   other additional rules and regulations and disclosure requirements. certain provisions impose additional disclosure burdens on public companies. certain proposals could impose requirements for more widespread disclosures of compensation to highly-paid individuals. depending upon the scope of any such requirements, invesco could be disadvantaged in retaining key employees vis-à-vis private companies, including hedge fund sponsors.
•   strengthening standards regarding various ethical matters, including enhanced focus of u.s. regulators and law enforcement agencies on compliance with the foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and anti-money-laundering laws and regulations.
•   regulations promulgated to address perceptions that the asset management industry, or certain of its entities or activities, pose systematic risks to the financial system.
•   other changes impacting the identity or the organizational structure of regulators with supervisory authority over invesco.
•   regulations promulgated to address risks of fraud, malfeasance or other adverse consequences stemming from cyber attacks.
invesco cannot at this time predict the full impact of potential legal and regulatory changes or possible enforcement proceedings on its business. such changes have imposed, and may continue to impose, new compliance costs and/or capital requirements, including costs related to information technology systems, or impact invesco in other ways that could have a material adverse impact on invesco's results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. similarly, regulatory enforcement actions which impose significant penalties or compliance obligations or which result in significant reputational harm could have similar material adverse effects on invesco. moreover, certain legal or regulatory changes could require us to modify our strategies, businesses or operations, and we may incur other new constraints or costs, including the investment of significant management time and resources in order to satisfy new regulatory requirements or to compete in a changed business environment. in recent years, certain regulatory developments have also added pressures regarding fee levels.
to the extent that existing or future regulations affecting the sale of our products and services or our investment strategies cause or contribute to reduced sales or increased redemptions of our products, impair the investment performance of our products or impact our product mix, our aggregate aum and results of operations might be adversely affected.
distribution of earnings of our subsidiaries may be subject to limitations, including net capital requirements.
substantially all of our operations are conducted through our subsidiaries. as a result, our cash flow and our ability to fund operations are dependent upon the earnings of our subsidiaries and the distribution of earnings, intercompany loans or other payments by our subsidiaries to us. any payments to us by our subsidiaries could be subject to statutory or contractual restrictions and are contingent upon our subsidiaries' earnings and business considerations. for example, certain of our subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels of capital. such requirements may change from time-to-time as additional guidance is released based on a variety of factors, including balance sheet composition, assessment of risk exposures and governance, and review from regulators. these and other similar provisions of applicable law may have the effect of limiting withdrawals of capital, repayment of intercompany loans and payment of dividends by such entities. all of our regulated eu subsidiaries are subject to consolidated capital requirements under eu directives, including those arising from the capital requirements directive iv (crd iv) and the internal capital adequacy assessment process (icaap), and capital is maintained within this sub-group to satisfy these regulations. we meet these requirements in part by holding cash and cash equivalents. this retained cash can be used for general business purposes in the european sub-group in the countries where it is located. due to the capital restrictions, the ability to transfer cash
15
between certain jurisdictions may be limited. in addition, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences. as of december 31, 2015, the company's minimum regulatory capital requirement was $534.7 million (december 31, 2014: $416.0 million). complying with our regulatory commitments may result in an increase in the capital requirements applicable to the european sub-group. as a result of corporate restructuring and regulatory requirements, certain of these eu subsidiaries may be required to limit their dividends to the ultimate parent company, invesco ltd. our financial condition or liquidity could be adversely affected if certain of our subsidiaries are unable to distribute funds to us.
civil litigation and governmental investigations and enforcement actions could adversely affect our aum and future financial results, and increase our costs of doing business.
invesco and certain related entities have in recent years been subject to various legal proceedings, including civil litigation and governmental investigations and enforcement actions. these actions can arise from normal business operations and/or matters that have been the subject of previous regulatory reviews. further, as a global company with investment products registered in numerous countries and subject to the jurisdiction of one or more regulators in each country, at any given time, our business operations may be subject to review, investigation or disciplinary action. for example, in the united states, united kingdom, and other jurisdictions in which the company operates, governmental authorities regularly make inquiries, hold investigations and administer market conduct examinations with respect to the company's compliance with applicable laws and regulations. lawsuits or regulatory enforcement actions arising out of these inquiries may in the future be filed against the company and related entities and individuals in the united states, united kingdom, and other jurisdictions in which the company and its affiliates operate. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 18 -- "commitments and contingencies," for additional information. judgments in civil litigation or findings of wrongdoing by regulatory or governmental authorities against us could affect our reputation, increase our costs of doing business and/or negatively impact our revenues, any of which could have a material negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
we are exposed to a number of risks arising from our international operations.
we operate in a number of jurisdictions outside of the united states. we have offices in numerous countries and many cross border and local proprietary funds that are domiciled outside the united states and may face difficulties in managing, operating and marketing our international operations. our international operations expose us to the political and economic consequences of operating in foreign jurisdictions and subject us to expropriation risks, expatriation controls and potential adverse tax consequences.
our investment management professionals and other key employees are a vital part of our ability to attract and retain clients, and the loss of key individuals or a significant portion of those professionals could result in a reduction of our revenues and profitability.
retaining highly skilled technical and management personnel is important to our ability to attract and retain retail shareholder accounts and other clients. the market for investment management professionals is competitive and has grown more so in recent periods as the investment management industry has experienced growth. the market for investment professionals is also increasingly characterized by the movement of investment professionals among different firms. our policy has been to provide our investment management professionals with a supportive professional working environment and compensation and benefits (including equity and other forms of deferred compensation) that we believe are competitive with other leading investment management firms. however, we may not be successful in retaining our key personnel, and the loss of significant investment professionals or other key personnel could reduce the attractiveness of our products to potential and current clients and could, therefore, adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
if our reputation is harmed, we could suffer losses in our business, revenues and net income.
our business depends on earning and maintaining the trust and confidence of clients, regulators and other market participants, and our good reputation is critical to our business. our reputation is vulnerable to many threats that can be difficult or impossible to control, and costly or impossible to remediate. regulatory inquiries, investigations or findings of wrongdoing, material errors in public reports, intentional or unintentional misrepresentation of our products and services in advertising materials, public relations information, social media or other external communications, operational failures (including cyber breaches), employee dishonesty or other misconduct and rumors, among other things, can substantially damage our reputation, even if they are baseless or eventually satisfactorily addressed.
our business also requires us continuously to manage actual and potential conflicts of interest, including situations where our services to a particular client conflict, or are perceived to conflict, with the interests of another client or those of invesco. the willingness of clients to enter into transactions in which such a conflict might arise may be affected if we fail - or appear to fail -
16
to deal appropriately with conflicts of interest. in addition, potential or perceived conflicts could give rise to litigation or regulatory enforcement actions.
we have procedures and controls that are designed to address and manage these risks, but this task can be complex and difficult, and if our procedures and controls fail, our reputation could be damaged. any damage to our reputation could impede our ability to attract and retain clients and key personnel, and lead to a reduction in the amount of our aum, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
failure to establish adequate controls and risk management policies, the circumvention of controls and policies, or fraud could have an adverse effect on our reputation and financial position.
we have established a comprehensive risk management process and continue to enhance various controls, procedures, policies and systems to monitor and manage risks to our business; however, we cannot be assured that such controls, procedures, policies and systems will successfully identify and manage internal and external risks to our business. we are subject to the risk that our employees, contractors or other third parties may deliberately seek to circumvent established controls to commit fraud (including through cyber breaches) or act in ways that are inconsistent with our controls, policies and procedures. persistent or repeated attempts involving conflicts of interests, circumvention of policies and controls or fraud could have a materially adverse impact on our reputation and could lead to costly regulatory inquiries.
failure to comply with client contractual requirements and/or investment guidelines could result in damage awards against us and loss of revenues due to client terminations.
many of the investment management agreements under which we manage assets or provide products or services specify investment guidelines or requirements that invesco is required to observe in the provision of its services. laws and regulations impose similar requirements for certain accounts. a failure to comply with these guidelines or requirements could result in damage to our reputation or in our clients seeking to recover losses, withdrawing their assets or terminating their contracts, any of which could cause our revenues and profitability to decline. we maintain various compliance procedures and other controls to prevent, detect and correct such errors. when an error is detected, a payment will typically made into the applicable client account to correct it. significant errors for which we are responsible could impact our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
competitive pressures may force us to reduce the fees we charge to clients, increase commissions paid to our financial intermediaries or provide more support to those intermediaries or could limit or reduct sales of our products, all of which could reduce our profitability.
the investment management business is highly competitive, and we compete based on a variety of factors, including investment performance, the range of products offered, brand recognition, business reputation, financial strength, stability and continuity of client and financial intermediary relationships, quality of service, level of fees charged for services and the level of compensation paid and distribution support offered to financial intermediaries. we continue to face market pressures regarding fee levels in certain products.
we face strong competition in every market in which we operate. our competitors include a large number of investment management firms, commercial banks, investment banks, broker-dealers, hedge funds, insurance companies and other financial institutions. some of these institutions have greater capital and other resources, and offer more comprehensive lines of products and services, than we do. our competitors seek to expand their market share in many of the products and services we offer. if these competitors are successful, our revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. in addition, there are relatively few barriers to entry by new investment management firms, and the successful efforts of new entrants into our various distribution channels around the world have also resulted in increased competition.
in recent years there have been several instances of industry consolidation, both in the area of distributors and manufacturers of investment products. further consolidation may occur in these areas in the future. the increasing size and market influence of certain distributors of our products and of certain direct competitors may have a negative impact on our ability to compete at the same levels of profitability in the future, should we find ourselves unable to maintain relevance in the markets in which we compete.
in the current low-interest rate environment, alongside the implementation of significant global quantitative easing policies and volatility in equity markets, investors are increasingly attracted to lower fee passive products, which have gained and may continue to gain share at the expense of active products.
17
we may be unable to develop new products and services and the development of new products and services may expose us to additional costs or operational risk.
our financial performance depends, in part, on the company's ability to develop, market and manage new investment products and services. the development and introduction of new products and services requires continued innovative efforts on our part and may require significant time and resources as well as ongoing support and investment. substantial risk and uncertainties are associated with the introduction of new products and services, including the implementation of new and appropriate operational controls and procedures, shifting client and market preferences, the introduction of competing products or services and compliance with regulatory requirements. a failure to continue to innovate to introduce new products and services or to manage successfully the risks associated with such products and services may impact our market share relevance and may cause our aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
we may engage in strategic transactions that could create risks.
we regularly review, and from time-to-time have discussions with and engage in, potential strategic transactions, including potential acquisitions, dispositions, consolidations, joint ventures or similar transactions, some of which may be material. there can be no assurance that we will find suitable candidates for strategic transactions at acceptable prices, have sufficient capital resources to pursue such transactions, be successful in negotiating the required agreements, or successfully close transactions after signing such agreements.
acquisitions also pose the risk that any business we acquire may lose customers or employees or could underperform relative to expectations. we could also experience financial or other setbacks if pending transactions encounter unanticipated problems, including problems related to closing or integration. following the completion of an acquisition, we may have to rely on the seller to provide administrative and other support, including financial reporting and internal controls, to the acquired business for a period of time. there can be no assurance that such sellers will do so in a manner that is acceptable to us.
our ability to maintain our credit ratings and to access the capital markets in a timely manner should we seek to do so depends on a number of factors.
our access to the capital markets depends significantly on our credit ratings. we have received credit ratings of a/stable from standard & poor's ratings services, a2/stable from moody's and a-/positive from fitch ratings, as of the date hereof. we believe that rating agency concerns include but are not limited to the fact that our revenues are exposed to equity market volatility and the potential impact from regulatory changes to the industry. additionally, the rating agencies could decide to downgrade the entire investment management industry, based on their perspective of future growth and solvency. material deterioration of these factors, and others defined by each rating agency, could result in downgrades to our credit ratings, thereby limiting our ability to generate additional financing. our credit facility borrowing rates are tied to our credit ratings. management believes that solid investment grade ratings are an important factor in winning and maintaining institutional business and strives to manage the company to maintain such ratings.
a reduction in our long-term credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs, could limit our access to the capital markets, and may result in outflows thereby reducing aum and revenues. volatility in global finance markets may also affect our ability to access the capital markets should we seek to do so. if we are unable to access capital markets in a timely manner, our business could be adversely affected.
our indebtedness could adversely affect our financial position or results of operations.
as of december 31, 2015, we had outstanding total debt of $2,072.8 million, excluding debt of cip, and total equity attributable to invesco ltd. of $7,885.3 million. the amount of indebtedness we carry could limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements or other purposes, increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions, limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or industry, and place us at a disadvantage in relation to our competitors. any or all of the above factors could materially adversely affect our financial position or results of operations.
18
our credit facility imposes restrictions on our ability to conduct business and, if amounts borrowed under it were subject to accelerated repayment, we might not have sufficient assets or liquidity to repay such amounts in full.
our credit facility requires us to maintain specified financial ratios, including maximum debt-to-earnings and minimum interest coverage ratios. this credit facility also contains customary affirmative operating covenants and negative covenants that, among other things, restrict certain of our subsidiaries' ability to incur debt and restrict our ability to transfer assets, merge, make loans and other investments and create liens. the breach of any covenant (either due to our actions or due to a significant and prolonged market-driven decline in our operating results) would result in a default under the credit facility. in the event of any such default, lenders that are party to the credit facility could refuse to make further extensions of credit to us and require all amounts borrowed under the credit facility, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. if any indebtedness under the credit facility were subject to accelerated repayment, we might not have sufficient liquid assets to repay such indebtedness in full.
changes in the distribution channels on which we depend could reduce our net revenues and hinder our growth.
we sell substantially all of our retail investment products through a variety of third party financial intermediaries, including major wire houses, fund supermarkets, regional broker-dealers, insurance companies, banks and financial planners in north america, and independent brokers and financial advisors, banks and supermarket platforms in europe and asia. no single one of these intermediaries is material to our business. increasing competition for these distribution channels could nevertheless cause our distribution costs to rise, which would lower our net revenues. following the financial crisis, there has been consolidation of banks and broker-dealers, particularly in the u.s., and a limited amount of migration of brokers and financial advisors away from major banks to independent firms focused largely on providing advice. if these changes continue, our distribution costs could increase as a percentage of our revenues generated. additionally, particularly outside of the u.s., certain of the third party intermediaries upon whom we rely to distribute our investment products also sell their own competing proprietary funds and investment products, which could limit the distribution of our products. increasingly, investors, particularly in the institutional market, rely on external consultants and other third parties for advice on the choice of investment manager. these consultants and third parties tend to exert a significant degree of influence over their clients' choices, and they may favor a competitor of invesco as better meeting their particular clients' needs. there is no assurance that our investment products will be among their recommended choices in the future. if a material portion of our distributors were to cease operations, it could have a significant adverse effect on our revenues and profitability. any failure to maintain strong business relationships with these distribution sources and the consultant community would impair our ability to sell our products, which in turn could have a negative effect on our revenues and profitability.
our business is vulnerable to deficiencies and failures in support systems and customer service functions that could lead to breaches and errors or reputational harm, resulting in loss of customers or claims against us or our subsidiaries.
in addition to investment management, our services include fund administration, sales, distribution, marketing, shareholder servicing, and trust, custody and other fiduciary services. in order to be competitive and comply with our agreements, we must properly perform our fund and portfolio administration and related responsibilities, including portfolio recordkeeping and accounting, security pricing, corporate actions, investment restrictions compliance, daily net asset value computations, account reconciliations, and required distributions to fund shareholders. the ability to consistently and reliably obtain accurate securities pricing information, process client portfolio and fund shareholder transactions and provide reports and other customer service to fund shareholders and clients in accounts managed by us is essential to our continuing success. certain types of securities may experience liquidity constraints that would require increased use of fair value pricing, which is dependent on certain subjective judgments that have the potential to be challenged. any delays or inaccuracies in obtaining pricing information, processing such transactions or such reports, other breaches and errors, and any inadequacies in other customer service, could result in reimbursement obligations or other liabilities, or alienate customers and potentially give rise to claims against us. our customer service capability, as well as our ability to obtain prompt and accurate securities pricing information and to process transactions and reports, is highly dependent on communications and information systems and on third-party service providers. certain of these processes involve a degree of manual input, and thus problems could occur from time-to-time due to human error. our failure to properly perform and monitor our operations or our otherwise suffering deficiencies and failures in these systems or service functions could result in material financial loss or costs, regulatory actions, breach of client contracts, reputational harm or legal claims and liability, which in turn could have a negative effect on our revenues and profitability.
the failure of one of our third party service providers or other key vendors to fulfill its obligations could have a material adverse effect on our reputation or business, which may cause our aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
we depend on third party service providers and other key vendors for various fund administration, accounting, custody, risk analytics, market data, market indices and transfer agent roles, and other distribution and operational needs. if our third party
19
service providers or other key vendors fail to fulfill their obligations to us, it could lead to operational and regulatory problems, including with respect to certain of our products, which could result in losses, enforcement actions, or reputational harm and may cause our aum, revenue and earnings to decline.
we depend on information technology, and any failures of or damage to, attack on or unauthorized access to our information technology systems or facilities, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could result in significant limits on our ability to conduct our operations and activities, costs and reputational damage.
we are highly dependent upon the use of various proprietary and third-party information and security technology, software applications and other technology systems to operate our business. we are also dependent on the effectiveness of our information and cyber security infrastructure, policies, procedures and capabilities to protect our computer and telecommunications systems and the data that reside on or are transmitted through them. we use our technology to, among other things, manage and trade portfolio investments, support our other operations, obtain securities pricing information, process client transactions, and provide reports and other customer services to the clients of the funds we manage. any inaccuracies, delays, systems failures or security breaches in these and other processes could disrupt our business operations, subject us to client dissatisfaction and losses and/or subject us to reputational harm.
our computer, communications, data processing, networks, backup, business continuity or other operating, information or technology systems and facilities, including those that we outsource to other providers, may fail to operate properly or become disabled, overloaded or damaged as a result of a number of factors, including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control. although we take protective measures, including measures to effectively secure information through system security technology, our technology systems may still be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses or other events that have a security impact, such as an external hacker attack by one or more cyber criminals or an authorized employee or vendor causing us to release confidential information inadvertently or through malfeasance, or lose temporarily or permanently data or applications or systems, which could materially harm our operations and reputation. the third parties with which we do business or which facilitate our business activities, including financial intermediaries and technology infrastructure and service providers, are also susceptible to the foregoing risks (including regarding the third parties with which they are similarly interconnected or on which they otherwise rely), and our or their business operations and activities may therefore be adversely affected, perhaps materially, by failures, terminations, errors or malfeasance by, or attacks or constraints on, one or more financial, technology or infrastructure institutions or intermediaries with whom we or they are interconnected or conduct business.
breach of our technology systems could damage our reputation and could result in the unauthorized disclosure or modification or loss of sensitive or confidential information (including client data); unauthorized disclosure modification or loss of proprietary information relating to our business; inability to process client or company transactions and processes; breach and termination of client contracts; liability for stolen assets, information or identity; remediation costs to repair damage caused by the breach, including damage to systems and recovery of lost data; additional security costs to mitigate against future incidents; regulatory actions, and litigation costs resulting from the incident. such consequences could result in material financial loss and have a negative effect on our revenues and profitability.
if we are unable to successfully recover from a disaster or other business continuity problem, we could suffer material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
if we were to experience a local or regional disaster or other business continuity problem, such as a pandemic or other natural or man-made disaster, our continued success will depend, in part, on the availability of our personnel, our office facilities and the proper functioning of our computer, telecommunication and other related systems and operations. in such an event, we believe our operational size, the multiple locations from which we operate, and our existing back-up systems should mitigate adverse impacts. nevertheless, we could still experience near-term operational problems with regard to particular areas of our operations, such as key executive officers or technology personnel. further, as we strive to achieve cost savings by shifting certain business processes to lower-cost geographic locations such as india, the potential for particular types of natural or man-made disasters, political, economic or infrastructure instabilities, or other country- or region-specific business continuity risks increases. although we seek to assess regularly and improve our existing business continuity plans, a major disaster, or one that affected certain important operating areas, or our inability to recover successfully should we experience a disaster or other business continuity problem, could materially interrupt our business operations and cause material financial loss, loss of human capital, regulatory actions, reputational harm or legal liability.
20
since many of our subsidiary operations are located outside of the united states and have functional currencies other than the u.s. dollar, changes in the exchange rates to the u.s. dollar affect our reported financial results from one period to the next.
the largest component of our net assets, revenues and expenses, as well as our aum, is presently denominated in u.s. dollars. however, we have a large number of subsidiaries outside of the united states whose functional currencies are not the u.s. dollar. as a result, fluctuations in the exchange rates to the u.s. dollar affect our reported financial results from one period to the next. consequently, significant strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the u.k. pound sterling, euro, or canadian dollar, among other currencies, could have a material negative impact on our reported financial results.
the carrying value of goodwill and other intangible assets on our balance sheet could become impaired, which would adversely affect our results of operations.
we have goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet that are subject to annual impairment reviews. we also have definite-lived intangible assets on our balance sheet that are subject to impairment testing if indicators of impairment are identified. goodwill and intangible assets totaled $6,175.7 million and $1,354.0 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015 (december 31, 2014: $6,579.4 million and $1,246.7 million, respectively). we may not realize the value of such assets. we perform impairment reviews of the book values of these assets on an annual basis or more frequently if impairment indicators are present. a variety of factors could cause such book values to become impaired. should valuations be deemed to be impaired, a write-down of the related assets would occur, adversely affecting our results of operations for the period. see item 7, "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - critical accounting policies - goodwill" and "- intangibles," for additional details of our impairment analysis process.
legislative and other measures that may be taken by u.s. and/or other governmental authorities could materially increase our tax burden or otherwise adversely affect our financial conditions, results of operations or cash flows.
under current laws, as the company is domiciled and tax resident in bermuda, taxation in other jurisdictions is dependent upon the types and the extent of the activities of the company undertaken in those jurisdictions. there is a risk that changes in either the types of activities undertaken by the company or changes in tax rules relating to tax residency could subject the company and its shareholders to additional taxation.
we continue to assess the impact of various u.s. federal and state legislative proposals, and modifications to existing tax treaties between the united states and foreign countries, that could result in a material increase in our u.s. federal and state taxes. from time-to-time, proposals are introduced in the u.s. congress that, if ultimately enacted, could either limit treaty benefits on certain payments made by our u.s. subsidiaries to non-u.s. affiliates, treat the company as a u.s. corporation and thereby subject the earnings from non-u.s. subsidiaries of the company to u.s. taxation, or both. more recently, there have been numerous proposals for fundamental u.s. corporate tax reform.
on october 5, 2015, the organization for economic co-operation and development (oecd) released its final reports related to its action plan for multilateral cooperation to address tax base erosion and profit shifting (beps) concerns. the second phase of the beps project covers clarifications, implementation, and monitoring. countries have already begun to implement some of the action items and will continue to adopt more of them over the next several years. as with any global implementation process there are concerns about potential lack of consistency in the local application of these items. some of the recommendations are complex while others contain optional routes, thereby increasing the likelihood of only partial or limited implementation. countries may also decide to implement their own approaches unilaterally, independent of the beps recommendations. this could lead to increased uncertainty with tax positions as well as increase the potential for double taxation.
we cannot predict the outcome of any specific legislative proposals. however, if such proposals were to be enacted, or if modifications were to be made to certain existing tax treaties, the consequences could have a materially adverse impact on the company, including increasing our tax burden, increasing costs of our tax compliance or otherwise adversely affecting our future results of operations, financial condition or liquidity.
21
examinations and audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods.
the company and its subsidiaries are subject to income taxes as well as non-income based taxes, in both the united states and various foreign jurisdictions and are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. the calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. tax authorities may disagree with certain positions we have taken and assess additional taxes (and, in certain cases, interest, fines or penalties). we recognize potential liabilities and record tax liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues based on our estimate of whether, and the extent to which, additional income taxes will be due. we adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, however, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities.
bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in the united states and may afford less protection to shareholders.
our shareholders may have more difficulty protecting their interests than shareholders of a company incorporated in a jurisdiction of the united states. as a bermuda company, we are governed by the companies act 1981 of bermuda (companies act). the companies act differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to united states corporations and shareholders, including provisions relating to interested directors, mergers, amalgamations and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification of directors.
under bermuda law, the duties of directors and officers of a company are generally owed to the company only. shareholders of bermuda companies do not generally have rights to take action against directors or officers of the company, and may only do so in limited circumstances described in the following paragraph. however, directors and officers may owe duties to a company's creditors in cases of impending insolvency. directors and officers of a bermuda company must, in exercising their powers and performing their duties, act honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company and must exercise the care and skill that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in comparable circumstances. directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position in which their duties to the company and their personal interests may conflict and also are under a duty to disclose any personal interest in any material contract or proposed material contract with the company or any of its subsidiaries. if a director or officer of a bermuda company is found to have breached his duties to that company, he may be held personally liable to the company in respect of that breach of duty.
class actions and derivative actions are generally not available to shareholders under the laws of bermuda. however, the bermuda courts ordinarily would be expected to follow english case law precedent, which would permit a shareholder to commence an action in a company's name against the directors and officers to remedy a wrong done to the company where the act complained of is alleged to be beyond the company's corporate power or is illegal or would result in the violation of the company's memorandum of association or bye-laws. furthermore, consideration would be given by the court to acts that are alleged to constitute a fraud against the minority shareholders or where an act requires the approval of a greater percentage of shareholders than actually approved it. under our bye-laws, each of our shareholders agrees to waive any claim or right of action, both individually and on our behalf, other than those involving fraud or dishonesty, against the company or any of our officers, directors or employees. the waiver applies to any action taken by a director, officer or employee, or the failure of such person to take any action, in the performance of his or her duties, except with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of the director, officer or employee. this waiver limits the right of shareholders to assert claims against our directors, officers and employees unless the act or failure to act involves fraud or dishonesty.
our bye-laws also provide for indemnification of our directors and officers in respect of any loss arising or liability attaching to them in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which a director or officer may be guilty in relation to the company other than in respect of his or her own fraud or dishonesty, which is the maximum extent of indemnification permitted under the companies act.
because we are incorporated in bermuda, it may be difficult for shareholders to serve process or enforce judgments against us or our directors and officers.
the company is organized under the laws of bermuda. in addition, certain of our officers and directors reside in countries outside the united states. a substantial portion of the company's assets and the assets of these officers and directors are or may be located outside the united states. investors may have difficulty effecting service of process within the united states on our directors and officers who reside outside the united states or recovering against the company or these directors and officers on judgments of u.s. courts based on civil liabilities provisions of the u.s. federal securities laws, even though the company has appointed an agent in the united states to receive service of process.
22
further, it may not be possible, in bermuda or in countries other than the united states where the company has assets, to enforce court judgments obtained in the united states against the company based on the civil liability provisions of u.s. federal or state securities laws. in addition, there is some doubt as to whether the courts of bermuda and other countries would recognize or enforce judgments of u.s. courts obtained against the company or our directors or officers based on the civil liability provisions of the u.s. federal or state securities laws or would hear actions against the company or those persons based on those laws. we have been advised by our legal advisors in bermuda that the united states and bermuda do not currently have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. some remedies available under the laws of the united states or the states therein, including some remedies available under the u.s. federal securities laws, may not be allowed in bermuda courts because they may be found to be contrary to bermuda public policy. therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the united states based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on u.s. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in bermuda. similarly, those judgments may not be enforceable in other countries other than the united states.
we have anti-takeover provisions in our bye-laws that may discourage a change of control.
our bye-laws contain provisions that could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire us or to obtain majority representation on our board of directors without the consent of our board. as a result, shareholders may be limited in their ability to obtain a premium for their shares under such circumstances.
specifically, our bye-laws contain the following provisions that may impede or delay an unsolicited takeover of the company:
•   we are prohibited from engaging, under certain circumstances, in a business combination (as defined in our bye-laws) with any interested shareholder (as defined in our bye-laws) for three years following the date that the shareholder became an interested shareholder;
•   our board of directors, without further shareholder action, is permitted by our bye-laws to issue preference shares, in one or more series, and determine by resolution any designations, preferences, qualifications, privileges, limitations, restrictions, or special or relative rights of an additional series. the rights of preferred shareholders may supersede the rights of common shareholders;
•   our board of directors is classified into three classes with the election years of the members of each class staggered such that the members of only one of the three classes are elected each year. (in may 2014, our shareholders have approved a phased-in declassification of our board of directors, which will be complete by the 2017 annual general meeting of shareholders.);
•   shareholders may only remove directors for "cause" (defined in our bye-laws to mean willful misconduct or gross negligence which is materially injurious to the company, fraud or embezzlement, or a conviction of, or a plea of "guilty" or "no contest" to, a felony);
•   our board of directors is authorized to expand its size and fill vacancies; and
•   shareholders cannot act by written consent unless the consent is unanimous.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executive overview the following executive overview summarizes the significant trends affecting our results of operations and financial condition for the periods presented. this overview and the remainder of this management's discussion and analysis supplements and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements of invesco ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, the "company" or "invesco") and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
global financial markets in 2015 were characterized by increased volatility and renewed uncertainty about the pace of growth in key markets across the global economy. the first quarter of 2015 saw positive returns from global equity markets driven by central bank stimulus measures amid uncertainty around the timing of the u.s. federal reserve's (fed) interest rate hike. the remainder of 2015 saw significant volatility and a broad sell-off of equity and commodity assets triggered by a debt crisis in greece and continuing with an economic growth slowdown in china and devaluation of the renminbi. financial markets rebounded in the fourth quarter as fears about a further china slowdown tempered and the fed's first interest rate hike occurred to finish the year with mixed results. ongoing favorable monetary policy by the japanese government and central bank led to positive returns in japan with the nikkei 225 index returning 9.1%. a strong finish to 2015 for the u.s. markets could not fully recover declines from early in the year with the s&p finishing 2015 down 0.7%. renewed fears of a slowdown in growth in europe and fears of a growth slowdown in china resulted in declines for the ftse 100 (which was down 4.9%) and the msci emerging markets (which declined 17.0%).
bond markets were likewise volatile during 2015 with the barclay's u.s. aggregate bond index increasing 0.6% as market participants favored the relative value of bonds in early 2015 against the backdrop of the fed's decision to raise interest rates late in the year.
the table below summarizes the year ended december 31 returns based on price appreciation/(depreciation) of several major market indices for 2015, 2014, and 2013:
year ended december 31, equity index                   index expressed in currency   2015           2014            2013
s&amp;p 500                    u.s. dollar                         (0.7)%           11.4%           29.6%
ftse 100                       british pound                       (4.9)%          (2.7)%           14.4%
ftse 100                       u.s. dollar                        (10.1)%          (8.5)%           16.0%
nikkei 225                     japanese yen                          9.1%            7.1%           56.7%
nikkei 225                     u.s. dollar                           8.0%          (5.8)%           28.4%
msci emerging markets          u.s. dollar                        (17.0)%          (4.6)%          (5.0)%
bond index barclays u.s. aggregate bond   u.s. dollar                           0.6%            6.0%          (2.0)%
the company's 2015 financial results were significantly negatively impacted by the appreciation of the u.s. dollar, as discussed in the "results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014 compared to december 31, 2013" section below.
throughout 2015, we continued to execute our long-term strategic objectives, which further improved our ability to serve clients, strengthened our investment performance, and helped us deliver competitive levels of operating income and margins, despite volatile financial markets. we also took advantage of opportunities in the market and invested in our products and capabilities,
27
our global platform and our people in ways that strengthened our business and further differentiated us in the marketplace to help ensure our long-term success.
in addition, we benefited from our long-term efforts to ensure a diversified base of assets under management. one of invesco's core strengths, and a key differentiator for the company within the industry, is our broad diversification across client domiciles, asset classes and distribution channels. our geographical diversification recognizes growth opportunities in different parts of the world. this broad diversification mitigates the impact on invesco of different market cycles and enables the company to take advantage of growth opportunities in various markets and channels.
as of the filing of this report, invesco held credit ratings of a/stable, a2/stable and a-/positive from standard & poor's ratings service ("s&p"), moody's investor services ("moody's"), and fitch ratings ("fitch"), respectively. during 2015, fitch raised their outlook from stable to positive and stated the outlook revision reflected continued strong operating and investment performance, leveling of seed capital investments and an increased focus on organic growth over debt-funded acquisitions.
one of the company's strategic objectives is to harness the power of our global platform by improving effectiveness and efficiency, and allocating our resources to the opportunities that will best benefit clients and our business. consistent with this objective, business optimization charges of $16.2 million were recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015, including $12.2 million of staff severance costs recorded in employee compensation associated with a business transformation initiative. this is the first part of a broad program that will continue through 2016 focused on transforming several key business support functions to become more effective and efficient and will leverage shared service centers, outsourcing, automation of key processes and optimization of the company's office footprint. incremental implementation costs in 2016 are estimated to be up to $85 million and the initiative is expected to generate ongoing cost savings that will more than fully offset the implementation expense within a three year time frame after completion.
the investment management industry is subject to extensive levels of ongoing regulatory oversight and examination. in the u.s., u.k., and other jurisdictions in which the company operates, governmental authorities regularly make inquiries, conduct investigations and administer examinations with respect to compliance with applicable laws and regulations. general and administrative expenses for the fourth quarter of 2015 include a provision of $12.6 million pertaining to regulatory investigations and related legal fees of $0.5 million. this includes $7.6 million associated with our private equity business.
in the first quarter of 2015, the company acquired deutsche bank's u.s. commodity u.s. etf business for a purchase price composed of contingent consideration payable in future periods. during 2015, changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability generated a gain of $27.1 million, which was recorded in other gains and losses, net.
during the fourth quarter of 2015 the company announced that it intends to increase its ownership of religare invesco asset management company, our joint venture in india, from 49% to 100%. the acquisition of this controlling interest is expected to close in early 2016, pending regulatory approvals.
regulators in various jurisdictions have proposed or are exploring changes to the manner in which fund distributers are compensated for the services they provide.  the u.k. financial conduct authority (fca) implemented its retail distribution review ("rdr"), which is reshaping the manner in which retail investment funds are sold in the u.k. by changing how retail clients pay for investment advice given in respect of all retail investment products.  invesco prepared for the rdr implementation by offering investment funds to u.k. investors which are priced at a reduced gross management fee, but which in turn do not result in the payment by the company of a distribution fee to the intermediary.  these changes have not had a significant impact to date on net revenues as investors move into these offerings.  other countries have announced similar distribution fee reviews. in the u.s., the sec has previously proposed and may repurpose significant changes to rule 12b-1, and may propose other regulatory changes impacting distribution of investment funds.
presentation of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations -- impact of consolidated sponsored investment products and consolidated investment products the company provides investment management services to, and has transactions with, various private equity, real estate, fund-of-funds, collateralized loan obligation products (clos), and other investment entities sponsored by the company for the investment of client assets in the normal course of business. the company serves as the investment manager, making day-to-day investment decisions concerning the assets of the products. the company is required to consolidate certain managed funds from time-to-time, as discussed more fully in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 1 -- "accounting policies -- basis of accounting and consolidation."
28
investment products that are consolidated are referred to in this report as either consolidated sponsored investment products (csip), which generally include investment products in which invesco holds the majority of the voting rights or partnerships in which the company has substantive equity at risk but in which the other investors lack removal or liquidation rights, or consolidated investment products (cip), which includes consolidated nominally-held investment products. this distinction is important, as it differentiates the company's economic risk associated with each type of consolidated managed fund. the company's economic risk with respect to each investment in a csip and a cip is limited to its equity ownership and any uncollected management and performance fees. the presentation of the grossed up gains and losses arising from the consolidation of nominally-held cip do not have a significant impact on the company's results of operations, liquidity, or capital resources. gains and losses arising from majority-held csip could have a significant impact on the company's results of operations, as the company has greater economic risk associated with its investment. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, - note 1 "accounting policies," note 19, "consolidated sponsored investment products," and note 20, "consolidated investment products," for additional information regarding the impact of consolidation of managed funds.
the majority of the company's cip balances are clo-related. the collateral assets of the clos are held solely to satisfy the obligations of the clos. the company has no right to the benefits from, nor does it bear the risks associated with, the collateral assets held by the clos, beyond the company's direct investments in, and management and performance fees generated from, the clos. if the company were to liquidate, the collateral assets of the clos would not be available to the general creditors of the company, and as a result, the company does not consider them to be company assets. likewise, the investors in the clos have no recourse to the general credit of the company for the notes issued by the clos. the company therefore does not consider this debt to be a company liability.
the impact of cip is so significant to the presentation of the company's consolidated financial statements (but not to the underlying financial condition or results of operations of the company) that the company has elected to deconsolidate these products in its non-gaap disclosures. the following discussion therefore combines the results presented under u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (u.s. gaap) with the company's non-gaap presentation. this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations contains four distinct sections, which follow after the assets under management discussion:
•   results of operations (years ended december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014 compared to december 31, 2013);
•   schedule of non-gaap information;
•   balance sheet discussion; and
•   liquidity and capital resources.
each of the consolidated financial statement summary sections (results of operations, balance sheet discussion, and liquidity and capital resources) begins with a table illustrating the impact of cip relative to the company's consolidated totals. the impact is illustrated by a column which shows the dollar-value change in the consolidated figures caused by the consolidation of cip. for example, the impact of cip on operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 was a reduction of $39.2 million. this indicates that their consolidation reduced consolidated revenues by this amount, reflecting the elimination upon their consolidation of the operating revenues earned by invesco for managing these investment products.
the narrative in each of these sections separately provides discussion of the underlying financial statement activity for the company, before consolidation of cip, as well as of the financial statement activity of cip. additionally, wherever a non-gaap measure is referenced, a disclosure will follow in the narrative or in the note referring the reader to the schedule of non-gaap information, where additional details regarding the use of the non-gaap measure by the company are disclosed, along with reconciliations of the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures to the non-gaap measures. to further enhance the readability of the results of operations section, separate tables for each of the revenue, expense, and other income and expenses (non-operating income/expense) sections of the income statement introduce the narrative that follows, providing a section-by-section review of the company's income statements for the periods presented.
29
summary operating information summary operating information for 2015, 2014 and 2013 is presented in the table below.
$ in millions, other than per share amounts, operating margins, ratios and aum                                year ended december 31, u.s. gaap financial measures summary (1)                                                 2015                2014                2013
operating revenues                                                               5,122.9             5,147.1             4,644.6
operating income                                                                 1,358.4             1,276.9             1,120.2
operating margin                                                                    26.5   %            24.8    %           24.1    %
net income attributable to invesco ltd.                                            968.1               988.1               940.3
diluted eps                                                                         2.26                2.27                2.10
debt/equity ratio including cip (%)                                                 86.4   %            73.8    %           64.1    %
non-gaap financial measures summary net revenues (2)                                                                 3,643.2             3,608.3             3,252.0
adjusted operating income (3)                                                    1,493.7             1,495.0             1,292.1
adjusted operating margin (3)                                                       41.0   %            41.4    %           39.7    %
adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. (4)                             1,048.7             1,094.8               953.3
adjusted diluted eps (4)                                                            2.44                2.51                2.13
debt/equity ratio excluding cip (%) (5)                                             26.1   %            18.9    %           19.0    %
assets under management (1)
ending aum (billions)                                                              775.6               792.4               778.7
average aum (billions)                                                             794.7               790.3               725.6
_________
(1)   on december 31, 2013, the company completed the sale of atlantic trust. the company has adopted a discontinued operations presentation for atlantic trust. amounts presented represent continuing operations and exclude atlantic trust, with the exception of net income attributable to invesco ltd. and diluted earnings per share.
(2)   net revenues is a non-gaap financial measure. net revenues are operating revenues plus our proportional share of the net revenues of our joint venture investments, less third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses, plus management and performance fees earned from cip, less other revenue recorded by cip, plus other reconciling items. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for the reconciliation of operating revenues to net revenues.
(3)   adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin are non-gaap financial measures. adjusted operating margin is adjusted operating income divided by net revenues. adjusted operating income includes operating income plus our proportional share of the net operating income of our joint venture investments, the operating income impact of the consolidation of investment products, acquisition/disposition related adjustments, compensation expense related to market valuation changes in deferred compensation plans, and other reconciling items. see "schedule of non-gaap information," for the reconciliation of operating income to adjusted operating income.
(4)   adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. and adjusted diluted eps are non-gaap financial measures. adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. is net income attributable to invesco ltd. adjusted to exclude the net income of cip, add back acquisition/disposition related adjustments, the net income impact of deferred compensation plans and other reconciling items. adjustments made to net income attributable to invesco ltd. are tax-effected in arriving at adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd.. by calculation, adjusted diluted eps is adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. divided by the weighted average number of shares outstanding (for diluted eps). see "schedule of non-gaap information," for the reconciliation of net income attributable to invesco ltd. to adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd..
(5)   the debt-to-equity ratio excluding cip is a non-gaap financial measure. see the "liquidity and capital resources" section for a recalculation of this ratio and other important disclosures.
30
investment capabilities performance overview invesco's first strategic objective is to achieve strong investment performance over the long-term for our clients. as of december 31, 2015, 60%, 79% and 85% of measured ranked actively managed assets performed in the top half of peer groups on a one-year, three-year and five-year basis respectively. the table below presents the one-, three- and five-year performance of our measured ranked actively managed investment products measured by the percentage of aum ahead of benchmark and aum in the top half of peer group. (1)
benchmark comparison                               peer group comparison
% of aum ahead of benchmark                  % of aum in top half of peer group
1yr           3yr           5yr                 1yr             3yr             5yr equities u.s. core                               12   %         9   %        32   %              4       %       5   %          33   %
u.s. growth                            100   %        95   %        30   %             51       %      95   %          34   %
u.s. value                              46   %        52   %        31   %             46       %      52   %          98   %
sector funds                            24   %        60   %        76   %             25       %       9   %          12   %
u.k.                                   100   %       100   %       100   %             91       %     100   %         100   %
canadian                                27   %        27   %        56   %             21       %      37   %          46   %
asian                                   75   %        98   %        82   %             72       %      74   %          72   %
continental european                    98   %        98   %       100   %             58       %      99   %          95   %
global                                  85   %        70   %        87   %             83       %      83   %          93   %
global ex u.s. and emerging markets      8   %        90   %        98   %              2       %      90   %          98   %
fixed income money market                            89   %        70   %        70   %             91       %      97   %          97   %
u.s. fixed income                       96   %        92   %        93   %             93       %      84   %          97   %
global fixed income                     94   %        93   %        97   %             62       %      92   %          68   %
stable value                           100   %       100   %       100   %            100       %     100   %         100   %
other alternatives                            76   %        65   %        71   %             34       %      45   %          64   %
balanced                                61   %        40   %        44   %             52       %      92   %         100   %
_____________________________
(1)   aum measured in the one-, three-, and five-year peer group rankings represents 58%, 57%, and 57% of total invesco aum, respectively, and aum measured versus benchmark on a one-, three-, and five-year basis represents 71%, 69%, and 67% of total invesco aum, respectively, as of december 31, 2015. peer group rankings are sourced from a widely-used third party ranking agency in each fund's market (lipper, morningstar, ia, russell, mercer, evestment alliance, sitca, value research) and are asset-weighted in usd. rankings are as of prior quarter-end for most institutional products and preceding month-end for australian retail funds due to their late release by third parties. rankings for the most representative fund in each global investment performance standard (gips) composite are applied to all products within each gips composite. excludes passive products, closed-end funds, private equity limited partnerships, non-discretionary direct real estate, unit investment trusts fund-of-funds with component funds managed by invesco, stable value building block funds and clos. certain funds and products were excluded from the analysis because of limited benchmark or peer group data. had these been available, results may have been different. these results are preliminary and subject to revision. performance assumes the reinvestment of dividends. past performance is not indicative of future results and may not reflect an investor's experience.
31
assets under management the following presentation and discussion of aum includes passive and active aum. passive aum includes etfs, uits, leveraged fund balances upon which we do not earn a fee, and other passive mandates. active aum are total aum less passive aum.
the aum tables and the discussion below refer to aum as long-term. long-term aum excludes institutional money market and invesco powershares qqq aum. long-term inflows and the underlying reasons for the movements in this line item include investments from new clients, existing clients adding new accounts/funds or contributions/subscriptions into existing accounts/funds, and new funding commitments into private equity funds. long-term outflows reflect client redemptions from accounts/funds and include the return of invested capital on the maturity or liquidation of private equity funds. we present net flows into institutional money market funds separately because shareholders of those funds typically use them as short-term funding vehicles and because their flows are particularly sensitive to short-term interest rate movements. the net flows in invesco powershares qqq aum can also be relatively short-term in nature and, due to the relatively low revenue yield, these can have a significant impact on overall net revenue yield.
changes in aum were as follows (1):
2015                                                                                                                                                                 2014                                                        2013
$ in billions                                                total aum              active            passive            total aum              active            passive            total aum              active            passive january 1                                                 792.4                651.0              141.4               778.7                639.0              139.7               667.4                553.4              114.0
long-term inflows                                         189.1                153.6               35.5               183.1                150.3               32.8               179.6                137.0               42.6
long-term outflows                                       (172.9   )           (139.5     )        (33.4     )        (175.0      )        (148.2     )        (26.8     )        (157.9      )        (123.9     )        (34.0     )
long-term net flows                                        16.2                 14.1                2.1                 8.1                  2.1                6.0                21.7                 13.1                8.6
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund                  (1.8   )                -               (1.8     )         (10.7      )             -              (10.7     )           3.7                    -                3.7
net flows in institutional money market funds             (11.9   )            (12.3     )          0.4                (5.8      )          (5.8     )            -                 9.0                  9.0                  -
total net flows                                             2.5                  1.8                0.7                (8.4      )          (3.7     )         (4.7     )          34.4                 22.1               12.3
market gains and losses/reinvestment                       (2.6   )             (0.3     )         (2.3     )          34.7                 27.9                6.8                78.8                 64.5               14.3
acquisitions/dispositions, net (4)                         (0.7   )                -               (0.7     )             -                    -                  -                   -                    -                  -
foreign currency translation                              (16.0   )            (16.0     )            -               (12.6      )         (12.2     )         (0.4     )          (1.9      )          (1.0     )         (0.9     )
december 31                                               775.6                636.5              139.1               792.4                651.0              141.4               778.7                639.0              139.7
average aum average long-term aum                                     688.7                587.5              101.2               673.5                574.4               99.1               613.7                523.3               90.4
average aum                                               794.7                653.6              141.1               790.3                647.5              142.8               725.6                598.9              126.7
revenue yield gross revenue yield on aum (2)                             65.0                 75.9               14.5                65.5                 77.2               13.0                64.4                 75.6               11.6
gross revenue yield on aum before performance fees (2)     63.9                 74.6               14.5                64.8                 76.3               13.0                63.6                 74.7               11.6
net revenue yield on aum (3)                               45.8                 52.6               14.5                45.7                 52.9               13.0                44.8                 51.8               11.6
net revenue yield on aum before performance fees (3)       44.6                 51.0               14.5                44.8                 51.8               13.0                43.9                 50.7               11.6
(1)   on december 31, 2013, the company completed the sale of atlantic trust. all aum amounts quoted in the tables exclude the aum of the discontinued operations, atlantic trust.
(2)   gross revenue yield on aum is equal to annualized total operating revenues divided by average aum, excluding joint venture (jv) aum. our share of the average aum in 2015 for our jvs in china was $6.1 billion (2014: $4.9 billion, 2013: $4.0 billion). it is appropriate to exclude the average aum of our jvs for purposes of computing gross revenue yield on aum, because the revenues resulting from these aum are not presented in our operating revenues. under u.s. gaap, our share of the net income of the jvs is recorded as equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates on our consolidated statements of income. additionally, the numerator of the gross revenue yield measure, operating revenues, excludes the management fees earned from cip; however, the denominator of the measure includes the aum of these investment products. therefore, management does not consider the gross revenue yield measure to be representative of the company's true effective fee rate from aum.
32
(3)   net revenue yield on aum is equal to annualized net revenues divided by average aum. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for a reconciliation of operating revenues to net revenues.
(4)   dispositions during 2015 resulted in a $0.7 billion decrease in aum representing exchange traded notes that did not transfer over as part of the agreement with deutsche bank to transition the investment management of the powershares db suite of u.s. commodity exchange traded funds to invesco.
flows there are numerous drivers of aum inflows and outflows, including individual investor decisions to change investment preferences, fiduciaries and other gatekeepers making broad asset allocation decisions on behalf of their clients and reallocation of investments within portfolios. we are not a party to these asset allocation decisions, as the company does not generally have access to the underlying investor's decision-making process, including their risk appetite or liquidity needs. therefore, the company is not in a position to provide meaningful information regarding the drivers of inflows and outflows.
aum at december 31, 2015 were $775.6 billion (december 31, 2014: $792.4 billion; december 31, 2013: $778.7 billion). during the year ended december 31, 2015, long-term net inflows increased aum by $16.2 billion, offset by net outflows of institutional money market funds of $11.9 billion and net outflows of the invesco powershares qqq fund of $1.8 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2014, net long-term inflows increased aum by $8.1 billion, offset by net outflows in institutional money market funds of $5.8 billion and the invesco powershares qqq fund of $10.7 billion. during the year ended december 31, 2013, net long-term inflows increased aum by $21.7 billion, as well as net inflows in institutional money market funds of $9.0 billion and the invesco powershares qqq fund of $3.7 billion.
net inflows during the year ended december 31, 2015 included net long-term active inflows of $14.1 billion and inflows of passive aum of $2.1 billion. long-term net inflows were split between our institutional distribution channel of $13.4 billion and our retail distribution channel of $2.8 billion. by asset class, long-term net flows were positive for the fixed income, alternatives and balanced classes, and were negative for the equity asset class. long-term net inflows included $8.3 billion, $5.7 billion, $1.8 billion and $0.9 billion from clients domiciled in continental europe, asia, the u.s. and the u.k., respectively, offset by long-term outflows of $0.5 billion from clients domiciled in canada.
net inflows during the year ended december 31, 2014 included net long-term inflows of passive aum of $6.0 billion and active net long-term aum inflows of $2.1 billion. net flows in 2014 were split between net inflows of $5.0 billion into our retail distribution channel and $3.1 billion into our institutional distribution channel. 2014 flows were positive for the fixed income and alternatives classes, and were negative for equity, balanced and money market classes. long-term net inflows included $16.0 billion from clients domiciled in continental europe. these inflows were largely offset by long-term outflows of $13.9 billion from clients domiciled in the u.k. that were dominated by a $13.1 billion single client withdrawal.
net inflows during the year ended december 31, 2013 included net long-term inflows of active aum of $13.1 billion and passive net long-term aum inflows of $8.6 billion. net flows in 2013 were driven by net inflows of $21.4 billion into our retail distribution channel, primarily in the equity and balanced asset classes.
average aum during the year ended december 31, 2015 were $794.7 billion, compared to $790.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014 and $725.6 billion for the year ended december 31, 2013.
market returns market gains and losses/reinvestment of aum includes the net change in aum resulting from changes in market values of the underlying securities from period to period and reinvestment of client dividends. as discussed in the "executive overview" section of this management's discussion and analysis, 2015 markets were characterized by increased volatility and uncertainty, and results were mixed at year-end, with the japanese markets finishing the year strong, u.s. markets with modest losses, and the u.k. markets (in u.s. dollar terms) and emerging markets ended with a larger decline. global equity markets were mixed during 2014, with the u.s. market producing a strong return, but overseas markets reflecting uncertainty and finishing the year with declines. during 2013, equity markets were broadly up across regions.
during the year ended december 31, 2015, negative market movement decreased aum by $2.6 billion, with declines in the alternatives, fixed income and balanced asset classes, partially offset by gains in the equity asset class. during the year ended december 31, 2014, market gains increased aum by $34.7 billion and included $26.0 billion in positive market movement of our equity asset class. our balanced, fixed income, and alternative asset classes were also positively impacted by the change in market
33
valuations during the period. during the year ended december 31, 2013, market gains increased aum by $78.8 billion and included gains in our equity asset class of $77.4 billion.
foreign exchange rates foreign exchange rate movements in our aum result from the effect of changes in foreign exchange rates from period to period as non-u.s. dollar denominated aum is translated into u.s. dollars, the reporting currency of the company. the table below illustrates the spot foreign exchange rates used for translation into the u.s. dollar at december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
foreign exchange rates          december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013
pound sterling ($ per £)         1.474                       1.559                       1.655
canadian dollar (cad per $)      1.389                       1.158                       1.063
japan (¥ per $)                120.275                     119.880                     105.080
euro ($ per euro)                1.086                       1.210                       1.378
during the year ended december 31, 2015, we experienced decreases in aum of $16.0 billion due to changes in foreign exchange rates. changes in foreign exchange rates in the year ended december 31, 2015 were driven by the weakening of the pound sterling, the euro, canadian dollar, and the japanese yen relative to the u.s. dollar, which was reflected in the translation of aum denominated in these currencies into u.s. dollars.
in the year ended december 31, 2014, aum decreased by $12.6 billion due to foreign exchange rate changes driven by the weakening of the pound sterling, the euro, canadian dollar and the japanese yen relative to the u.s. dollar. during the year ended december 31, 2013, foreign exchange rate changes decreased aum by $1.9 billion, driven by the weakening of the canadian dollar and the japanese yen relative to the u.s. dollar, partially offset by the strengthening of the pound sterling and the euro relative to the u.s. dollar.
revenue yield net revenue yield on aum increased 0.1 basis points to 45.8 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2015 from the year ended december 31, 2014 level of 45.7 basis points (december 31, 2013: 44.8 basis points). excluding performance fees, the net revenue yield decreased 0.2 basis points to 44.6 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2015 from the year ended december 31, 2014 level of 44.8 basis points (december 31, 2013: 43.9 basis points).
changes in our aum mix can significantly impact our net revenue yield. for example, on an asset class basis, our equity, alternative, and balanced aum generally earn a higher net revenue rate than money market and fixed income aum. the combination of average equity, average alternative and average balanced aum equated to 67.7% of total average aum in 2015, very similar to the 67.6% in 2014. this very similar asset class mix correlates with very little change in net revenue yield in 2015 when compared to 2014.
the tables that follow present aum by total aum and passive aum. passive aum generally earn a lower effective fee rate than active asset classes. at december 31, 2015, passive aum were $139.1 billion, representing 17.9% of total aum at that date; whereas at december 31, 2014, passive aum were $141.4 billion, representing 17.8% of our total aum at that date. the decrease in passive aum during 2015 is driven by outflows from the invesco powershares qqq fund, and is offset by long-term net inflows. the invesco powershares qqq fund aum increased to $42.9 billion at december 31, 2015 compared to $40.7 billion at december 31, 2014 ($45.7 billion at december 31, 2013). the revenue yield for invesco on this product is less than 1 basis point, reimbursing invesco for the portfolio trading services provided to the fund. in the year ended december 31, 2015, the net revenue yield on passive aum was 14.5 basis points compared to 13.0 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of 1.5 basis points, due to changes in mix of passive aum.
gross revenue yield on aum decreased 0.5 basis points to 65.0 basis points in the year ended december 31, 2015 from the year ended december 31, 2014 level of 65.5 basis points (december 31, 2013: 64.4 basis points). management does not consider gross revenue yield, the most comparable u.s. gaap-based measure to net revenue yield, to be a meaningful effective fee rate measure for the reasons outlined in footnote 2 to the changes in aum table above. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for a reconciliation of operating revenues (gross revenues) to net revenues.
34
changes in our aum by channel, asset class, and client domicile, and average aum by asset class, are presented below:
total aum by channel (1,2)
$ in billions                                         total              retail          institutional december 31, 2014                                792.4              532.5               259.9
long-term inflows                                189.1              139.1                50.0
long-term outflows                              (172.9   )         (136.3     )         (36.6        )
long-term net flows                               16.2                2.8                13.4
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund         (1.8   )           (1.8     )             -
net flows in institutional money market funds    (11.9   )              -               (11.9        )
total net flows                                    2.5                1.0                 1.5
market gains and losses/reinvestment              (2.6   )           (4.7     )           2.1
acquisitions/dispositions, net                    (0.7   )           (0.7     )             -
foreign currency translation                     (16.0   )          (13.3     )          (2.7        )
december 31, 2015                                775.6              514.8               260.8
december 31, 2013                                778.7              519.6               259.1
long-term inflows                                183.1              146.4                36.7
long-term outflows                              (175.0   )         (141.4     )         (33.6        )
long-term net flows                                8.1                5.0                 3.1
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund        (10.7   )          (10.7     )             -
net flows in institutional money market funds     (5.8   )              -                (5.8        )
total net flows                                   (8.4   )           (5.7     )          (2.7        )
market gains and losses/reinvestment              34.7               27.3                 7.4
foreign currency translation                     (12.6   )           (8.7     )          (3.9        )
december 31, 2014                                792.4              532.5               259.9
december 31, 2012                                667.4              425.8               241.6
long-term inflows                                179.6              145.2                34.4
long-term outflows                              (157.9   )         (123.8     )         (34.1        )
long-term net flows                               21.7               21.4                 0.3
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund          3.7                3.7                   -
net flows in institutional money market funds      9.0                  -                 9.0
total net flows                                   34.4               25.1                 9.3
market gains and losses/reinvestment              78.8               68.1                10.7
foreign currency translation                      (1.9   )            0.6                (2.5        )
december 31, 2013                                778.7              519.6               259.1
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
35
passive aum by channel (2)
$ in billions                                        total             retail          institutional december 31, 2014                               141.4             119.7                21.7
long-term inflows                                35.5              32.3                 3.2
long-term outflows                              (33.4   )         (29.4     )          (4.0        )
long-term net flows                               2.1               2.9                (0.8        )
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund        (1.8   )          (1.8     )             -
net flows in institutional money market funds     0.4                 -                 0.4
total net flows                                   0.7               1.1                (0.4        )
market gains and losses/reinvestment             (2.3   )          (1.4     )          (0.9        )
acquisitions/dispositions, net                   (0.7   )          (0.7     )             -
foreign currency translation                        -                 -                   -
december 31, 2015                               139.1             118.7                20.4
december 31, 2013                               139.7             118.2                21.5
long-term inflows                                32.8              27.7                 5.1
long-term outflows                              (26.8   )         (22.2     )          (4.6        )
long-term net flows                               6.0               5.5                 0.5
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund       (10.7   )         (10.7     )             -
net flows in institutional money market funds       -                 -                   -
total net flows                                  (4.7   )          (5.2     )           0.5
market gains and losses/reinvestment              6.8               6.7                 0.1
foreign currency translation                     (0.4   )             -                (0.4        )
december 31, 2014                               141.4             119.7                21.7
december 31, 2012                               114.0              91.2                22.8
long-term inflows                                42.6              36.7                 5.9
long-term outflows                              (34.0   )         (27.0     )          (7.0        )
long-term net flows                               8.6               9.7                (1.1        )
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund         3.7               3.7                   -
net flows in institutional money market funds       -                 -                   -
total net flows                                  12.3              13.4                (1.1        )
market gains and losses/reinvestment             14.3              13.6                 0.7
foreign currency translation                     (0.9   )             -                (0.9        )
december 31, 2013                               139.7             118.2                21.5
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
36
total aum by asset class (1,3)
$ in billions                                         total             equity           fixed income            balanced           money market           alternatives(4)
december 31, 2014                                792.4             384.4               181.6                  50.6                 76.5                     99.3
long-term inflows                                189.1              89.2                45.5                  16.1                  3.7                     34.6
long-term outflows                              (172.9   )         (94.5     )         (35.2        )        (14.7      )          (3.9        )           (24.6         )
long-term net flows                               16.2              (5.3     )          10.3                   1.4                 (0.2        )            10.0
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund         (1.8   )          (1.8     )             -                     -                    -                        -
net flows in institutional money market funds    (11.9   )             -                   -                     -                (11.9        )               -
total net flows                                    2.5              (7.1     )          10.3                   1.4                (12.1        )            10.0
market gains and losses/reinvestment              (2.6   )           2.1                (1.4        )         (0.4      )           0.2                     (3.1         )
acquisitions/dispositions, net                    (0.7   )             -                   -                     -                    -                     (0.7         )
foreign currency translation                     (16.0   )          (8.5     )          (2.6        )         (3.5      )             -                     (1.4         )
december 31, 2015                                775.6             370.9               187.9                  48.1                 64.6            (5)     104.1
average aum                                      794.7             386.6               185.6                  51.2                 70.7                    100.6
% of total average aum                           100.0   %          48.6     %          23.4        %          6.4      %           8.9        %            12.7         %
december 31, 2013                                778.7             383.1               171.7                  53.3                 82.7                     87.9
long-term inflows                                183.1              92.9                37.8                  17.0                  3.6                     31.8
long-term outflows                              (175.0   )         (99.6     )         (30.5        )        (19.1      )          (3.8        )           (22.0         )
long-term net flows                                8.1              (6.7     )           7.3                  (2.1      )          (0.2        )             9.8
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund        (10.7   )         (10.7     )             -                     -                    -                        -
net flows in institutional money market funds     (5.8   )             -                   -                     -                 (5.8        )               -
total net flows                                   (8.4   )         (17.4     )           7.3                  (2.1      )          (6.0        )             9.8
market gains and losses/reinvestment              34.7              26.0                 4.6                   1.1                 (0.2        )             3.2
foreign currency translation                     (12.6   )          (7.3     )          (2.0        )         (1.7      )             -                     (1.6         )
december 31, 2014                                792.4             384.4               181.6                  50.6                 76.5                     99.3
average aum                                      790.3             386.9               178.8                  52.2                 77.4                     95.0
% of total average aum                           100.0   %          49.0     %          22.6        %          6.6      %           9.8        %            12.0         %
december 31, 2012                                667.4             295.6               171.9                  43.6                 73.3                     83.0
long-term inflows                                179.6              88.5                39.3                  19.7                  3.7                     28.4
long-term outflows                              (157.9   )         (81.5     )         (37.0        )        (13.6      )          (3.5        )           (22.3         )
long-term net flows                               21.7               7.0                 2.3                   6.1                  0.2                      6.1
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund          3.7               3.7                   -                     -                    -                        -
net flows in institutional money market funds      9.0                 -                   -                     -                  9.0                        -
total net flows                                   34.4              10.7                 2.3                   6.1                  9.2                      6.1
market gains and losses/reinvestment              78.8              77.4                (2.2        )          3.5                  0.3                     (0.2         )
foreign currency translation                      (1.9   )          (0.6     )          (0.3        )          0.1                 (0.1        )            (1.0         )
december 31, 2013                                778.7             383.1               171.7                  53.3                 82.7                     87.9
average aum                                      725.6             336.0               173.9                  51.2                 79.4                     85.1
% of total average aum                           100.0   %          46.3     %          24.0        %          7.1      %          10.9        %            11.7         %
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
37
passive aum by asset class (3)
$ in billions                                        total             equity           fixed income   balanced          money market             alternatives(4)
december 31, 2014                               141.4              88.2                41.1            -                 -                         12.1
long-term inflows                                35.5              25.8                 5.9            -                 -                          3.8
long-term outflows                              (33.4   )         (22.1     )          (6.3        )   -                 -                         (5.0         )
long-term net flows                               2.1               3.7                (0.4        )   -                 -                         (1.2         )
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund        (1.8   )          (1.8     )             -            -                 -                            -
net flows in institutional money market funds     0.4                 -                   -            -                    0.4                       -
total net flows                                   0.7               1.9                (0.4        )   -                    0.4                    (1.2         )
market gains and losses/reinvestment             (2.3   )           0.9                (2.1        )   -                 -                         (1.1         )
acquisitions/dispositions, net                   (0.7   )             -                   -            -                 -                         (0.7         )
foreign currency translation                        -                 -                   -            -                 -                            -
december 31, 2015                               139.1              91.0                38.6            -                    0.4                     9.1
average aum                                     141.1              89.4                41.1            -                    0.1                    10.5
% of total average aum                          100.0   %          63.4     %          29.1        %   -      %             0.1   %                 7.4         %
december 31, 2013                               139.7              85.6                39.5            -                 -                         14.6
long-term inflows                                32.8              20.5                 8.5            -                 -                          3.8
long-term outflows                              (26.8   )         (15.2     )          (7.4        )   -                 -                         (4.2         )
long-term net flows                               6.0               5.3                 1.1            -                 -                         (0.4         )
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund       (10.7   )         (10.7     )             -            -                 -                            -
net flows in institutional money market funds       -                 -                   -            -                 -                            -
total net flows                                  (4.7   )          (5.4     )           1.1            -                 -                         (0.4         )
market gains and losses/reinvestment              6.8               8.0                 0.5            -                 -                         (1.7         )
foreign currency translation                     (0.4   )             -                   -            -                 -                         (0.4         )
december 31, 2014                               141.4              88.2                41.1            -                 -                         12.1
average aum                                     142.8              87.7                41.1            -                 -                         14.0
% of total average aum                          100.0   %          61.4     %          28.8        %   -      %          -        %                 9.8         %
december 31, 2012                               114.0              55.5                39.0            -                 -                         19.5
long-term inflows                                42.6              25.4                13.0            -                 -                          4.2
long-term outflows                              (34.0   )         (16.1     )         (10.1        )   -                 -                         (7.8         )
long-term net flows                               8.6               9.3                 2.9            -                 -                         (3.6         )
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund         3.7               3.7                   -            -                 -                            -
net flows in institutional money market funds       -                 -                   -            -                 -                            -
total net flows                                  12.3              13.0                 2.9            -                 -                         (3.6         )
market gains and losses/reinvestment             14.3              17.1                (2.4        )   -                 -                         (0.4         )
foreign currency translation                     (0.9   )             -                   -            -                 -                         (0.9         )
december 31, 2013                               139.7              85.6                39.5            -                 -                         14.6
average aum                                     126.7              69.1                41.4            -                 -                         16.2
% of total average aum                          100.0   %          54.5     %          32.7        %   -      %          -        %                12.8         %
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
38
total aum by client domicile (1,6)
$ in billions                                         total              u.s.            canada              u.k.           continental europe              asia december 31, 2014                                792.4             532.1             25.8              105.1                  71.1                     58.3
long-term inflows                                189.1              99.1              3.7               18.8                  37.5                     30.0
long-term outflows                              (172.9   )         (97.3    )        (4.2     )        (17.9    )            (29.2           )        (24.3    )
long-term net flows                               16.2               1.8             (0.5     )          0.9                   8.3                      5.7
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund         (1.8   )          (1.8    )           -                  -                     -                        -
net flows in institutional money market funds    (11.9   )         (13.9    )           -                0.7                  (0.3           )          1.6
total net flows                                    2.5             (13.9    )        (0.5     )          1.6                   8.0                      7.3
market gains and losses/reinvestment              (2.6   )          (6.8    )         0.9                3.0                   1.3                     (1.0    )
acquisitions/dispositions, net                    (0.7   )          (0.7    )           -                  -                     -                        -
foreign currency translation                     (16.0   )             -             (4.5     )         (5.5    )             (5.0           )         (1.0    )
december 31, 2015                                775.6             510.7             21.7              104.2                  75.4                     63.6
december 31, 2013                                778.7             521.3             27.1              114.8                  60.9                     54.6
long-term inflows                                183.1              91.3              3.9               22.0                  40.8                     25.1
long-term outflows                              (175.0   )         (87.8    )        (4.5     )        (35.9    )            (24.8           )        (22.0    )
long-term net flows                                8.1               3.5             (0.6     )        (13.9    )             16.0                      3.1
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund        (10.7   )         (10.7    )           -                  -                     -                        -
net flows in institutional money market funds     (5.8   )          (4.8    )        (0.3     )          2.0                  (3.1           )          0.4
total net flows                                   (8.4   )         (12.0    )        (0.9     )        (11.9    )             12.9                      3.5
market gains and losses/reinvestment              34.7              22.9              2.0                7.6                  (0.4           )          2.6
foreign currency translation                     (12.6   )          (0.1    )        (2.4     )         (5.4    )             (2.3           )         (2.4    )
december 31, 2014                                792.4             532.1             25.8              105.1                  71.1                     58.3
december 31, 2012                                667.4             452.5             25.2              101.9                  38.8                     49.0
long-term inflows                                179.6             104.7              3.8               16.3                  32.1                     22.7
long-term outflows                              (157.9   )         (94.2    )        (4.7     )        (22.0    )            (19.0           )        (18.0    )
long-term net flows                               21.7              10.5             (0.9     )         (5.7    )             13.1                      4.7
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund          3.7               3.7                -                  -                     -                        -
net flows in institutional money market funds      9.0               6.0              0.2               (0.2    )              3.1                     (0.1    )
total net flows                                   34.4              20.2             (0.7     )         (5.9    )             16.2                      4.6
market gains and losses/reinvestment              78.8              48.3              4.4               16.3                   5.5                      4.3
foreign currency translation                      (1.9   )           0.3             (1.8     )          2.5                   0.4                     (3.3    )
december 31, 2013                                778.7             521.3             27.1              114.8                  60.9                     54.6
____________
see accompanying notes immediately following these aum tables.
39
passive aum by client domicile (6)
$ in billions                                        total              u.s.          canada   u.k.             continental europe            asia december 31, 2014                               141.4             137.6            0.2         -                   1.8                    1.8
long-term inflows                                35.5              33.3            0.1         -                   0.6                    1.5
long-term outflows                              (33.4   )         (31.3    )         -         -                  (0.6           )       (1.5    )
long-term net flows                               2.1               2.0            0.1         -                     -                      -
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund        (1.8   )          (1.8    )         -         -                     -                      -
net flows in institutional money market funds     0.4                 -              -         -                     -                    0.4
total net flows                                   0.7               0.2            0.1         -                     -                    0.4
market gains and losses/reinvestment             (2.3   )          (2.7    )       0.1         -                   0.1                    0.2
acquisitions/dispositions, net                   (0.7   )          (0.7    )         -         -                     -                      -
foreign currency translation                        -                 -              -         -                     -                      -
december 31, 2015                               139.1             134.4            0.4         -                   1.9                    2.4
december 31, 2013                               139.7             135.2            0.1         -                   1.8                    2.6
long-term inflows                                32.8              32.1            0.1         -                   0.4                    0.2
long-term outflows                              (26.8   )         (25.7    )         -         -                  (0.5           )       (0.6    )
long-term net flows                               6.0               6.4            0.1         -                  (0.1           )       (0.4    )
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund       (10.7   )         (10.7    )         -         -                     -                      -
net flows in institutional money market funds       -                 -              -         -                     -                      -
total net flows                                  (4.7   )          (4.3    )       0.1         -                  (0.1           )       (0.4    )
market gains and losses/reinvestment              6.8               6.7              -         -                   0.1                      -
foreign currency translation                     (0.4   )             -              -         -                     -                   (0.4    )
december 31, 2014                               141.4             137.6            0.2         -                   1.8                    1.8
december 31, 2012                               114.0             107.8            0.1         -                   1.1                    5.0
long-term inflows                                42.6              41.8              -         -                   0.7                    0.1
long-term outflows                              (34.0   )         (31.5    )         -         -                  (0.3           )       (2.2    )
long-term net flows                               8.6              10.3              -         -                   0.4                   (2.1    )
net flows in invesco powershares qqq fund         3.7               3.7              -         -                     -                      -
net flows in institutional money market funds       -                 -              -         -                     -                      -
total net flows                                  12.3              14.0              -         -                   0.4                   (2.1    )
market gains and losses/reinvestment             14.3              13.4              -         -                   0.3                    0.6
foreign currency translation                     (0.9   )             -              -         -                     -                   (0.9    )
december 31, 2013                               139.7             135.2            0.1         -                   1.8                    2.6
____________
(1)   on december 31, 2013, the company completed the sale of atlantic trust. all aum amounts quoted in the tables exclude the aum of the discontinued operations, atlantic trust.
(2)   channel refers to the internal distribution channel from which the aum originated. retail aum represents aum distributed by the company's retail sales team. institutional aum represents aum distributed by our institutional sales team. this aggregation is viewed as a proxy for presenting aum in the retail and institutional markets in which the company operates.
(3)   asset classes are descriptive groupings of aum by common type of underlying investments.
(4)   see item 1, "business - investment management capabilities" for a description of the investment objectives included within the alternatives asset class.
(5)   ending money market aum includes $58.5 billion in institutional money market aum and $6.1 billion in retail money market aum.
(6)   client domicile disclosure groups aum by the domicile of the underlying clients.
40
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014 compared to december 31, 2013
to assist in the comparisons, the discussion that follows will separate the impact of cip from the overall consolidated results of operations. the impact is illustrated in the tables immediately below by a column which shows the dollar-value change in the consolidated figures, as caused by the consolidation of cip. for example, the impact of cip on total operating revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015 was a reduction of $39.2 million. this indicates that the consolidation of cip reduced consolidated revenues by $39.2 million, reflecting the elimination upon consolidation of the operating revenues earned by invesco for managing these investment products. the discussion below includes the use of non-gaap financial measures. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional details and reconciliations of the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures to the non-gaap measures.
summary of income statement impact of cip december 31, 2015                                          december 31, 2014                                          december 31, 2013
$ in millions                                                                                impact of cip           invesco ltd. consolidated          impact of cip           invesco ltd. consolidated          impact of cip           invesco ltd. consolidated total operating revenues                                                                    (39.2   )                   5,122.9                        (35.2        )              5,147.1                        (37.9   )                   4,644.6
total operating expenses                                                                     24.0                       3,764.5                         34.6                       3,870.2                         34.9                       3,524.4
operating income                                                                            (63.2   )                   1,358.4                        (69.8        )              1,276.9                        (72.8   )                   1,120.2
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                              (1.7   )                      35.1                         (4.0        )                 32.8                         (2.5   )                      35.5
interest and dividend income                                                                 (4.4   )                      13.0                         (3.3        )                 13.1                         (5.5   )                      10.0
interest expense                                                                                -                         (81.7              )             -                         (73.1              )             -                         (44.6              )
other gains and losses, net                                                                  (3.9   )                      (1.5              )          (4.8        )                 28.1                        (11.8   )                       2.6
other income/(expense) of csip, net                                                             -                          11.7                            -                          24.3                            -                           2.9
interest and dividend income of cip                                                         253.0                         253.0                        206.5                         206.5                        190.0                         190.0
interest expense of cip                                                                    (188.9   )                    (188.9              )        (133.9        )               (133.9              )        (123.3   )                    (123.3              )
other gains/(losses) of cip, net                                                            (37.0   )                     (37.0              )          20.4                          20.4                         61.9                          61.9
income from continuing operations before taxes                                              (46.1   )                   1,362.1                         11.1                       1,395.1                         36.0                       1,255.2
income tax provision                                                                            -                        (398.0              )             -                        (390.6              )             -                        (336.9              )
income from continuing operations, net of taxes                                             (46.1   )                     964.1                         11.1                       1,004.5                         36.0                         918.3
income from discontinued operations, net of taxes                                               -                             -                            -                          (3.4              )             -                          64.5
net income                                                                                  (46.1   )                     964.1                         11.1                       1,001.1                         36.0                         982.8
net (income)/loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities, net      5.7                           4.0                         (3.3        )                (13.0              )         (44.7   )                     (42.5              )
net income attributable to invesco ltd.                                                     (40.4   )                     968.1                          7.8                         988.1                         (8.7   )                     940.3
41
operating revenues and net revenues the main categories of revenues, and the dollar and percentage change between the periods, are as follows:
variance years ended december 31,                            2015 vs 2014                              2014 vs 2013
$ in millions                                                                                                        2015                   2014                   2013            $ change            % change             $ change             % change investment management fees                                                                                  4,061.1                4,054.1                3,599.6                7.0                 0.2      %         454.5                 12.6      %
service and distribution fees                                                                                 855.4                  893.1                  872.8              (37.7      )         (4.2     )%          20.3                  2.3      %
performance fees                                                                                               85.9                   61.1                   55.9               24.8                40.6      %           5.2                  9.3      %
other                                                                                                         120.5                  138.8                  116.3              (18.3      )        (13.2     )%          22.5                 19.3      %
total operating revenues                                                                                    5,122.9                5,147.1                4,644.6              (24.2      )         (0.5     )%         502.5                 10.8      %
third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses                                                    (1,579.9   )           (1,630.7   )           (1,489.2   )           50.8                (3.1     )%        (141.5      )           9.5      %
proportional share of revenues, net of third-party distribution expenses, from joint venture investments       61.0                   56.7                   51.7                4.3                 7.6      %           5.0                  9.7      %
cip                                                                                                            39.2                   35.2                   37.9                4.0                11.4      %          (2.7      )          (7.1     )%
other reconciling items                                                                                           -                      -                    7.0                  -                 n/a                 (7.0      )        (100.0     )%
net revenues*                                                                                               3,643.2                3,608.3                3,252.0               34.9                 1.0      %         356.3                 11.0      %
______________
*   net revenues are operating revenues less third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses, plus our proportional share of net revenues from joint venture arrangements, plus management and performance fees earned from, less other revenues recorded by, cip, plus other reconciling items. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional important disclosures regarding the use of net revenues.
operating revenues decreased by 0.5% in the year ended december 31, 2015 to $5,122.9 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $5,147.1 million). net revenues increased by 1.0% in the year ended december 31, 2015 to $3,643.2 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $3,608.3 million). operating revenues increased by 10.8% in the year ended december 31, 2014 to $5,147.1 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $4,644.6 million). net revenues increased by 11.0% in the year ended december 31, 2014 to $3,608.3 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $3,252.0 million).
a significant portion of our business and aum is based outside of the u.s. the strengthening or weakening of the u.s. dollar against other currencies, primarily the pound sterling, canadian dollar, euro and japanese yen will impact our reported revenues and expenses from period to period. the income statements of foreign currency subsidiaries are translated into u.s. dollars, the reporting currency of the company, using average foreign exchange rates. the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased operating revenues by $219.1 million, equivalent to 4.3% of total operating revenues, during the year ended december 31, 2015 when compared to the year ended december 31, 2014 ($29.2 million increase in 2014 as compared to 2013, or 0.6% of 2014 total operating revenues).
additionally, our revenues are directly influenced by the level and composition of our aum. therefore, movements in global capital market levels, net new business inflows (or outflows) and changes in the mix of investment products between asset classes and geographies may materially affect our revenues from period to period. market movements are discussed in the "executive overview" section of this management's discussion and analysis. during 2015 positive net flows, offset by market value changes and foreign exchange losses combined for a 0.6% increase in average aum when compared to 2014.
investment management fees investment management fees are derived from providing professional services to manage client accounts and include fees earned from retail mutual funds, investment companies with variable capital (icvcs), exchange-traded funds, investment trusts, other collective investment vehicles, and institutional management contracts. investment management fees for products offered in the retail distribution channel are generally calculated as a percentage of the daily average asset balances and therefore vary daily as the levels of aum change resulting from inflows, outflows and market movements. investment management fees for products offered in the institutional distribution channel are calculated in accordance with the underlying investment management contracts and also vary over contractually determined periods in relation to the level of client assets managed.
42
investment management fees increased by $7.0 million (0.2%) in the year ended december 31, 2015, to $4,061.1 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $4,054.1 million). this correlates with a 0.6% increase in average aum. the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased investment management fees by $208.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange movements, investment management fees increased by $215.7 million. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the pound sterling and euro has reduced the weighting of higher fee earning aum attributable to the u.k. and continental european products in 2015 when compared to 2014. this product mix change has resulted in the increase in management fees lagging the increase in average aum. this reduced yield due to the foreign currency mix of aum has been partly offset by the transition during 2014 of our u.k business to a single fund management fee, as discussed below. this transition increased investment management fees and decreased service and distribution fees in 2015 as compared to 2014 by $29.0 million.
investment management fees increased by $454.5 million (12.6%) in the year ended december 31, 2014, to $4,054.1 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $3,599.6 million). the increase compares to a 8.9% increase in average aum and a 9.7% increase in average long-term aum. also contributing to the increase in investment management fees, the net revenue yield was higher in the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 due to changes in the composition of our aum. the impact of foreign exchange rate movements increased investment management fees by $28.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
in april 2014, our u.k. invesco perpetual business introduced a single fund management fee (fmf) for their retail funds to replace the separate annual management fee and registration fee. the single fmf removes the complexity of having separate elements to the fee structure and is designed to respond to the regulatory policy underlying the u.k. retail distribution review by providing a clear disclosure of product fees charged to investors. this resulted in an increase in investment management fees of $84.2 million and a corresponding decrease in service and distribution fees, as compared to 2013. also contributing to the increase in investment management fees, net revenue yield is higher in the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the year ended december 31, 2013 due to changes in the composition of our aum, as discussed above.
see the company's disclosures regarding the changes in aum and revenue yields during the years ended december 31, 2015, december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013 in the "assets under management" section above for additional information regarding the movements in aum.
service and distribution fees service fees are generated through fees charged to cover several types of expenses, including fund accounting fees and other maintenance costs for mutual funds, and icvcs, and administrative fees earned from closed-ended funds. service fees also include transfer agent fees, which are fees charged to cover the expense of processing client share purchases and redemptions, call center support and client reporting. u.s. distribution fees include 12b-1 fees earned from certain mutual funds to cover allowable sales and marketing expenses for those funds and also include asset-based sales charges paid by certain mutual funds for a period of time after the sale of those funds. distribution fees typically vary in relation to the amount of client assets managed. generally, retail products offered outside of the u.s. do not generate a separate distribution fee; the quoted management fee rate is inclusive of these services.
in the year ended december 31, 2015, service and distribution fees decreased by $37.7 million (4.2%) to $855.4 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $893.1 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased service and distribution fees by $4.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2015. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the decrease in service and distribution fees was $33.2 million.
the decrease in service and distribution fees during 2015 is due to decreases in administration fees of $19.2 million, distribution and redemption fees of $10.4 million and transfer agency fees of $3.6 million. these amounts include the impact of a full year of the single fmf in the u.k, which was effective beginning april 2014.
in the year ended december 31, 2014, service and distribution fees increased by $20.3 million (2.3%) to $893.1 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $872.8 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased service and distribution fees by $0.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the increase in service and distribution fees was $20.7 million.
the increase was due primarily to increases in transfer agency fees of $42.2 million and distribution and redemption fees of $17.4 million, partially offset by a decrease in administration and custodial fees of $39.0 million. included in these figures is the
43
change in 2014 in the u.k. to a single fmf, which resulted in an increase in investment management fees of $84.2 million and a corresponding decrease in service and distribution fees, as compared to 2013.
performance fees performance fee revenues, including carried interests and performance fees related to partnership investments and separate accounts, are generated on certain management contracts when performance hurdles are achieved. such fee revenues are recorded in operating revenues as of the performance measurement date, when the contractual performance criteria have been met and when the outcome of the transaction can be measured reliably in accordance with method 1 of asc topic 605-20-s99, "revenue recognition - services - sec materials." cash receipt of performance fees generally occurs after the contractual measurement date; however, the company may receive, from time-to-time, cash distributions of carried interest before the measurement date.  such distributions are reflected as deferred carried interest liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. the performance measurement date is defined in each contract in which incentive and performance fee revenue agreements are in effect, and therefore the company has performance fee arrangements that include monthly, quarterly and annual measurement dates. given the uniqueness of each transaction, performance fee contracts are evaluated on an individual basis to determine if revenues can and should be recognized. the company does not recognize performance fee revenues if there are any future performance contingencies associated with them.  performance fees will fluctuate from period to period and may not correlate with general market changes, since most of the fees are driven by relative performance to the respective benchmark rather than by absolute performance. of our $775.6 billion in aum at december 31, 2015, approximately $44.4 billion or 5.7%, could potentially earn performance fees.
in the year ended december 31, 2015, performance fees increased by $24.8 million (40.6%) to $85.9 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $61.1 million). foreign exchange movements decreased performance fees by $3.1 million in 2015 as compared to 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange movements, performance fees increased by $27.9 million. the performance fees generated in 2015 arose primarily due to products managed by the following investment teams: direct real estate ($51.0), u.k. equities ($25.4 million), asia pacific teams ($8.1 million), and global quantitative equity team ($5.6 million).
in the year ended december 31, 2014, performance fees increased by $5.2 million (9.3%) to $61.1 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $55.9 million). the performance fees generated in 2014 arose primarily due to products managed by the following investment teams: u.k. equities ($35.6 million), direct real estate ($9.8 million), asset allocation ($3.2 million), asia pacific teams ($3.1 million), and the global quantitative equity team ($2.9 million).
the performance fees generated in 2013 arose primarily due to products managed by the following investment teams: u.k. equities ($36.7 million), global quantitative equity team ($4.4 million), australian equity ($3.4 million), direct real estate ($1.6 million) and the fixed income team ($6.5 million).
other revenues other revenues include fees derived from our uit operations, transaction commissions earned upon the sale of new investments into certain of our funds, and fees earned upon the completion of transactions in our direct real estate and private equity asset groups. real estate transaction fees are derived from commissions earned through the buying and selling of properties. private equity transaction fees include commissions associated with the restructuring of, and fees from providing advice to, portfolio companies held by the funds. these transaction fees are recorded in our consolidated financial statements on the date when the transactions are legally closed. other revenues also include the revenues of cip.
in its capacity as sponsor of uits, the company earns other revenues related to transactional sales charges resulting from the sale of uit products and from the difference between the purchase or bid and offer price of securities temporarily held to form new uit products. these revenues are recorded as other revenues net of concessions to dealers who distribute uits to investors.
in the year ended december 31, 2015, other revenues decreased by $18.3 million (13.2%) to $120.5 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $138.8 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased other revenues $2.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the decrease in other revenues was $15.5 million.
the decrease in other revenues includes decreases in real estate acquisition and disposition fees of $5.5 million, mutual funds front end fees of $3.7 million, uit revenues of $1.7 million and other revenues of $4.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
44
in the year ended december 31, 2014, other revenues increased by $22.5 million (19.3%) to $138.8 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $116.3 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements offset the increase in other revenues by $0.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the increase in other revenues was $22.9 million. the increase in other revenues includes increases in real estate acquisition and disposition fees of $6.9 million, mutual funds front end fees of $6.2 million, uit revenues of $4.5 million and other revenues of $6.1 million, partially offset by decreases in transaction commissions of $0.9 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses include periodic renewal commissions paid to brokers and independent financial advisors for their continuing oversight of their clients' assets over the time they are invested, and are payments for the servicing of client accounts. renewal commissions are calculated based upon a percentage of the aum value and apply to much of the company's non-u.s. retail operations, where they can also take the form of management fee rebates. the revenues from our u.s. retail operations include 12b-1 distribution fees, which are passed through to brokers who sell the funds as third-party distribution expenses along with additional marketing support distribution costs. both the revenues and the costs are dependent on the underlying aum of the brokers' clients. third-party distribution expenses also include the amortization of upfront commissions paid to broker-dealers for sales of fund shares with a contingent deferred sales charge (a charge levied to the investor for client redemption of aum within a certain contracted period of time). these commissions are amortized over the redemption period. also included in third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses are sub-transfer agency fees that are paid to third parties for processing client share purchases and redemptions, call center support and client reporting.
third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses decreased by $50.8 million (3.1%) in the year ended december 31, 2015 to $1,579.9 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $1,630.7 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses by $52.4 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses increased by $1.6 million. the increase includes increases in renewal commissions of $28.0 million, unitary fees of $18.8 million, asset and sales based fees of $12.3 million and other expenses of $3.4 million. the increases are offset by decreases in rebates of $54.9 million, service fees of $3.9 million and front end commissions of $2.1 million.
third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses increased by $141.5 million (9.5%) in the year ended december 31, 2014 to $1,630.7 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $1,489.2 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements increased third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses by $9.5 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the increase in third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses was $132.0 million. the increase includes increases in renewal commissions of $49.3 million, distribution fees of $57.1 million, transfer agent fees of $16.3 million, external commissions of $8.9 million and administration fees of $0.8 million. the increases are offset by decreases in sub advisory fees of $0.4 million. the overall increase is reflective of the higher related retail management fees and service and distribution fees.
proportional share of revenues, net of third-party distribution expenses, from joint venture investments management believes that the addition of our proportional share of revenues, net of third-party distribution expenses, from joint venture arrangements should be added to operating revenues to arrive at net revenues, as it is important to evaluate the contribution to the business that our joint venture arrangements are making. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional disclosures regarding the use of net revenues. the company's most significant joint venture arrangement is our 49% investment in invesco great wall fund management company limited (the "invesco great wall" joint venture).
our proportional share of revenues, net of third-party distribution expenses, from joint venture investments increased by $4.3 million (7.6%) to $61.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $56.7 million). the increase moved in line with our share of the invesco great wall joint venture's average aum for the year ended december 31, 2015, which was $6.1 billion compared to $4.9 billion at the year ended december 31, 2014.
our proportional share of revenues, net of third-party distribution expenses, from joint venture investments increased by $5.0 million (9.7%) to $56.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $51.7 million). the increase moved in line with our share of the invesco great wall joint venture's average aum for the year ended december 31, 2014, which was $4.9 billion, compared to $4.0 billion at the year ended december 31, 2013.
45
management, performance and other fees earned from cip management believes that the consolidation of investment products may impact a reader's analysis of our underlying results of operations and could result in investor confusion or the production of information about the company by analysts or external credit rating agencies that is not reflective of the underlying results of operations and financial condition of the company. accordingly, management believes that it is appropriate to adjust operating revenues for the impact of cip in calculating net revenues. as management and performance fees earned by invesco from the consolidated products are eliminated upon consolidation of the investment products, management believes that it is appropriate to add these operating revenues back in the calculation of net revenues. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for additional disclosures regarding the use of net revenues.
the elimination of management and performance fees earned from cip increased by $3.4 million to $39.2 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $35.8 million). the increase is due primarily to the impact of newly consolidated funds partially offset by the impact of note paydowns and funds that were liquidated.
the elimination of management and performance fees earned from cip decreased by $2.5 million to $35.8 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $38.3 million). the decrease is due primarily to the impact of deconsolidation and paydowns of clo notes exceeding the impact of newly consolidated clo notes during the year ended december 31, 2014.
once funds are deconsolidated, the management and performance fees are no longer eliminated and are reflected in the respective revenue line items in the consolidated statements of income.
operating expenses the main categories of operating expenses, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods, are as follows:
variance years ended december 31,                           2015 vs 2014                            2014 vs 2013
$ in millions                                             2015                  2014                  2013            $ change           % change           $ change             % change employee compensation                            1,395.5               1,394.5               1,329.3                1.0                0.1   %           65.2                  4.9      %
third-party distribution, service and advisory   1,579.9               1,630.7               1,489.2              (50.8   )           (3.1   )%         141.5                  9.5      %
marketing                                          115.4                 112.1                  98.6                3.3                2.9   %           13.5                 13.7      %
property, office and technology                    312.0                 336.4                 292.8              (24.4   )           (7.3   )%          43.6                 14.9      %
general and administrative                         361.7                 396.5                 311.3              (34.8   )           (8.8   )%          85.2                 27.4      %
transaction and integration                            -                     -                   3.2                  -                n/a               (3.2      )        (100.0     )%
total operating expenses                         3,764.5               3,870.2               3,524.4             (105.7   )           (2.7   )%         345.8                  9.8      %
the table below sets forth these expense categories as a percentage of total operating expenses and operating revenues, which we believe provides useful information as to the relative significance of each type of expense.
$ in millions                                            2015          % of total operating expenses          % of operating revenues               2014          % of total operating expenses          % of operating revenues               2013          % of total operating expenses          % of operating revenues employee compensation                            1,395.5                       37.1                %               27.2             %        1,394.5                      36.0                %               27.1             %        1,329.3                      37.7                %               28.6             %
third-party distribution, service and advisory   1,579.9                       42.0                %               30.8             %        1,630.7                      42.1                %               31.7             %        1,489.2                      42.3                %               32.1             %
marketing                                          115.4                        3.1                %                2.3             %          112.1                       2.9                %                2.2             %           98.6                       2.8                %                2.1             %
property, office and technology                    312.0                        8.3                %                6.1             %          336.4                       8.7                %                6.5             %          292.8                       8.3                %                6.3             %
general and administrative                         361.7                        9.7                %                7.1             %          396.5                      10.3                %                7.7             %          311.3                       8.8                %                6.7             %
transaction and integration                            -                          -                %                  -             %              -                         -                %                  -             %            3.2                       0.1                %                0.1             %
total operating expenses                         3,764.5                      100.0                %               73.5             %        3,870.2                     100.0                %               75.2             %        3,524.4                     100.0                %               75.9             %
46
during the year ended december 31, 2015, operating expenses decreased by $105.7 million (2.7%) to $3,764.5 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $3,870.2 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased operating expenses by $138.3 million, or 3.7% of total operating expenses, during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, operating expenses increased by $32.6 million.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, operating expenses increased by $345.8 million (9.8%) to $3,870.2 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $3,524.4 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements offset the increase in operating expenses by $17.7 million, or 0.5% of total operating expenses, during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the increase in operating expenses was $328.1 million.
employee compensation employee compensation includes salary, cash bonuses and share-based payment plans designed to attract and retain the highest caliber employees. employee staff benefit plan costs and payroll taxes are also included in employee compensation.
employee compensation increased $1.0 million (0.1%) to $1,395.5 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $1,394.5 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased employee compensation by $56.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the increase in employee compensation was $57.2 million.
direct compensation in 2015 increased $59.4 million primarily due to increases in base salaries of $37.4 million, share-based costs of $18.9 million and annual cash bonuses of $3.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 when compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. these increases include $12.2 million in staff severance costs associated with a business optimization initiative undertaken in 2015. increased headcount was also a reason for the increase in compensation.
employee compensation increased $65.2 million (4.9%) to $1,394.5 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $1,329.3 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements offset the increase in employee compensation by $0.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the increase in employee compensation was $64.6 million.
direct compensation in 2014 increased $63.9 million primarily due to increases in annual cash bonuses of $50.3 million, base salaries of $30.7 million, and share-based costs of $5.8 million, partially offset by decreases in sales commissions of $12.0 million, deferred compensation costs of $9.8 million and other compensation costs of $1.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. improved company performance and increased headcount were the primary reasons for the increase in compensation. other employee compensation increases included a $2.8 million increase in payroll taxes related to increased compensation costs and a $4.3 million increase in staff relocation costs. such increases were offset by a $6.4 million decrease in other benefits during the year ended december 31, 2014 when compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
headcount at december 31, 2015 was 6,490 (december 31, 2014 and december 31, 2013: 6,264 and 5,932 respectively).
third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses are discussed above in the operating and net revenues section.
marketing marketing expenses include the cost of direct advertising of our products through trade publications, television and other media, and public relations costs, such as the marketing of the company's products through conferences or other sponsorships, and the cost of marketing-related employee travel.
marketing expenses increased by $3.3 million (2.9%) in the year ended december 31, 2015 to $115.4 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $112.1 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements offset the increase in marketing expenses by $6.3 million. after allowing for foreign exchange rate movements, the increase was $9.6 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014.
47
the increase during the year ended december 31, 2015 includes increases in client event expenses of $7.2 million, sales literature and research of $1.8 million and marketing travel and entertainment expenses of $1.8 million. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in advertising of $1.2 million.
marketing expenses increased by $13.5 million (13.7%) in the year ended december 31, 2014 to $112.1 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $98.6 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements offset the increase in marketing expenses by $0.2 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. after allowing for foreign exchange rate changes, the increase in marketing expenses was $13.7 million. the increase includes increases in advertising expenses of $6.9 million, client event expenses of $4.7 million and marketing travel and entertainment expenses of $3.0 million. these increases were primarily driven by u.k. equities advertising campaigns, increased marketing spend by u.s. retail and product launch initiatives in asia. these increases were offset by decreases in other marketing costs of $0.8 million compared to the year ended december 31, 2013.
property, office and technology property, office and technology expenses include rent and utilities for our various leased facilities, depreciation of company-owned property, capitalized software and computer equipment costs, minor non-capitalized computer equipment and software purchases and related maintenance payments, and costs related to externally provided operations, technology, middle office, and back office management services.
property, office and technology expenses decreased by $24.4 million (7.3%) to $312.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $336.4 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased property, office and technology expenses by $10.3 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange rate movements, the decrease was $14.1 million.
property and office expenses decreased $32.8 million compared to 2014, due to a charge of $33.1 million incurred in 2014 associated with vacating leased properties in connection with a business optimization initiative.
technology and communications expenses in 2015 increased $18.7 million over 2014. the increase includes increased depreciation and maintenance cost of $13.6 million and increased outsourced administration costs of $5.1 million.
property, office and technology expenses increased by $43.6 million (14.9%) to $336.4 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $292.8 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements increased property, office and technology expenses by $3.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. after allowing for foreign exchange rate movements, the increase was $40.6 million.
property and office expenses increased $33.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 over the comparable 2013 period, due to a charge of $33.1 million incurred in 2014 associated with vacating leased properties in connection with a business optimization initiative. property and office costs are generally trending upwards, due to market conditions. however, the business optimization initiative undertaken in 2014 has mitigated the increase, and therefore property and office costs (excluding the business optimization charge) remained comparable to 2013.
technology and communications expenses increased $7.5 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 over the comparable 2013 period. the increase includes increased depreciation and maintenance cost of $9.8 million, increased software and equipment purchases of $1.1 million and increased outsourced administration costs of $8.6 million, as 2014 reflected a full year of the u.k. and the european transfer agency transitions to a third party provider, which were completed mid-2013. technology and communications expenses in 2013 included a charge of $11.7 million related to the write-off of capitalized it software development costs, which offsets the 2014 increases noted above.
general and administrative general and administrative expenses include professional services costs, such as information service subscriptions, consulting fees, professional insurance costs, audit, tax and legal fees, non-marketing related employee travel expenditures, recruitment and training costs, and the amortization of certain intangible assets.
general and administrative expenses decreased by $34.8 million (8.8%) to $361.7 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $396.5 million). the impact of foreign exchange rate movements decreased general and
48
administrative expenses by $13.1 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2014. after allowing for foreign exchange rate movements, the decrease was $21.7 million.
in 2014 general and administrative expenses included an aggregate of $62.2 million in respect of charges (described below) that did not recur in 2015. the 2015 decrease also includes decreases in absorbed fund expenses of $2.6 million and amortization of intangibles of $1.9 million. these decreases were partially offset by increases in consulting fees of $17.4 million, irrecoverable sales taxes (vat) of $7.6 million, market data services of $6.2 million, regulatory fees of $5.9 million and audit and legal fees of $1.8 million and increases of $6.1 million in other general and administrative costs. these 2015 increases include a provision of $12.6 million pertaining to regulatory investigation, including $7.6 million associated with the private equity business.
general and administrative expenses increased by $85.2 million (27.4%) to $396.5 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $311.3 million). the impact of foreign exchange movements offset the increase in general and administrative expenses by $4.8 million during the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to the year ended december 31, 2013. after allowing for foreign exchange movements, the increase was $80.4 million.
the increase in general and administrative expense includes the u.k. financial conduct authority penalty of $31.1 million that was incurred in 2014. general and administrative expenses for 2014 also include an expense of $5.3 million related to a fund reimbursement settlement cost and $25.8 million in respect of a multi-year fund reimbursement expense associated with historical private equity management fees. the latter charge resulted primarily from using a more appropriate methodology regarding the calculation of offsets to management fees. in addition, the increase also includes a $12.0 million increase in mutual fund expenses and increases of $5.7 million in other general and administrative costs.
transaction and integration transaction and integration expenses include acquisition-related charges incurred during the periods to effect a business combination, including legal, regulatory, advisory, valuation, integration-related employee incentive awards and other professional or consulting fees, general and administrative costs, including travel costs related to the transaction and the costs of temporary staff involved in executing the transaction, and post-closing costs of integrating the acquired business into the company's existing operations. additionally, transaction and integration expenses include legal costs related to the defense of legal challenges to auction rate preferred securities redemptions with respect to various closed-end funds included in the acquisition.
transaction and integration charges were $3.2 million in the year ended december 31, 2013 and largely relate to the business acquired in 2010.
operating income, adjusted operating income, operating margin and adjusted operating margin operating income increased by $81.5 million (6.4%) to $1,358.4 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $1,276.9 million). operating margin (operating income divided by operating revenues), increased to 26.5% in the year ended december 31, 2015 from 24.8% in the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in operating income and margin resulted from a greater relative increase in operating revenues than in operating expenses during the period. adjusted operating income, decreased by $1.3 million (0.1%) to $1,493.7 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 from $1,495.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2014. adjusted operating margin decreased to 41.0% in the year ended december 31, 2015 from 41.4% in the year ended december 31, 2014. see "schedule of non-gaap information" for a reconciliation of operating revenues to net revenues, a reconciliation of operating income to adjusted operating income and additional important disclosures regarding net revenues, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin.
operating income increased by $156.7 million (14.0%) to $1,276.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $1,120.2 million). operating margin (operating income divided by operating revenues), increased to 24.8% in the year ended december 31, 2014 from 24.1% in the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in operating income and margin resulted from a higher relative increase in operating revenues (10.8%) than in operating expenses (9.8%) during the period. adjusted operating income increased by $202.9 million (15.7%) to $1,495.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 from $1,292.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2013. adjusted operating margin increased to 41.4% in the year ended december 31, 2014 from 39.7% in the year ended december 31, 2013.
49
other income and expenses the main categories of other income and expenses, and the dollar and percentage changes between periods are as follows:
variance years ended december 31,                              2015 vs 2014                            2014 vs 2013
$ in millions                                             2015                 2014                 2013             $ change             % change            $ change            % change equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates     35.1                 32.8                 35.5                 2.3                  7.0   %            (2.7   )            (7.6   )%
interest and dividend income                        13.0                 13.1                 10.0                (0.1   )             (0.8   )%            3.1                31.0   %
interest expense                                   (81.7   )            (73.1     )          (44.6     )          (8.6   )             11.8   %           (28.5   )            63.9   %
other gains and losses, net                         (1.5   )             28.1                  2.6               (29.6   )           (105.3   )%           25.5               980.8   %
other income/(expense) of csip, net                 11.7                 24.3                  2.9               (12.6   )            (51.9   )%           21.4               737.9   %
other income and expenses of cip:
interest and dividend income of cip                253.0                206.5                190.0                46.5                 22.5   %            16.5                 8.7   %
interest expense of cip                           (188.9   )           (133.9     )         (123.3     )         (55.0   )             41.1   %           (10.6   )             8.6   %
other gains/(losses) of cip, net                   (37.0   )             20.4                 61.9               (57.4   )           (281.4   )%          (41.5   )           (67.0   )%
total other income and expenses                      3.7                118.2                135.0              (114.5   )            (96.9   )%          (16.8   )           (12.4   )%
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates increased by $2.3 million (7.0%) to $35.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $32.8 million). the increase in equity in earnings is driven by increases of $4.7 million in earnings from our investment in invesco mortgage capital inc., $3.3 million in earnings from our real estate partnership investments and $1.5 million in our share of earnings of our joint venture investments in china, partially offset by net decreases of $6.5 million in our share of the market-driven valuation change in the underlying holdings of our private equity partnership investments and $0.7 million in certain other partnerships.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates decreased by $2.7 million (7.6%) to $32.8 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $35.5 million). the decrease in equity in earnings is driven by decreases of $6.6 million in earnings from our investment in invesco mortgage capital inc. and net decreases of $2.6 million in our share of the market-driven valuation change in the underlying holdings of our private equity partnership investments, partially offset by increases of $3.3 million in our real estate partnership investments, $2.7 million in our share of earnings of our joint venture investments in china and $0.5 million in certain other partnerships.
interest and dividend income and interest expense interest and dividend income decreased by $0.1 million (0.8%) to $13.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $13.1 million).
interest expense increased by $8.6 million (11.8%) to $81.7 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (year ended december 31, 2014: $73.1 million) primarily due to the changes in long-term financing arrangements made during 2015 which increased the overall borrowing costs versus the comparative period.
interest and dividend income increased by $3.1 million (31.0%) to $13.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $10.0 million) due to higher dividends received from seed money.
interest expense increased by $28.5 million (63.9%) to $73.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 (year ended december 31, 2013: $44.6 million) primarily due to the changes in long-term financing arrangements made during 2013 which increased the overall borrowing costs versus the comparative period.
50
other gains and losses, net other gains and losses, net were a net loss of $1.5 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to a net gain of $28.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2014. included within other gains and losses, net in the year ended december 31, 2015 are a loss of $7.7 million related to the mark-to-market of foreign exchange put option contracts intended to provide protection against the impact of a significant decline in the pound sterling/u.s dollar foreign exchange rate, net losses of $7.6 million from other trading investments, a loss on the disposition of private equity partnership interests of $7.3 million, a loss of $5.9 million resulting from the depreciation of investments held for our deferred compensation plans, an unrealized loss of $2.0 million on the mark-to-market of other seed money investments and $2.4 million in net foreign exchange losses (year ended december 31, 2014: $0.2 million in net foreign exchange losses) on the revaluation of intercompany foreign currency denominated loans into the various functional currencies of our subsidiaries. these losses are partially offset by a net gain of $27.1 million related to an acquisition related change in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability and a net realized gain from available-for-sale and other investments of $3.8 million. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, - note 14, "other gains and losses, net" for additional information.
other gains and losses, net were a net gain of $28.1 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to a net gain of $2.6 million in the year ended december 31, 2013. included within other gains and losses, net in the year ended december 31, 2014 is a net gain of $12.5 million resulting from the appreciation of investments held for our deferred compensation plans, a net gain of $4.0 million from other trading investments, and net realized gains from available for sale and other investments of $12.9 million. these gains were offset by losses of $1.1 million from trading seed money and $0.2 million in net foreign exchange losses (year ended december 31, 2013: $0.6 million in net foreign exchange losses) on the revaluation of intercompany foreign currency denominated loans into the various functional currencies of our subsidiaries.
other income/(expense) of csip in the year ended december 31, 2015, other income/(expense) of csip, net totaled $11.7 million in income (year ended december 31, 2014: $24.3 million) and consists of $12.5 million of interest and dividend income and other net losses of $0.8 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $10.7 million and $13.6 million respectively). the decrease in other income/(expense) of csip during 2015 is primarily attributable to the net realized and unrealized losses on the underlying investments during the year. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - notes 1, "accounting policies" and 19, "consolidated sponsored investment products," for additional details.
non-operating income and expense of cip interest income of cip results from interest generated by the collateral assets held by consolidated clos, which is used to satisfy the interest expenses of the notes issued by the consolidated clos and other clo operating expense requirements, including the payment of the management and performance fees to the company as investment manager. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 20, "consolidated investment products," for additional details.
in the year ended december 31, 2015, interest and dividend income of cip increased by $46.5 million (22.5%) to $253.0 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $206.5 million). interest expense of cip increased by $55.0 million (41.1%) to $188.9 million (year ended december 31, 2014: $133.9 million). the increase in interest income and interest expense of cip in the 2015 period is due primarily to the impact of consolidation of clo notes issued, exceeding the impact of deconsolidation and paydowns of clo notes.
included in other gains/(losses) of cip, net, are realized and unrealized gains and losses on the underlying investments and debt of cip. in the year ended december 31, 2015, other gains and losses of cip were a net loss of $37.0 million, as compared to a net gain of $20.4 million in the year ended december 31, 2014. due to the adoption of asu 2014-13 on january 1, 2015, any gains or losses resulting from valuation changes in the investments of clos attributable to the interests of third parties are offset by the calculated value of the notes issued by the clos (offsetting in other gains/(losses) of cip), as discussed below, whereas in the year ended december 31, 2014, losses on clo notes and investments were more than offset by significant gains on private equity investments.
in the year ended december 31, 2014, interest and dividend income of cip increased by $16.5 million (8.7%) to $206.5 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $190.0 million). interest expense of cip increased by $10.6 million (8.6%) to $133.9 million (year ended december 31, 2013: $123.3 million). the increase in interest income and interest expense of cip in the 2014 period is due primarily to the impact of consolidation of clo notes issued after september 30, 2013, exceeding the impact of deconsolidation and paydowns of clo notes.
51
in the year ended december 31, 2014 other gains and losses of cip were a net gain of $20.4 million, as compared to a net gain of $61.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2013. the net gain in the 2014 period is primarily associated with an increase in market value of clo and private equity investments exceeding losses associated with the increase in market value of the long-term debt of clos and the decrease in market value of clo investments.
net impact of cip and related noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities as illustrated in the summary of income statement impact of cip table at the beginning of this results of operations section, the consolidation of investment products during the year ended december 31, 2015 resulted in a decrease to net income of $46.1 million before attribution to noncontrolling interests. after attribution to noncontrolling interests, the net decrease in net income attributable to invesco ltd. of $40.4 million, representing the changes in the market value of the company's holding in its consolidated clos, which is reclassified into other gains/(losses) from accumulated other comprehensive income upon consolidation.
the consolidation of investment products during the year ended december 31, 2014 resulted in an increase to net income of $11.1 million before attribution to noncontrolling interests. this net gain is offset by amounts attributed to noncontrolling interests of $3.3 million, resulting in a net increase in net income attributable to invesco ltd. of $7.8 million.
the consolidation of investment products during the year ended december 31, 2013 resulted in an increase to net income of $36.0 million before attribution to noncontrolling interests. this net gain is offset by amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests of $44.7 million, resulting in a net decrease in net income attributable to invesco ltd. of $8.7 million.
noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities represent the profit or loss amounts attributed to third party investors in cip. the impact of any gains or losses resulting from valuation changes in the investments and debt of cip attributable to the interests of third parties are offset by changes in gains and losses attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities in the consolidated financial statements and therefore do not have a material effect on the financial condition, operating results (including earnings per share), liquidity or capital resources attributable to the company's common shareholders.
additionally, cip represent less than 1% of the company's aum. therefore, the net gains or losses of cip are not indicative of the performance of the company's aggregate assets under management.
income before taxes total income before taxes includes income before taxes of cip. cip are taxed at the investor level and not at the product entity level; therefore, there is no tax provision reflected in the net impact of cip. accordingly, the table included in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 15, "taxation," illustrating the division of income/(losses) before taxes between u.s. and foreign is formatted such that the income before taxes of cip is separately stated. the commentary below discusses disparities between u.s. and foreign income before taxes in the taxation footnote and u.s. and foreign operating revenues in item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 17, "geographic information."
total u.s. income before taxes of $687.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 includes income before taxes of cip of $26.0 million, which primarily consists of income from consolidated private equity partnerships. u.s. income before taxes from cip decreased $37.0 million (58.7%) from 2014 due primarily to decreased investment gains generated by these private equity partnerships. excluding cip, u.s. income before taxes in 2015 increased $2.3 million (0.3%). income before taxes in 2015 increased due to a larger increase in u.s. operating revenues and other income and expenses than operating expenses.
total foreign income before taxes of $674.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 includes losses before taxes of cip of $72.1 million, which primarily consists of losses from consolidated clos. foreign cip pre-tax losses totaled $72.1 million in 2015 compared to pre-tax losses of $51.9 million in 2014 due primarily to greater losses on investments held by the company's consolidated clos in 2015. excluding cip, foreign income before taxes increased by $21.9 million (3.0%). foreign income before taxes in 2015 increased due to a larger decrease in foreign operating expenses than operating revenues and other income and expenses.
total u.s. income before taxes of $722.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 (december 31, 2013: $598.3 million) includes income before taxes of cip of $63.0 million (december 31, 2013: $45.2 million). u.s. income before taxes of cip primarily consists of income from consolidated private equity partnerships and for the year ended december 31, 2014, was a increase of $17.8 million (39.4%) from 2013 due primarily to greater investment gains generated by these private equity partnerships. excluding
52
cip, u.s. income before taxes in 2014 increased $106.5 million (19.3%). income before taxes in 2014 increased due to a larger increase in u.s. operating revenues than operating expenses and other income and expenses.
total foreign income before taxes of $672.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 (december 31, 2013: $656.9 million) includes losses before taxes of cip of $51.9 million (december 31, 2013: income before taxes of cip of $9.2 million). foreign income in 2014 increased due to a larger increase in foreign operating revenues than operating expenses; slightly offset by a decrease in foreign other income.
income tax expense our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased to 29.2% (year ended december 31, 2014: 28.0%). the inclusion of income from non-controlling interests increased our rate period-over-period by 0.4% (0.1% increase to the effective tax rate in 2015 and 0.3% decrease to the effective tax rate in 2014). 2015 included a 0.2% rate increase as a result of tax legislation changes in new york city net of settlements, a 0.2% increase as a result of regulatory investigation charges and a 0.3% increase relating to unrecognized tax benefits. the remainder of the rate movement was primarily due to changes in the mix of pre-tax income.
our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014 increased to 28.0% (year ended december 31, 2013: 26.8%). the inclusion of non-controlling interests decreased our effective tax rate by 0.3% in 2014 and decreased our rate 0.9% in 2013. 2014 included rate increases of 0.5% as a result of tax legislation changes in new york and of 0.6% as a result of the fca settlement. also included in 2014 were rate decreases of 0.5% as a result of the recognition of previously unrecognized tax benefits and of 0.3% as a result of the fund reimbursement expense. the remainder of the rate movement was primarily due to changes in the mix of pre-tax income.
income from discontinued operations on december 31, 2013, the company completed the sale of atlantic trust. the operating results and the gain associated with the sale are reflected as discontinued operations in the consolidated statements of income and are therefore excluded from the continuing operations of invesco. see item 8. financial statements and supplementary data, note 22, "discontinued operations."
schedule of non-gaap information we are presenting the following non-gaap performance measures: net revenue (and by calculation, net revenue yield on aum), adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin), adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. (and by calculation, adjusted diluted earnings per share (eps)). we believe these non-gaap measures provide greater transparency into our business on an ongoing operations basis and allow more appropriate comparisons with industry peers. management uses these performance measures to evaluate the business, and they are consistent with internal management reporting. the most directly comparable u.s. gaap measures are operating revenues (and by calculation, gross revenue yield on aum), operating income (and by calculation, operating margin), net income attributable to invesco ltd. (and by calculation, diluted eps). each of these measures is discussed more fully below.
these non-gaap measures should not be considered as substitutes for any measures derived in accordance with u.s. gaap and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. additional reconciling items may be added in the future to these non-gaap measures if deemed appropriate. the tax effect related to reconciling items that are presented net of tax have been calculated based on the tax rate attributable to the jurisdiction to which the transaction relates.
the following are reconciliations of operating revenues, operating income (and by calculation, operating margin), and net income attributable to invesco ltd. (and by calculation, diluted eps) on a u.s. gaap basis to net revenues, adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin), and adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. (and by calculation, adjusted diluted eps). notes to the reconciliations follow the tables.
53
reconciliation of operating revenues to net revenues:
$ in millions                                                                                                           2015                2014                2013                2012                2011
operating revenues, u.s. gaap basis                                                                             5,122.9              5,147.1             4,644.6             4,050.4             3,982.3
proportional share of revenues, net of third-party distribution expenses, from joint venture investments (1)       61.0                 56.7                51.7                37.5                41.4
third party distribution, service and advisory expenses (2)                                                    (1,579.9   )         (1,630.7   )        (1,489.2   )        (1,308.2   )        (1,279.4   )
cip (3)                                                                                                            39.2                 35.2                37.9                41.0                47.3
other reconciling items (6)                                                                                           -                    -                 7.0                15.3                   -
net revenues                                                                                                    3,643.2              3,608.3             3,252.0             2,836.0             2,791.6
reconciliation of operating income to adjusted operating income:
$ in millions                                                                                         2015               2014               2013               2012               2011
operating income, u.s. gaap basis                                                             1,358.4             1,276.9            1,120.2              842.6              882.1
proportional share of net operating income from joint venture investments (1)                    27.4                25.9               21.3               15.7               19.2
cip (3)                                                                                          63.2                69.8               73.0               72.5               60.3
acquisition/disposition related adjustments (4)                                                  12.8                12.6               23.0               31.4               66.7
compensation expense related to market valuation changes in deferred compensation plans (5)       4.3                11.5               25.1               14.3                5.8
other reconciling items (6)                                                                      27.6                98.3               29.5               35.6               12.1
adjusted operating income                                                                     1,493.7             1,495.0            1,292.1            1,012.1            1,046.2
operating margin*                                                                                26.5   %            24.8   %           24.1   %           20.8   %           22.2   %
adjusted operating margin**                                                                      41.0   %            41.4   %           39.7   %           35.7   %           37.5   %
reconciliation of net income attributable to invesco ltd. to adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd.:
$ in millions, except per share data                                                                                           2015                  2014                 2013                 2012                 2011
net income attributable to invesco ltd., u.s. gaap basis                                                                  968.1                 988.1                940.3                677.1                729.7
cip, eliminated upon consolidation (3)                                                                                     40.4                  (7.8   )              8.7                 10.7                (20.2   )
acquisition/disposition related adjustments, net of tax (4)                                                                14.0                  36.2                (23.8   )             21.9                 62.3
deferred compensation plan market valuation changes and dividend income less compensation expense, net of tax (5)           5.9                  (0.3   )            (12.6   )             (7.4   )              2.5
other reconciling items, net of tax (6)                                                                                    20.3                  78.6                 40.7                 46.3                (15.2   )
adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd.                                                                        1,048.7               1,094.8                953.3                748.6                759.1
average shares outstanding - diluted                                                                                      429.3                 435.6                448.5                453.8                464.7
diluted eps                                                                                                               $2.26                 $2.27                $2.10                $1.49                $1.57
adjusted diluted eps***                                                                                                   $2.44                 $2.51                $2.13                $1.65                $1.63
___________________________
*   operating margin is equal to operating income divided by operating revenues.
**   adjusted operating margin is equal to adjusted operating income divided by net revenues.
***   adjusted diluted eps is equal to adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd. divided by the weighted average shares outstanding amount used in the calculation of diluted eps.
54
(1)   proportional share of net revenues and operating income from joint venture investments the company has two joint venture investments in china. the invesco great wall joint venture is one of the largest sino-foreign managers of equity products in china, with aum of approximately $14.7 billion as of december 31, 2015. the company has a 49% interest in invesco great wall. the company also has a 50% joint venture with huaneng capital services to access private equity investment opportunities in power generation in china through huaneng invesco wlr investment consulting company ltd. enhancing our operations in china is one effort that we believe could improve our competitive position over time. accordingly, we believe that it is appropriate to evaluate the contribution of our joint venture investments to the operations of the business.
management believes that the addition of our proportional share of revenues, net of distribution expenses, from our chinese joint venture investments in the computation of net revenues and the addition of our proportional share of operating income in the related computations of adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin also provide useful information to investors and other users of the company's consolidated financial statements, as management considers it appropriate to evaluate the contribution of its joint ventures to the operations of the business. it is also consistent with the presentation of aum and net flows (where our proportional share of the ending balances and related activity are reflected) and therefore provides a more meaningful calculation of net revenue yield on aum.
(2)   third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses include renewal commissions, management fee rebates and distribution costs (12b-1 and marketing support) paid to brokers and independent financial advisors and other service and administrative fees paid to third parties. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 1, "accounting policies - revenue recognition" for additional details. while the terms used for these types of expenses vary by geography, they are all expense items that are closely linked to the value of aum and the revenue earned by invesco from aum. since the company has been deemed to be the principal in the third-party arrangements, the company must reflect these expenses gross of operating revenues under u.s. gaap.
management believes that the deduction of third-party distribution, service and advisory expenses from operating revenues in the computation of net revenues (and by calculation, net revenue yield on aum) and the related computation of adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin) appropriately reflects the nature of these expenses as revenue-sharing activities, as these costs are passed through to external parties who perform functions on behalf of, and distribute, the company's managed funds. further, these expenses vary extensively by geography due to the differences in distribution channels. the net presentation assists in identifying the revenue contribution generated by the business, removing distortions caused by the differing distribution channel fees and allowing for a fair comparison with u.s. peer investment managers and within invesco's own investment units. additionally, management evaluates net revenue yield on aum, which is equal to net revenues divided by average aum during the reporting period. this financial measure is an indicator of the basis point net revenues we receive for each dollar of aum we manage and is useful when evaluating the company's performance relative to industry competitors and within the company for capital allocation purposes.
(3)   cip see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 20 - "consolidated investment products" for a detailed analysis of the impact to the company's consolidated financial statements from the consolidation of cip. the reconciling items add back the management and performance fees earned by invesco from the consolidated products and remove the revenues and expenses recorded by the consolidated products that have been included in the u.s. gaap consolidated statements of income.
management believes that the consolidation of investment products may impact a reader's analysis of our underlying results of operations and could result in investor confusion or the production of information about the company by analysts or external credit rating agencies that is not reflective of the underlying results of operations and financial condition of the company. accordingly, management believes that it is appropriate to adjust operating revenues, operating income and net income for the impact of cip in calculating the respective net revenues, adjusted operating income and adjusted net income.
55
cip revenue:
year ended december 31,
$ in millions, except per share data                                   2015            2014            2013          2012          2011
management fees earned from cip, eliminated upon consolidation    30.7             26.7            27.0          38.6          46.8
performance fees earned from cip, eliminated upon consolidation    8.5              9.1            11.3           2.4           0.5
other revenues recorded by cip                                       -             (0.6   )        (0.4   )         -             -
cip related adjustments in arriving at net revenues               39.2             35.2            37.9          41.0          47.3
(4)   acquisition/disposition related adjustments acquisition/disposition related adjustments include transaction and integration expenses, costs related to legal settlements of pre-acquisition matters, intangible asset amortization, including amortization related to the write-off of related management contract intangible assets, changes in estimates of contingent earn-out liabilities booked from prior acquisitions, employee severance expenses associated with the cessation of activities related to a previous acquisition, amortization of prepaid compensation related to the 2006 acquisition of w.l. ross & co., tax cash flow benefits resulting from tax amortization of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, and all related tax effects.
while finite-lived intangible assets are amortized under u.s. gaap, there is no amortization charge on goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles. in certain qualifying situations, these can be amortized for tax purposes, generally over a 15-year period, as is the case in the u.s. these cash flows (in the form of reduced taxes payable) represent tax benefits that are not included in the consolidated statements of income absent an impairment charge or the disposal of the related business. the company receives these cash flow benefits but does not anticipate a sale or impairment of these assets in the foreseeable future, and therefore the deferred tax liability recognized under u.s. gaap is not expected to be used either through a credit in the consolidated statements of income or through settlement of tax obligations.
in addition, the results of the discontinued operations of atlantic trust have been excluded in arriving at adjusted net income attributable to invesco ltd., which is the basis of calculating adjusted diluted eps. accordingly, the company's non-gaap financial measures reflect only the continuing business of invesco. management believes this presentation assists in evaluating the ongoing business performance and aids comparability with peer companies that may not have similar discontinued operations.
transaction and integration expenses reflect the legal, regulatory, advisory, valuation, integration-related employee incentive awards and other professional or consulting fees, general and administrative costs, including travel costs related to transactions and the costs of temporary staff involved in executing the transaction, and the post-closing costs of integrating the acquired business into the company's existing operations, including incremental costs associated with achieving synergy savings. additionally, transaction and integration expenses include legal costs related to the defense of legal challenges to auction rate preferred securities redemptions with respect to various closed-end funds included in a prior acquisition.
management believes it is useful to investors and other users of our consolidated financial statements to adjust for the transaction and integration charges, tax cash flow benefits and other acquisition/disposition related adjustments, as noted above, in arriving at adjusted operating income, adjusted operating margin and adjusted diluted eps, as this will aid comparability of our results period to period, and aid comparability with peer companies that may not have similar acquisition and disposition related charges.
56
see table below for a reconciliation of acquisition/disposition related items:
$ in millions                                                    2015            2014             2013             2012             2011
acquisition/disposition related:
employee compensation expense                                  -                -              2.4                -             15.0
transaction and integration expense                            -                -              3.2              8.2             29.4
intangible amortization expense                             10.6             12.6             15.4             25.5             35.5
change in contingent consideration estimates                   -                -                -             (2.3   )        (13.2   )
other acquisition-related items                              2.2                -              2.0                -                -
adjustments to operating income                             12.8             12.6             23.0             31.4             66.7
gain on sale of clo management contracts                       -                -                -             (8.3   )            -
change in contingent consideration estimates               (27.1   )            -                -                -                -
taxation:
taxation on transaction and integration                        -                -             (1.3   )         (3.1   )        (11.2   )
taxation on amortization                                    (1.5   )         (1.6   )         (1.5   )         (2.6   )         (4.4   )
deferred taxation                                           20.1             21.8             21.3             20.1             21.1
taxation on change in contingent consideration estimates    10.3                -                -                -                -
taxation on gain on sale of clo management contracts           -                -                -              2.5                -
taxation on other acquisition-related items                 (0.6   )            -             (0.8   )            -                -
(income)/loss from discontinued operations, net of taxes       -              3.4            (64.5   )        (18.1   )         (9.9   )
adjustments to net income attributable to invesco ltd.      14.0             36.2            (23.8   )         21.9             62.3
(5)   market movement on deferred compensation plan liabilities certain deferred compensation plan awards involve a return to the employee linked to the appreciation (depreciation) of specified investments, typically the funds managed by the employee. invesco hedges economically the exposure to market movements by holding these investments on its balance sheet. u.s. gaap requires the appreciation (depreciation) in the compensation liability to be expensed over the award vesting period in proportion to the vested amount of the award as part of compensation expense. the full value of the investment appreciation (depreciation) is immediately recorded below operating income in other gains and losses. this creates a timing difference between the recognition of the compensation expense and the investment gain or loss impacting net income attributable to invesco ltd. and diluted eps which will reverse over the life of the award and net to zero at the end of the multi-year vesting period. during periods of high market volatility these timing differences impact compensation expense, operating income and operating margin in a manner which, over the life of the award, will ultimately be offset by gains and losses recorded below operating income on the consolidated statements of income. the non-gaap measures exclude the mismatch created by differing u.s. gaap treatments of the market movement on the liability and the investments.
since these plans are hedged economically, management believes it is useful to reflect the offset ultimately achieved from hedging the investment market exposure in the calculation of adjusted operating income (and by calculation, adjusted operating margin) and adjusted net income (and by calculation, adjusted diluted eps), to produce results that will be more comparable period to period. the related fund shares will have been purchased on or around the date of grant, eliminating any ultimate cash impact from market movements that occur over the vesting period.
additionally, dividend income from investments held to hedge economically deferred compensation plans is recorded as dividend income and as compensation expense on the company's consolidated statements of income on the record dates. this dividend income is passed through to the employee participants in the plan and is not retained by the company. the non-gaap measures exclude this dividend income and related compensation expense.
57
(6)   other reconciling items each of these other reconciling items has been adjusted from u.s. gaap to arrive at the company's non-gaap financial measures for the reasons either outlined in the paragraphs above, due to the unique character and magnitude of the reconciling item, or because the item represents a continuation of a reconciling item adjusted from u.s. gaap in a prior period.
$ in millions                                                                                      2015                  2014             2013            2012             2011
other non-gaap adjustments:
investment management fees accrual adjustment (a)                                                  -                    -              4.3               -            -
third party distribution, service and advisory expenses - european infrastructure initiative (b)   -                    -              2.7            15.3            -
adjustments to net revenues                                                                        -                    -              7.0            15.3            -
business optimization charges: (c)
employee compensation                                                                              12.2               7.2                -               -            -
consulting and temporary labor                                                                     2.0                  -                -               -            -
property, office and technology                                                                    (4.4   )          33.1                -               -            -
regulatory charge (d)                                                                              12.6              31.1                -               -            -
legal fees for regulatory charge (d)                                                               0.5                0.5                -               -            -
fund reimbursement expense (e)                                                                     4.7               31.1                -               -            -
u.k. fscs levy (f)                                                                                 -                 (4.7   )          3.0               -              0.4
european infrastructure initiative (b)                                                             -                    -              7.8            20.3             18.8
capitalized software development write-off (g)                                                     -                    -             11.7               -            -
termination of stadium naming rights (h)                                                           -                    -                -               -            (10.4   )
fund accounting reimbursement costs (i)                                                            -                    -                -               -            (0.3    )
litigation settlement costs (j)                                                                    -                    -                -               -              3.6
adjustments to operating income                                                                    27.6              98.3             29.5            35.6             12.1
foreign exchange hedge (k)                                                                         1.0               (0.2   )         (0.6   )         0.8            -
payment to an investment trust (l)                                                                 -                    -             31.9               -            -
senior notes call premium (m)                                                                      -                    -                -            23.5            -
litigation settlement credit (j)                                                                   -                    -                -               -            (45.0   )
taxation:
taxation on investment management fees accrual adjustment (a)                                      -                    -             (1.1   )           -            -
taxation on european infrastructure initiative (b)                                                 -                    -             (2.1   )        (7.6   )        (1.9    )
taxation on business optimization charges (c)                                                      (3.8   )          (8.7   )            -               -            -
taxation on regulatory-related charges (d)                                                         (2.7   )          (0.1   )            -               -            -
taxation on fund reimbursement expense (e)                                                         (1.8   )         (11.7   )            -               -            -
taxation on u.k. fscs levy (f)                                                                     -                  1.0             (0.7   )           -            (0.1    )
taxation on capitalized software development write-off (g)                                         -                    -             (4.3   )           -            -
taxation on termination of stadium naming rights (h)                                               -                    -                -               -              4.0
taxation on fund accounting reimbursement costs (i)                                                -                    -                -               -              0.1
taxation on litigation settlement credit (j)                                                       -                    -                -               -             15.6
taxation on foreign exchange hedge (k)                                                             -                    -              0.2            (0.2   )        -
taxation on payment to an investment trust (l)                                                     -                    -            (12.1   )           -            -
taxation on senior notes call premium (m)                                                          -                    -                -            (5.8   )        -
adjustments to net income attributable to invesco ltd.                                             20.3              78.6             40.7            46.3            (15.2   )
58
a.   during the year ended december 31, 2013, the company reduced a management fee revenue accrual by $4.3 million to reflect a multi-year true-up. inclusion of this true-up in the company's non-gaap financial information would depress the derived metric of net revenue yield on aum from continuing operations, an important metric calculated from a non-gaap financial measure which is often contemplated by users of the company's financial information to evaluate the company with industry peers. the true-up is not indicative of a trend in future net revenue yield on aum; therefore, it is not included in management's evaluation of the results of the business. on this basis, the amount is added back to management fees to arrive at net revenue.
b.   european infrastructure transformational initiative: the company has outsourced its european transfer agency and has made certain structural changes to product and distribution platforms. expenses incurred related to the european infrastructure activities are excluded in arriving at the non-gaap financial information. in connection with the initiative, operational process changes resulted in an accounting adjustment recognizing additional distribution expense in the years ended december 31, 2012 and december 31, 2013.
c.   business optimization: operating expenses for 2015 include costs associated with a business transformation initiative that include severance costs of $12.2 million , and consulting and temporary labor costs of $2.0 million.
operating expenses in 2014 include property related charges of $33.1 million (2015: $4.4 million credit) associated with vacating leased properties as part of a ongoing location strategy and severance costs of $7.2 million related to the initiative.
d.   general and administrative expenses for 2015 include a provision of $12.6 million pertaining to regulatory actions and related legal fees of $0.5 million. this includes $7.6 million associated with our private equity business.
operating expenses for 2014 include a charge of $31.1 million in respect of the penalty under a settlement of an enforcement proceeding reached with the u.k. financial conduct authority (fca) pertaining to the company's compliance with certain fca rules and regulations for the period from may 2008 to november 2012. this charge, together with settlement-related legal costs of $0.5 million, has been recorded in general and administrative expense.
e.   general and administrative expenses for 2015 also includes a charge of $4.7 million (2014: $31.1 million) in respect of a multi-year fund reimbursement expense associated with historical private equity management fees. the charge resulted primarily from using a more appropriate methodology regarding the calculation of offsets to management fees.
f.   included within general and administrative expenses for 2014 is a credit of $4.7 million related to the partial refund of a $15.3 million levy in 2010 from the u.k. financial services compensation scheme. an additional $0.4 million charge was recorded in the year ended december 31, 2011 and $3.0 million in the year ended december 31, 2013 reflecting revised estimates of the levy.
g.   property, office and technology expenses includes a charge of $11.7 million in the year ended december 31, 2013 related to the write-off of capitalized it software development costs.
h.   included within marketing expenses in the year ended december 31, 2011 is a credit of $10.4 million related to the termination of naming rights to the denver broncos stadium.
i.   included within general and administrative expenses in the year ended december 31, 2010 is a charge of $8.9 million representing reimbursement costs from the correction of historical foreign exchange allocations in the fund accounting process that impacted the reporting of fund performance in certain funds. a $0.3 million credit was recorded in the year ended december 31, 2011 reflecting the final amount reimbursed.
j.   included within other gains and losses, net in the year ended december 31, 2011 is a credit of $45.0 million related to the settlement of litigation arising from the 2007 departure of certain investment professionals to a competitor. included within general and administrative expenses are legal fees associated with the litigation of $3.6 million.
k.   included within other gains and losses, net is the mark-to-market of foreign exchange put option contracts intended to provide protection against the impact of a significant decline in the pound sterling/u.s. dollar foreign exchange rate. these contracts provided coverage through march 25, 2016. the adjustment from u.s. gaap to non-gaap earnings removes the impact of market volatility; therefore, the company's non-gaap results include only the amortization of the cost of the contracts during the contract period.
59
l.   on december 31, 2013, at the time of creating a new trust company subsidiary to continue operating the company's institutional trust activities immediately following the disposition of atlantic trust, the company made a $31.9 million payment to a managed investment trust, which resulted in the subsequent termination of an outstanding support agreement. this expense was recorded in other gains/(losses) in the company's consolidated statement of income during the year ended december 31, 2013.
m.   other gains and losses, net included a charge of $23.5 million in the year ended december 31, 2012 related to the call premiums on the redemption of the $333.5 million principal amount of 5.375% senior notes due february 27, 2013 and the $197.1 million principal amount of the 5.375% senior notes due december 15, 2014.
balance sheet discussion a summary of the balance sheet impact of cip is presented below. the impact is illustrated in the tables immediately below by a column which shows the dollar-value change in the consolidated figures, as caused by the consolidation of cip. for example, the impact of cip on accounts receivable and investments for the year ended december 31, 2015 were reductions of $4.9 million and $68.5 million, respectively. this indicates that the consolidation of cip reduced accounts receivable and investments by these amounts, reflecting the elimination upon consolidation of the underlying net interests in cip held by the company.
the majority of the company's cip are clo-related. the collateral assets of the clos are held solely to satisfy the obligations of the clos. the company has no right to the benefits from, nor does it bear the risks associated with, the collateral assets held by the clos, beyond the company's direct investments in, and management fees generated from, clos. if the company were to liquidate, the collateral assets would not be available to the general creditors of the company, and as a result, the company does not consider them to be company assets. likewise, if the clos were to liquidate, their investors would have no recourse to the general credit of the company. the company therefore does not consider this debt to be a company liability. as demonstrated by the balance sheet data that follows in this section and in the "liquidity and capital resources" section, inclusion of the long-term debt of consolidated investment products within liquidity measures, such as debt-to-equity measures, causes the company to appear far more indebted than is the case.
60
summary of balance sheet impact of cip december 31, 2015                                     december 31, 2014
$ in millions                                                                                 impact of cip               consolidated total        impact of cip               consolidated total assets cash and cash equivalents                                                                     -                          1,851.4                    -                          1,514.2
unsettled fund receivables                                                                    -                            566.3                    -                            732.4
accounts receivable                                                                           (4.9      )                  528.1                    (3.8      )                  545.9
investments                                                                                   (68.5     )                1,019.1                    (94.9     )                  885.4
assets of csip                                                                                -                            319.1                    -                            305.8
assets of cip:
cash and cash equivalents of cip                                                                363.3                      363.3                      404.0                      404.0
accounts receivable of cip                                                                      173.5                      173.5                      161.3                      161.3
investments of cip                                                                            6,016.1                    6,016.1                    5,762.8                    5,762.8
assets held for policyholders                                                                 -                          6,051.5                    -                          1,697.9
prepaid assets                                                                                -                            121.2                    -                            132.1
other assets                                                                                  -                            107.0                    -                             79.5
property and equipment, net                                                                   -                            426.9                    -                            402.6
intangible assets, net                                                                        -                          1,354.0                    -                          1,246.7
goodwill                                                                                      -                          6,175.7                    -                          6,579.4
total assets                                                                                  6,479.5                   25,073.2                    6,229.4                   20,450.0
liabilities accrued compensation and benefits                                                             -                            661.3                    -                            667.3
accounts payable and accrued expenses                                                         -                            863.1                    -                            757.3
liabilities of cip:
debt of cip                                                                                   5,437.0                    5,437.0                    5,149.6                    5,149.6
other liabilities of cip                                                                        273.7                      273.7                      280.9                      280.9
policyholder payables                                                                         -                          6,051.5                    -                          1,697.9
unsettled fund payables                                                                       -                            561.9                    -                            730.1
long-term debt                                                                                -                          2,072.8                    -                          1,576.8
deferred tax liabilities, net                                                                 -                            288.9                    -                            304.8
total liabilities                                                                             5,710.7                   16,210.2                    5,430.5                   11,164.7
temporary equity redeemable noncontrolling interests in csip                                                   -                            167.3                    -                            165.5
permanent equity equity attributable to invesco ltd.:
common shares                                                                                 -                             98.1                    -                             98.1
additional paid-in-capital                                                                    -                          6,197.7                    -                          6,133.6
treasury shares                                                                               -                         (2,404.1   )                -                         (1,898.1   )
retained earnings                                                                             (20.1     )                4,439.6                       20.3                    3,926.0
retained earnings appropriated for investors in cip                                           -                                -                       17.6                       17.6
accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax                                               20.1                     (446.0   )                (20.2     )                   48.8
total equity attributable to invesco ltd.                                                     -                          7,885.3                       17.7                    8,326.0
equity attributable to nonredeemable noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities          768.8                      810.4                      781.2                      793.8
total permanent equity                                                                          768.8                    8,695.7                      798.9                    9,119.8
total liabilities, temporary and permanent equity                                             6,479.5                   25,073.2                    6,229.4                   20,450.0
61
cash and cash equivalents cash and cash equivalents increased by $337.2 million from $1,514.2 million at december 31, 2014 to $1,851.4 million at december 31, 2015. see "cash flows" in the following section within this management's discussion and analysis for additional discussion regarding the movements in cash flows during the periods. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 1, "accounting policies - cash and cash equivalents," regarding requirements to retain liquid resources in certain jurisdictions.
unsettled fund receivables and payables unsettled fund receivables decreased by $166.1 million from $732.4 million at december 31, 2014 to $566.3 million at december 31, 2015, due primarily to lower transaction activity between funds and investors in late december 2015 when compared to late december 2014 in our uits, together with u.k. and cross-border funds. in the company's capacity as sponsor of uits, the company records receivables from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations for unsettled sell trades of securities and uits in addition to receivables from customers for unsettled sell trades of uits. in our u.k. and cross-border operations, unsettled fund receivables are created by the normal settlement periods on transactions initiated by certain clients. the presentation of the unsettled fund receivables and substantially offsetting payables ($561.9 million at december 31, 2015 down from $730.1 million at december 31, 2014) at trade date reflects the legal relationship between the underlying investor and the company.
investments as of december 31, 2015 we had $1,019.1 million in investments. included in investments are $417.1 million of seed money investments in affiliated funds used to seed funds as we launch new products, and $158.8 million of investments related to assets held for deferred compensation plans, which are also held primarily in affiliated funds. seed investments increased by $102.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2015, due primarily to funding of seed money investments, partially offset by seed money redemptions and unfavorable market activity. investments held to hedge deferred compensation awards decreased by $3.8 million during the year, primarily due to redemptions of investments in affiliated funds to hedge economically employee plan awards and negative market activity, partially offset by new purchases of investments.
included in investments are $352.8 million in equity method investments in our chinese and indian joint ventures and in certain of the company's private equity partnerships, real estate partnerships and other co-investments (december 31, 2014: $332.1 million). the increase of $20.7 million in equity method investments was primarily driven by an increase of $21.7 million in our partnership investments. partnership investments increased due to capital calls in co-investments of $65.1 million (including $50.6 million into real estate funds) and $10.9 million in earnings and valuation adjustments. these increases in partnership investments were offset by distributions and capital returns of $53.1 million (including $42.1 million into real estate funds) and a $1.2 million decrease due to foreign exchange movement during the period. the remaining change in equity method investments is due to a $1.0 million decrease in our joint venture investments. our joint venture investments had an an increase in funding of $0.6 million and current period earnings of $19.7 million. these increases were offset by $14.8 million in dividends earned, $4.5 million in foreign exchange rate movement and $2.0 million of capital returns.
assets of csip assets of consolidated sponsored investment products (csip) consist of cash, investments and other assets. at december 31, 2015, csip assets include $290.3 million in investments, $21.9 million in cash and cash equivalents, and $6.9 million in accounts receivable and other assets (december 31, 2014: $288.5 million in investments, $11.4 million in cash and cash equivalents, and $5.9 million in accounts receivable and other assets). the increase in the balance of these accounts was the result of additional capital contributions to these funds together with increases in market value of investments. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "accounting policies," and note 19, "consolidated sponsored investment products," for additional information.
assets held for policyholders and policyholder payables one of our subsidiaries, invesco perpetual life limited, is an insurance company that was established to facilitate retirement savings plans in the u.k. the entity holds assets that are managed for its clients on its balance sheet with an equal and offsetting liability. the increase in the balance of these accounts from $1,697.9 million at december 31, 2014, to $6,051.5 million at december 31, 2015, was the result of new business net inflows of $4,321.2 million and an increase in the market values of these assets and liabilities of $278.3 million, offset by negative foreign exchange movements of $245.9 million. the new business inflows can be primarily attributed to pension and retirement funds investing into multi-asset products via this insurance company.
62
intangible assets, net intangible assets reflect a net increase of $107.3 million from $1,246.7 million at december 31, 2014, to $1,354.0 million at december 31, 2015. the increase in intangible assets, net is due to the acquisition of management contract intangible assets from deutsche bank of $119.3 million during 2015, partly offset by amortization of $10.6 million and foreign exchange movements of $1.4 million.
goodwill goodwill decreased from $6,579.4 million at december 31, 2014, to $6,175.7 million at december 31, 2015. the decrease is due to foreign exchange movements of $403.7 million. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 6, "goodwill," for an analysis of the change in goodwill balances between periods. the company's annual goodwill impairment review is performed as of october 1 of each year. as a result of that analysis, the company determined that no impairment existed at that date. see "critical accounting policies - goodwill" for additional details of the company's goodwill impairment analysis process.
long-term debt long-term debt increased from $1,576.8 million at december 31, 2014, to $2,072.8 million at december 31, 2015, an increase of $496.0 million. on october 14, 2015, the company completed the issuance of senior notes with aggregate principal amounts of $500 million at 3.75% due january 15, 2026. the proceeds were used, in part, to repay the outstanding balance on the credit facility at that date. separately, on august 7, 2015, the company amended the existing $1.25 billion credit facility to extend its maturity to august 7, 2020.
liquidity and capital resources our capital structure, together with available cash balances, cash flows generated from operations, existing capacity under our credit facility and further capital market activities, if necessary, should provide us with sufficient resources to meet present and future cash needs, including operating, debt and other obligations as they come due and anticipated future capital requirements. material changes in the company's capital structure over the last three years include:
2015: during 2015, we repurchased 15.5 million common shares in open market transactions utilizing $548.8 million in cash under the company's board-approved open market share repurchase program. on october 14, 2015, the company completed the issuance of senior notes with aggregate principal amounts of $500 million at 3.750% due january 15, 2026. the proceeds were used, in part, to repay the outstanding balance on the credit facility at that date. separately, on august 7, 2015, the company amended the existing $1.25 billion credit facility to extend its maturity to august 7, 2020.
2014: during 2014, we repurchased 7.4 million common shares in open market transactions utilizing $269.6 million in cash under the company's board-approved open market share repurchase program.
2013: during the fourth quarter of 2013, the company issued senior notes with aggregate principal amounts of $600.0 million at 4.000% due january 30, 2024 and $400.0 million at 5.375% due november 30, 2043. of the total net proceeds, $699.4 million was used to repay the amount outstanding on the credit facility with the remaining to be used for general corporate purposes. during 2013, we repurchased 13.9 million common shares in open market transactions utilizing $470.5 million in cash under the company's board-approved open market share repurchase program. additionally, the company amended its $1.25 billion unsecured credit facility to extend the maturity to 2018.
our capital management priorities have evolved with the growth and success of our business and include:
•   reinvestment in the business;
•   moderate annual growth of dividends (as further discussed in the "dividends" section below);
•   share repurchase; and
•   establishment of an approximate $1 billion cash buffer in excess of european regulatory and liquidity requirements.
these priorities are executed in a manner consistent with our desire to maintain a strong, investment-grade credit rating. as of the date of this report, invesco held credit ratings of a/stable, a2/stable and a-/positive from s&p, moody's, and fitch, respectively. during 2015, fitch raised their outlook from stable to positive and stated the outlook revision reflected continued strong operating and investment performance, leveling of seed capital investments and an increased focus on organic growth over
63
debt-funded acquisitions. furthermore, s&p considers our risk management to be strong. (s&p rates companies' enterprise risk management capabilities on a scale of fair, adequate, strong, and excellent). our ability to continue to access the capital markets in a timely manner depends on a number of factors, including our credit ratings, the condition of the global economy, investors' willingness to purchase our securities, interest rates, credit spreads and the valuation levels of equity markets. if we are unable to access capital markets in a timely manner, our business could be adversely impacted. see also item 1a - "risk factors," for more detailed discussion on reliance on credit ratings.
certain of our subsidiaries are required to maintain minimum levels of capital. such requirements may change from time-to-time as additional guidance is released based on a variety of factors, including balance sheet composition, assessment of risk exposures and governance, and review from regulators. these and other similar provisions of applicable law may have the effect of limiting withdrawals of capital, repayment of intercompany loans and payment of dividends by such entities. all of our regulated eu subsidiaries are subject to consolidated capital requirements under eu directives, including those arising from the capital requirements directive iv (crd iv) and the internal capital adequacy assessment process (icaap), and capital is maintained within this sub-group to satisfy these regulations. we meet these requirements in part by holding cash and cash equivalents. this retained cash can be used for general business purposes in the european sub-group in the countries where it is located. due to the capital restrictions, the ability to transfer cash between certain jurisdictions may be limited. in addition, transfers of cash between international jurisdictions may have adverse tax consequences. we are in compliance with all regulatory minimum net capital requirements. as of december 31, 2015, the company's minimum regulatory capital requirement was $534.7 million (december 31, 2014: $416.0 million). the total amount of non-u.s. cash and cash equivalents was $1,612.7 million at december 31, 2015 (december 31, 2014: $1,109.4 million).
in addition, the company is required to hold cash deposits with clearing organizations or to otherwise segregate cash to maintain compliance with federal and other regulations in connection with its uit broker dealer entity. at december 31, 2015, these cash deposits totaled $11.4 million (december 31, 2014: $11.4 million).
the consolidation of $5.8 billion and $5.5 billion of total assets and long-term debt of certain clo products as of december 31, 2015, respectively, did not impact the company's liquidity and capital resources. the collateral assets of the clos are held solely to satisfy the obligations of the clos. the company has no right to the benefits from, nor does it bear the risks associated with, the collateral assets held by the clos, beyond the company's direct investments in, and management fees generated from, these products, which are eliminated upon consolidation. if the company were to liquidate, the collateral assets would not be available to the general creditors of the company, and as a result, the company does not consider them to be company assets. likewise, if the clos were to liquidate, their investors would have no recourse to the general credit of the company. the company therefore does not consider this debt to be an obligation of the company. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 20, "consolidated investment products," for additional details.
selected balance sheet information is reflected in the table below:
excluding cip (non-gaap) (1,3)                                                      including cip (u.s. gaap) (3)
$ in millions                                     december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013          december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013
cash and cash equivalents                        1,851.4                     1,514.2                     1,331.2                    1,851.4                     1,514.2                     1,331.2
investments of cip                                     -                           -                           -                    6,016.1                     5,762.8                     4,734.7
total assets (1)                                18,593.7                    14,220.6                    13,938.9                   25,073.2                    20,450.0                    19,256.8
long-term debt                                   2,072.8                     1,576.8                     1,574.9                    2,072.8                     1,576.8                     1,574.9
long-term debt of cip                                  -                           -                           -                    5,437.0                     5,149.6                     4,181.7
long-term debt / long-term debt plus cip debt    2,072.8                     1,576.8                     1,574.9                    7,509.8                     6,726.4                     5,756.6
total liabilities (1)                           10,499.5                     5,734.2                     5,636.0                   16,210.2                    11,164.7                    10,279.5
total permanent equity (1)                       7,926.9                     8,320.9                     8,302.9                    8,695.7                     9,119.8                     8,977.3
debt/equity % (1,2)                                 26.1   %          18.9                    %   19.0                    %   86.4                   %   73.8                    %   64.1                    %
____________
(1)   the balance sheet line items excluding cip are non-gaap financial measures. to calculate total assets excluding cip at december 31, 2015, use u.s. gaap total assets of $25,073.2 million (2014: $20,450.0 million; 2013: $19,256.8 million) and
64
subtract total assets of cip of $6,479.5 million (2014: $6,229.4 million; 2013: $5,317.9 million). to calculate total liabilities excluding cip at december 31, 2015, use u.s. gaap total liabilities of $16,210.2 million (2014: $11,164.7 million; 2013: $10,279.5 million) and subtract total liabilities of cip of $5,710.7 million (2014: $5,430.5 million; 2013: $4,643.5 million). to calculate total permanent equity excluding cip at december 31, 2015, use u.s. gaap total permanent equity of $8,695.7 million (2014: $9,119.8 million; 2013: $8,977.3 million) and subtract total equity of cip of $768.8 million (2014: $798.9 million; 2013: $674.4 million). see the "balance sheet discussion" section for a fully expanded balance sheet illustrating the impact of consolidation of investment products for 2015 and 2014.
(2)   the debt-to-equity ratio excluding cip is a non-gaap financial measure. the debt-to-equity ratio is calculated as long-term debt divided by total permanent equity for the balance sheet excluding cip and long-term debt plus long-term debt of cip divided by permanent equity for the balance sheet including cip. management believes that it is important to illustrate for users of our consolidated financial statements that calculating a balance sheet measure, such as the debt-to-equity ratio, including the impact of cip causes the company to appear far more indebted than is the case. as disclosed above, the debt of cip is not the company's debt, nor do the noteholders of the cip debt have any recourse to the company.
(3)   the company adopted asu 2015-03, "simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs," as of december 31, 2015 on a retrospective basis to all prior balance sheet periods presented. as a result of the retrospective adoption, the company reclassified unamortized debt issuance costs of $15.9 million and $12.5 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, from other assets to long-term debt within its consolidated balance sheets.
cash flows discussion the ability to consistently generate free cash flow from operations in excess of dividend payments, share repurchases, capital expenditures, and ongoing operating expenses is one of our company's fundamental financial strengths. operations continue to be financed from current earnings and borrowings. our principal uses of cash, other than for operating expenses, include dividend payments, capital expenditures, acquisitions, purchase of our shares in the open market and investments in certain new investment products.
cash flows of cip (discussed in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 20, "consolidated investment products") are reflected in invesco's cash provided by or used in operating activities, investing activities and financing activities. cash held by cip is not available for general use by invesco, nor is invesco cash available for general use by its cip. accordingly, the table below presents the consolidated total cash flows of the company and separately presents the impact to the cash flows from cip. the impact is illustrated in the tables immediately below by a column which shows the dollar-value change in the consolidated figures, as caused by the consolidation of cip. for example, the impact of cip on net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 was an reduction of $46.1 million. this indicates that the consolidation of cip increased consolidated net income by $46.1 million. also as illustrated in the table below, the sum of the operating, investing and financing cash flows of cip offsets to a zero impact to the company's change in cash and cash equivalent balances from period to period. the cash flows of cip do not form part of the company's cash flow management processes, nor do they form part of the company's significant liquidity evaluations and decisions for the reasons noted. the discussion that follows the table focuses on the company's cash flows.
65
summary of cash flow statement impact of cip december 31, 2015                                            december 31, 2014                                            december 31, 2013
$ in millions                                                                                 impact of cip               invesco ltd. consolidated        impact of cip               invesco ltd. consolidated        impact of cip               invesco ltd. consolidated operating activities:
net income/(loss)                                                                             (46.1      )                     964.1                           11.1                       1,001.1                           36.0                         982.8
adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities:
amortization and depreciation                                                                 -                                 93.6                       -                                 89.4                       -                                 88.4
share-based compensation expense                                                              -                                150.3                       -                                138.0                       -                                133.1
(gain)/loss on disposal of business, property and equipment, net                              -                                    -                       -                                    -                       -                                (64.8   )
other gains and losses, net                                                                   3.9                                1.5                            4.8                         (28.1   )                       11.8                         (34.4   )
other (gains)/losses of csip, net                                                             -                                  0.8                       -                                (13.6   )                   -                                 (2.0   )
other (gains)/losses of cip, net                                                              37.0                              37.0                       (20.4      )                     (20.4   )                   (61.9      )                     (61.9   )
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                               1.7                              (35.1   )                        4.0                         (32.8   )                        2.5                         (35.5   )
dividends from unconsolidated affiliates                                                      -                                 18.7                       -                                 19.6                       -                                 16.5
changes in operating assets and liabilities:
(increase)/decrease in cash held by cip                                                       39.9                              39.9                          148.5                         148.5                       (298.9     )                    (298.9   )
(increase)/decrease in cash held by csip                                                      -                                (10.5   )                   -                                  1.3                       -                                (10.1   )
(purchase)/sale of trading investments, net                                                   -                               (159.0   )                   -                                 (2.7   )                   -                                  5.4
(increase)/decrease in receivables                                                            (17.0      )                  (4,489.9   )                   (21.4      )                    (265.8   )                       22.2                        (593.1   )
increase/(decrease) in payables                                                               3.7                            4,442.1                       (2.3       )                     165.9                            4.2                         654.7
net cash provided by/(used in) operating activities                                           23.1                           1,053.5                          124.3                       1,200.4                       (284.1     )                     780.2
investing activities:
purchase of property, equipment and software                                                  -                               (124.5   )                   -                               (133.2   )                   -                                (88.2   )
purchase of available-for-sale investments                                                    63.3                             (44.9   )                       88.5                        (113.8   )                       67.0                        (132.3   )
sale of available-for-sale investments                                                        (62.3      )                      51.1                       (66.2      )                     102.8                       (74.7      )                      26.9
purchase of investments by cip                                                                (4,080.7   )                  (4,080.7   )                   (5,565.9   )                  (5,565.9   )                   (4,465.4   )                  (4,465.4   )
sale of investments by cip                                                                    3,543.2                        3,543.2                       4,022.9                        4,022.9                       4,440.4                        4,440.4
purchase of investments by csip                                                               -                               (527.5   )                   -                               (683.4   )                   -                               (116.5   )
sale of investments by csip                                                                   -                                524.2                       -                                493.6                       -                                 66.9
purchase of other investments                                                                 1.7                             (167.8   )                        3.7                        (123.2   )                        0.2                        (239.1   )
sale of other investments                                                                     -                                111.6                       -                                 73.7                       -                                 94.3
returns of capital and distributions from unconsolidated partnership investments              (0.5       )                      50.5                       (3.0       )                      38.5                       (0.2       )                      38.0
acquisition earn-out payments                                                                 -                                    -                       -                                    -                       -                                 (1.9   )
sale of business                                                                              -                                    -                       -                                 60.8                       -                                137.0
net cash provided by/(used in) investing activities                                           (535.3     )                    (664.8   )                   (1,520.0   )                  (1,827.2   )                   (32.7      )                    (239.9   )
financing activities:
proceeds from exercises of share options                                                      -                                  3.7                       -                                 11.0                       -                                 17.9
purchases of treasury shares                                                                  -                               (548.8   )                   -                               (269.6   )                   -                               (470.5   )
dividends paid                                                                                -                               (454.5   )                   -                               (424.0   )                   -                               (379.7   )
excess tax benefits from share-based compensation                                             -                                 21.2                       -                                 24.0                       -                                 21.6
(repayment)/borrowing of unsettled fund account                                               -                                    -                       -                                (35.7   )                   -                                 35.7
third-party capital invested into cip                                                         113.5                            113.5                          287.0                         287.0                           17.7                          17.7
third-party capital distributed by cip                                                        (120.0     )                    (120.0   )                   (165.8     )                    (165.8   )                   (191.5     )                    (191.5   )
third-party capital invested into csip                                                        -                                 31.2                       -                                167.1                       -                                  3.9
third-party capital distributed by csip                                                       -                                (25.9   )                   -                                 (6.0   )                   -                                    -
borrowings of debt of cip                                                                     2,091.8                        2,091.8                       1,996.3                        1,996.3                       1,365.4                        1,365.4
repayments of debt of cip                                                                     (1,573.1   )                  (1,573.1   )                   (721.8     )                    (721.8   )                   (874.8     )                    (874.8   )
net borrowings/(repayments) under credit facility                                             -                                    -                       -                                    -                       -                               (586.5   )
proceeds from issuance of senior notes                                                        -                                495.5                       -                                    -                       -                                981.5
payment of contingent consideration                                                           -                                (11.3   )                   -                                    -                       -                                    -
net cash provided by/(used in) financing activities                                           512.2                             23.3                       1,395.7                          862.5                          316.8                         (59.3   )
increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                              -                                412.0                       -                                235.7                       -                                481.0
foreign exchange movement on cash and cash equivalents                                        -                                (74.8   )                   -                                (52.7   )                   -                                 14.7
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year                                                  -                              1,514.2                       -                              1,331.2                       -                                835.5
cash and cash equivalents, end of year                                                        -                              1,851.4                       -                              1,514.2                       -                              1,331.2
66
operating activities operating cash flows include the receipt of investment management and other fees generated from aum, offset by operating expenses and changes in operating assets and liabilities. in general, after allowing for the change in cash held by cip, our operating cash flows move in the same direction as our operating income.
during 2015, cash provided by operating activities decreased $146.9 million to $1,053.5 million from $1,200.4 million in 2014. as shown in the tables above, the impact of cip to cash provided by operating activities was $23.1 million of cash provided during 2015 compared to $124.3 million of cash provided during 2014. excluding the impact of cip, cash generated by operations was $1,030.4 million in 2015 compared to $1,076.1 million in 2014, a decrease of $45.7 million. this decrease is lower than the $81.5 million increase in operating income principally due to changes in operating assets and liabilities. excluding the impact of cip, the changes in operating assets and liabilities utilized $204.0 million of cash in 2015, as compared to utilizing $77.6 million in the same period in 2014, reducing cash provided by operating activities by $126.4 million when comparing the two periods. this includes a $156.3 million increase in net purchases of trading investments, a $11.8 million decrease in cash held by csip investments, and $21.8 million decrease in additional payroll payments related to annual staff bonus, related payroll taxes, payroll taxes on annual share award vestings, and annual retirement plan contributions. the increase in receivables and payables, excluding the impact of cip, of $4,472.9 million and $4,483.4 million, respectively, include increases in our assets held for policyholders and policyholder payables, as discussed in item 7, management's discussion and analysis -- balance sheet discussion -- "assets held for policyholders and policyholder payables" of $4,626.8 million each. there were no significant non-cash items that impacted the comparison between the periods of operating income to net cash provided by operations.
net income during 2015 includes $0.8 million of losses from csip investments (2014: $13.6 million of gains). these gains and losses are adjusted out in arriving at cash provided by operations.
during 2014, cash provided by operating activities increased $420.2 million to $1,200.4 million from 780.2 million in 2013. as shown in the tables above, the impact of cip to cash provided operating activities was $124.3 million of cash provided during 2014 compared to $284.1 million of cash used during 2013. excluding the impact of cip, cash provided by operations was $1,076.1 million in 2014 compared to $1,064.3 million in 2013, an increase of $11.8 million. this increase is lower than the $156.7 million increase in operating income principally due to changes in operating assets and liabilities. excluding the impact of cip, the changes in operating assets and liabilities utilized $77.6 million of cash in 2014, as compared to generating $30.5 million in the same period in 2013, reducing cash provided by operating activities by $108.1 million when comparing the two periods. this includes a $8.1 million increase in net purchases of trading investments, an $11.4 million decrease in cash held by csip investments, and $54.6 million of additional payroll payments related to annual staff bonus, related payroll taxes, payroll taxes on annual share award vestings, and annual retirement plan contributions. the increase in receivables and payables, excluding the impact of cip, of $244.4 million and $168.2 million, respectively, include increases in our assets held for policyholders and policyholder payables of $374.8 million each. there were no significant non-cash items that impacted the comparison between the periods of operating income to net cash provided by operations.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities totaled $664.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 (2014: net cash used $1,827.2 million). as shown in the tables above, the impact of cip on investing activities, including investment purchases, sales and returns of capital, was $535.3 million used (2014: $1,520.0 million used). excluding the impact of cip cash flows, net cash used in investing activities was $129.5 million (2014: $307.2 million used).
for the year ended december 31, 2015, excluding the impact of cip, cash outflows include purchases of investments by csip of $527.5 million (2014: $683.4 million) and available-for-sale investments and other investments of $277.7 million (2014: $329.2 million). these outflows were partially offset by collected proceeds of $524.2 million from sale of investments by csip (2014: $493.6 million) and $276.0 million from sales of available-for-sale and other investments combined with returns of capital and distributions from unconsolidated partnerships (2014: $284.2 million).
during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company had capital expenditures of $124.5 million (2014: $133.2 million). our capital expenditures related principally in each period to technology initiatives, including enhancements to platforms from which we maintain our portfolio management systems and fund accounting systems, improvements in computer hardware and software desktop products for employees, new telecommunications products to enhance our internal information flow, and back-up disaster recovery systems. also, in each period, a portion of these costs related to leasehold improvements made to the various buildings and workspaces used in our offices. these projects have been funded with proceeds from our operating cash flows.
67
net cash used in investing activities totaled $1,827.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 (2013: net cash used of $239.9 million). as shown in the tables above, cip, including investment purchases, sales and returns of capital, used $1,520.0 million (2013: $32.7 million used). excluding cip cash flows, net cash used in investing activities was $307.2 million (2013: net cash used of $207.2 million). cash outflows include purchases of investments by csip of $683.4 million (2013: $116.5 million) and available-for-sale investments and other investments of $329.2 million (2013: $438.6 million). these outflows were partially offset by collected proceeds of $493.6 million from sale of investments by csip (2013: $66.9 million), $284.2 million from sales of available-for-sale and other investments combined with returns of capital and distributions from unconsolidated partnerships (2013: $234.1 million) and $60.8 million received during 2014 as part of the final consideration for the sale of the atlantic trust business on december 31, 2013.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities totaled $23.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 (2014: cash provided of $862.5 million). as shown in the tables above, the impact of cip on financing activities provided cash of $512.2 million during the year (2014: cash provided of $1,395.7 million). excluding the impact of cip, financing activities used cash of $488.9 million in the year ended december 31, 2015 (2014: cash used of $533.2 million).
financing cash outflows during the year ended december 31, 2015 included the purchase of shares through market transactions totaling $548.8 million (2014: $269.6 million) $454.5 million of dividend payments for the dividends declared in january, april, july and november 2015 (2014: dividends paid of $424.0 million), and payment of $11.3 million of contingent consideration related to the deutsche bank management contract purchase (2014: zero).
other financing cash inflows in 2015 include cash proceeds of $495.5 million received upon the completion of the issuance of senior notes with aggregate principal amounts of $500 million at 3.75% due january 15, 2026, net cash of $5.3 million invested into csip by third-party investors (2014: $161.1 million), cash received from the exercise of options of $3.7 million (2014: $11.0 million) and excess tax benefits from share-based compensation of $21.2 million (2014: $24.0 million).
financing cash inflows during 2013 included cash proceeds of $981.5 million received upon the completion of the issuance of senior notes with aggregate principal amounts of $600.0 million at 4.000% due january 30, 2024 and $400.0 million at 5.375% due november 30, 2043. the proceeds were used, in part, to repay the outstanding balance of $586.5 million on the credit facility.
dividends invesco declares and pays dividends on a quarterly basis in arrears. the 2015 quarterly dividend was $0.27 per invesco ltd. common share. on january 28, 2016, the company declared a fourth quarter 2015 cash dividend, which will be paid on march 4, 2016, to shareholders of record as of february 18, 2016 with an ex-dividend date of february 16, 2016. the total dividend attributable to the 2015 fiscal year of $1.08 per share represented a 8.0% increase over the total dividend attributable to the 2014 fiscal year of $1.00 per share.
the declaration, payment and amount of any future dividends will be declared by our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our earnings, financial condition and capital requirements at the time such declaration and payment are considered. the board has a policy of managing dividends in a prudent fashion, with due consideration given to profit levels, overall debt levels, and historical dividend payouts.
share repurchase plan in october 2013, the board of directors authorized $1.5 billion for the share repurchase program with no stated expiration date. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company repurchased 15.5 million shares in the market at a cost of $548.8 million (three months ended december 31, 2015: 6.5 million shares at a cost of $214.8 million; year ended december 31, 2014: 7.4 million shares at a cost of $269.6 million). separately, an aggregate of 1.9 million shares were withheld on vesting events during the year ended december 31, 2015 to meet employees' withholding tax obligations (december 31, 2014: 2.1 million). the fair value of these shares withheld at the respective withholding dates was $76.1 million (december 31, 2014: $73.3 million). approximately $678.0 million remained authorized under the company's share repurchase plan at december 31, 2015 (december 31, 2014: $1,226.8 million).
68
long-term debt our long-term debt at december 31, 2015 was $2,072.8 million (december 31, 2014: $1,576.8 million) and was comprised of the following:
$ in millions                                             december 31, 2015          december 31, 2014
floating rate credit facility expiring august 7, 2020          -                          -
unsecured senior notes:
$600 million 3.125% - due november 30, 2022                596.1                      595.4
$600 million 4.000% - due january 30, 2024                 592.7                      591.9
$500 million 3.750% -- due january 15, 2026                494.2                          -
$400 million 5.375% - due november 30, 2043                389.8                      389.5
long-term debt                                           2,072.8                    1,576.8
for the year ended december 31, 2015, the company's weighted average cost of debt was 3.99% (year ended december 31, 2014: 4.01%).
the unsecured $1.25 billion credit agreement is scheduled to expire on august 7, 2020. financial covenants under the credit agreement include: (i) the quarterly maintenance of a debt/ebitda leverage ratio, as defined in the credit agreement, of not greater than 3.25:1.00, (ii) a coverage ratio (ebitda, as defined in the credit agreement/interest payable for the four consecutive fiscal quarters ended before the date of determination) of not less than 4.00:1.00. as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with our financial covenants. at december 31, 2015, our leverage ratio was 1.21:1.00 (december 31, 2014: 0.97:1.00), and our interest coverage ratio was 21.11:1.00 (december 31, 2014: 22.74:1.00).
the december 31, 2015 and 2014 coverage ratio calculations are as follows:
last four quarters ended
$ millions                                                               december 31, 2015                december 31, 2014
net income attributable to invesco ltd.                                      968.1                            988.1
net (income)/loss attributable to invesco ltd. arising from cip               40.4                             (7.8       )
tax expense                                                                  398.0                            388.7
amortization/depreciation/impairment                                          93.6                             89.4
interest expense                                                              81.7                             73.1
share-based compensation expense                                             150.3                            138.0
unrealized (gains)/losses from investments, net*                              (7.5       )                     (7.3       )
ebitda**                                                                   1,724.6                          1,662.2
adjusted debt**                                                           $2,086.6                         $1,615.0
leverage ratio (debt/ebitda - maximum 3.25:1.00)                              1.21                             0.97
interest coverage (ebitda/interest expense - minimum 4.00:1.00)              21.11                            22.74
____________
*   adjustments for unrealized gains and losses from investments, as defined in our credit facility, may also include non-cash gains and losses on investments to the extent that they do not represent anticipated future cash receipts or expenditures.
**   ebitda and adjusted debt are non-gaap financial measures; however management does not use these measures for anything other than these debt covenant calculations. the calculation of ebitda above (a reconciliation from net income attributable to invesco ltd.) is defined by our credit agreement, and therefore net income attributable to invesco ltd. is the most appropriate gaap measure from which to reconcile to ebitda. the calculation of adjusted debt is defined in our credit facility and equals total debt of $2,072.8 million plus $13.8 million in letters of credit.
the discussion that follows identifies risks associated with the company's liquidity and capital resources. the item 1. business -- risk management section contains a broader discussion of the company's overall approach to risk management.
69
credit and liquidity risk capital management involves the management of the company's liquidity and cash flows. the company manages its capital by reviewing annual and projected cash flow forecasts and by monitoring credit, liquidity and market risks, such as interest rate and foreign currency risks (as discussed in item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk"), through measurement and analysis. the company is primarily exposed to credit risk through its cash and cash equivalent deposits, which are held by external firms. the company invests its cash balances in its own institutional money market products, as well as with external high credit-quality financial institutions. these arrangements create exposure to concentrations of credit risk.
credit risk credit risk is the risk that one party to a financial instrument will cause a financial loss for the other party by failing to meet an obligation. the company is subject to credit risk in the following areas of its business:
•   all cash and cash equivalent balances are subject to credit risk, as they represent deposits made by the company with external banks and other institutions. as of december 31, 2015, our maximum exposure to credit risk related to our cash and cash equivalent balances is $1,851.4 million. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 21, "related parties," for information regarding cash and cash equivalents invested in affiliated money market funds.
•   certain subsidiaries of the company accept deposits and place deposits with other institutions on behalf of our customers. as of december 31, 2015, our exposure to credit risk related to these transactions is $1.9 million.
the company does not utilize credit derivatives or similar instruments to mitigate the maximum exposure to credit risk. the company does not expect any counterparties to its financial instruments to fail to meet their obligations.
liquidity risk liquidity risk is the risk that the company will encounter difficulty in meeting obligations associated with its financial liabilities as the same become due. the company is exposed to liquidity risk through its $2,072.8 million in total debt. the company actively manages liquidity risk by preparing cash flow forecasts for future periods, reviewing them regularly with senior management, maintaining a committed credit facility, scheduling significant gaps between major debt maturities and engaging external financing sources in regular dialog.
effects of inflation inflation can impact our organization primarily in two ways. first, inflationary pressures can result in increases in our cost structure, especially to the extent that large expense components such as compensation are impacted. to the degree that these expense increases are not recoverable or cannot be counterbalanced through pricing increases due to the competitive environment, our profitability could be negatively impacted. secondly, the value of the assets that we manage may be negatively impacted when inflationary expectations result in a rising interest rate environment. declines in the values of these aum could lead to reduced revenues as management fees are generally calculated based upon the size of aum.
off balance sheet commitments see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 18, "commitments and contingencies - off balance sheet commitments," for more information regarding undrawn capital commitments.
70
contractual obligations we have various financial obligations that require future cash payments. the following table outlines the timing of payment requirements related to our commitments as of december 31, 2015:
$ in millions                                          total (4,5,6)          within 1 year          1-3 years          3-5 years          more than 5 years long-term debt (1)                                  2,072.8                      -                    -                  -                2,072.8
estimated interest payments on long-term debt (1)   1,129.4                   78.3                166.0              166.0                  719.1
operating leases (2)                                  459.0                   70.5                121.9              112.6                  154.0
purchase obligations (3)                              318.9                  116.8                105.2               51.4                   45.5
total                                               3,980.1                  265.6                393.1              330.0                2,991.4
____________
(1)   long-term debt includes $2,072.8 million of fixed rate debt. fixed interest payments are reflected in the table above in the periods they are due, and include any issuance discounts. the table above includes the company's debt; debt of cip is excluded from the table above, as the company is not obligated for these amounts. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 20, "consolidated investment products," for additional information.
(2)   operating leases reflect obligations for leased building space and other assets. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 13, "operating leases" for sublease information.
(3)   in the ordinary course of business, invesco enters into contracts or purchase obligations with third parties whereby the third parties provide services to or on behalf of invesco. purchase obligations included in the contractual obligations table above represent fixed-price contracts, which are either non-cancelable or cancelable with a penalty. at december 31, 2015, the company's obligations primarily reflect standard service contracts for portfolio, market data, office-related services and third-party marketing and promotional services. in addition, the company is a party to certain variable-price contractual arrangements (e.g. contingent future payments based on aum levels, number of accounts, transaction volume, etc.) for which the company is reimbursed by affiliated funds and as such are not included in the table above. purchase obligations are recorded as liabilities in the company's consolidated financial statements when services are provided. purchase obligations also include contingent consideration liabilities.
(4)   the company has capital commitments into co-invested funds that are to be drawn down over the life of the partnership as investment opportunities are identified. at december 31, 2015, the company's undrawn capital and purchase commitments were $185.6 million. these are not included in the above table. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 18, "commitments and contingencies" for additional details.
(5)   due to the uncertainty with respect to the timing of future cash flows associated with unrecognized tax benefits at december 31, 2015, the company is unable to make reasonably reliable estimates of the period of cash settlement with the respective taxing authorities. therefore, $9.6 million of gross unrecognized tax benefits have been excluded from the contractual obligations table above. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data, note 15 - "taxation" for a discussion regarding income taxes.
(6)   in addition to the contractual obligations in the table above, we periodically make contributions to defined benefit pension and postretirement medical plans. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 we contributed $15.2 million and $15.9 million, respectively, to these plans. in 2016, we expect to contribute $15.5 million to our defined benefit pension plans and none to our postretirement medical plan. see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 12, "retirement benefit plans" for detailed benefit pension and postretirement plan information. the company has various other compensation and benefit obligations, including bonuses, commissions and incentive payments payable, defined contribution plan matching contribution obligations, and deferred compensation arrangements, that are excluded from the table above.
71
critical accounting policies and estimates our significant accounting policies are disclosed in item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 1, "accounting policies." the accounting policies and estimates that we believe are the most critical to an understanding of our results of operations and financial condition are those that require complex management judgment regarding matters that are highly uncertain at the time policies were applied and estimates were made. these accounting policies and estimates are discussed below; however, the additional accounting policy detail in the footnote previously referenced is important to the discussion of each of the topics. different estimates reasonably could have been used in the current period that would have had a material effect on these consolidated financial statements, and changes in these estimates are likely to occur from period-to-period in the future.
taxation we operate in several countries and several states and other taxing jurisdictions through our various subsidiaries, and must allocate our income, expenses, and earnings under the various laws and regulations of each of these taxing jurisdictions. accordingly, our provision for income taxes represents our total estimate of the liability that we have incurred for doing business each year in all of our locations. annually we file tax returns that represent our filing positions within each jurisdiction and settle our return liabilities. each jurisdiction has the right to audit those returns and may take different positions with respect to income and expense allocations and taxable earnings determinations. because the determinations of our annual provisions are subject to judgments and estimates, it is possible that actual results will vary from those recognized in our consolidated financial statements. as a result, it is likely that additions to, or reductions of, income tax expense will occur each year for prior reporting periods as actual tax returns and tax audits are settled.
deferred tax assets, net of any associated valuation allowance, have been recognized based on management's belief that taxable income of the appropriate character, more likely than not, will be sufficient to realize the benefits of these assets over time. in the event that actual results differ from our expectations, or if our historical trends of positive operating income changes, we may be required to record a valuation allowance on some or all of these deferred tax assets, which may have a significant effect on our financial condition and results of operations. in assessing whether a valuation allowance should be established against a deferred income tax asset, the company considers the nature, frequency and severity of recent losses, forecasts of future profitability, the duration of statutory carry back and carry forward periods, among other factors.
the company utilizes a specific recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the consolidated financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. the prescribed two-step process for evaluating a tax position involves first determining whether it is more likely than not that a tax position will be sustained upon examination by the appropriate taxing authorities. if it is, the second step then requires a company to measure this tax position benefit as the largest amount of benefit that is greater than 50 percent likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. the company recognizes any interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits on the consolidated statements of income as components of income tax expense.
see also item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - in note 15, "taxation," for additional discussion of these items.
goodwill our goodwill impairment testing conducted during 2015 and 2014 indicated that the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, indicating that step two of the goodwill impairment test was not necessary; however, the company cannot predict the occurrence of future events that might adversely affect the reported value of goodwill that totaled $6,175.7 million and $6,579.4 million at december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. such events include, but are not limited to, strategic decisions made in response to economic and competitive conditions, the impact of the economic environment on the company's aum, or any other material negative change in aum and related management fees.
the october 1, 2015 annual goodwill impairment test was performed using a consistent methodology to that used for the 2014 annual impairment test. fair value of the reporting unit is generally determined using an income approach where estimated future cash flows are discounted to arrive at a single present value amount. the income approach includes inputs that require significant management judgment, including aum growth rates, product mix, effective fee rates, pre-tax profit margins, effective tax rates and discount rates. the 2015 annual goodwill impairment test includes assumptions updated for current market conditions, including the company's updated forecasts for changes in aum due to market gains and long-term net flows and the corresponding changes in revenue and expenses. market gains are based upon historical returns of the s&p 500 index, treasury bond returns and treasury bill returns, as applicable to the company's aum mix on the testing date. the most sensitive of these assumptions are the estimated cash flows and the use of a weighted average cost of capital as the discount rate to determine present value. the most significant changes in assumptions from 2014 related to an increase in the equity risk premium and weighted average cost of debt, which resulted in a discount rate of 11.6% for the october 1, 2015 analysis (2014: 11.1%). the discount rates used are estimates of the
72
weighted average cost of capital for the investment management sector reflecting the overall industry risks associated with future cash flows and have been calculated consistently across the various tests dates. while the company believes all assumptions utilized in our assessment are reasonable and appropriate, changes in these estimates could produce different fair value amounts and therefore different goodwill impairment assessments.
intangible assets where evidence exists that the underlying arrangements have a high likelihood of continued renewal at little or no cost to the company, the intangible asset is assigned an indefinite life and reviewed for impairment on an annual basis. definite-lived intangible assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amount may not be recoverable (i.e. the carrying amount exceeds the fair value of the intangible). in addition, management judgment is required to estimate the period over which definite-lived intangible assets will contribute to the company's cash flows and the pattern in which these assets will be consumed. a change in the remaining useful life of any of these assets, or the reclassification of an indefinite-lived intangible asset to a definite-lived intangible asset, could have a significant impact on the company's amortization expense from continuing operations, which was $10.6 million, $12.6 million and $15.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested for impairment annually as of october 1 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. the impairment test consists of a comparison of the fair value of an intangible asset with its carrying amount. if the carrying amount of the intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. fair value is generally determined using an income approach where estimated future cash flows are discounted to arrive at a single present value amount. the income approach includes inputs that require significant management judgment, including aum growth rates, product mix, effective fee rates, pre-tax profit margins, effective tax rates and discount rates. the most relevant of these assumptions to the determination of the estimated fair value are the aum growth rate and discount rate, which is a weighted average cost of capital including consideration of company size premiums. changes in these estimates could produce different fair value amounts and therefore different impairment conclusions. in 2015 and 2014, annual impairment reviews of indefinite-lived intangible assets determined that no impairment existed at the respective review dates, the classifications of indefinite-lived and definite-lived remain appropriate, and no changes to the expected lives of the definite-lived intangible assets were required.
investments a significant portion of our investments are carried at fair value on our balance sheet with the periodic mark-to-market recorded either in accumulated other comprehensive income in the case of available-for-sale investments, or directly to earnings, in the case of trading assets. since assumptions are made in determining the fair values of investments for which active markets do not exist, the actual value that may be realized upon the sale or other disposition of these investments could differ from the current carrying values. fair value calculations are also required in association with our quarterly impairment testing of investments. the accuracy of our other-than-temporary impairment assessments is dependent upon the extent to which we are able to accurately determine fair values. seed money investments are held in invesco managed funds with the purpose of providing capital to the funds during their development periods. these investments are recorded at fair value using quoted market prices in active markets; there is no modeling or additional information needed to arrive at the fair values of these investments.
the value of investments may decline for various reasons. the market price may be affected by general market conditions which reflect prospects for the economy as a whole or by specific information pertaining to an industry or individual company. such declines require further investigation by management, which considers all available evidence to evaluate the realizable value of the investment, including, but not limited to, the following factors:
•   the probability that the company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of a debt security not impaired at acquisition;
•   the length of time and the extent to which the market value has been less than cost;
•   the financial condition and near-term prospects of the issuer, including any specific events which may influence the operations of the issuer;
•   the intent and ability of the company to retain its investment in the issuer for a period of time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery in market value;
•   the decline in the security's value due to an increase in market interest rates or a change in foreign exchange rates since acquisition;
•   determination that the security is not realizable; or
•   an adverse change in estimated cash flows of a beneficial interest.
73
our other-than-temporary impairment analysis of available for sale seed money holdings includes a review of the market returns required for each fund portfolio to enable us to recover our original investment. as part of the review, we analyze the absolute amount of any loss to date, the trend of the losses, and percent declines in values of the seed money investments. along with intent and ability to hold, all of these scenarios are considered as part of our other-than-temporary impairment analysis of seed money holdings.
we also assess our equity method and other investments for impairment. if circumstances indicate that impairment may exist, a more detailed impairment analysis is performed which includes assessing many of the factors listed above.
cip assessing if an entity is a variable interest entity (vie) or voting interest entity (voe) involves judgment and analysis on a structure-by-structure basis. factors included in this assessment include the legal organization of the entity, the company's contractual involvement with the entity and any related party or de facto agent implications of the company's involvement with the entity. generally, limited partnership entities where the general partner does not have substantive equity investment at risk and where the other limited partners do not have substantive (greater than 50%) rights to remove the general partner or to dissolve the limited partnership are vies.
determining if the company is the primary beneficiary of a vie also requires significant judgment, as the calculation of expected losses and residual returns (for investment products other than clos) involves estimation and probability assumptions. for clos, there is judgment involved to assess if the company has the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the clos economic results and to assess if the company's interests could be deemed significant. if current financial statements are not available for consolidated vies or voes, estimation of investment valuation is required, which includes assessing available quantitative and qualitative data. significant changes in these estimates could impact the reported value of the investments held by cip and the related offsetting equity attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities on the consolidated balance sheets and the other gains and losses of cip, net, and related offsetting gains and losses attributable to noncontrolling interests in consolidated entities, net, amounts on the consolidated statements of income.
as of december 31, 2015, the company consolidated vies that held investments of $5,373.2 million (december 31, 2014: $5,116.9 million) and voe fund investments of $719.1 million (december 31, 2014: $730.2 million). as circumstances supporting estimates and factors change, the determination of vie and primary beneficiary status may change, as could the determination of the necessity of consolidation of voes. estimation is involved when determining investment and debt valuation for certain cip; however, changes in the fair values of these amounts are largely offset by noncontrolling interests.
contingencies contingencies arise when we have a present obligation as a result of a past event that is both probable and reasonably estimable. we must from time to time make material estimates with respect to legal and other contingencies. the nature of our business requires compliance with various laws and regulations, as well as various contractual obligations, and exposes us to a variety of legal proceedings and matters in the ordinary course of business. while the outcomes of matters such as these are inherently uncertain and difficult to predict, we maintain reserves reflected in accounts payable and accrued expenses, as appropriate, for identified losses that are, in our judgment, probable and reasonably estimable. we expense any related legal fees as they are incurred. management's judgment is based on the advice of legal counsel, ruling on various motions by the applicable court, review of the outcome of similar matters, if applicable, and review of guidance from governmental and other regulatory authorities, if applicable. contingent consideration payable in relation to a business acquisition is recorded as of the acquisition date as part of the fair value transferred in exchange for the acquired business.
recent accounting standards see item 8, financial statements and supplementary data - note 1, "accounting policies - accounting pronouncements recently adopted and pending accounting pronouncements."
74
