item 1a.   risk factors

you should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events described in this section and elsewhere in this report or in any other of our filings with the sec could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  in evaluating us, you should consider carefully, among other things, the risks described below.
risks relating to our substantial indebtedness
·   our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments could adversely affect our operations and financial results and impact our ability to satisfy our obligations. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $12.8 billion principal amount of indebtedness outstanding, including $2.7 billion of borrowings outstanding under our senior secured credit facility and $1.2 billion of available borrowing capacity. any increase in the interest rates applicable to our existing or future borrowings would increase the cost of our indebtedness and reduce the cash flow available to fund our other liquidity needs. in addition, as of december 31, 2015, mgm china had approximately $1.6 billion of debt outstanding under its credit facility. furthermore, in january 2016, our subsidiary mgm national harbor, llc entered into a $525 million senior secured credit facility consisting of a $425 million delayed draw term loan, of which $250 million was funded at closing, and a $100 million revolver. we do not guarantee mgm china's or mgm national harbor, llc's obligations under their respective credit agreements and, to the extent mgm macau or mgm national harbor, llc were to cease to produce cash flow sufficient to service their indebtedness, our ability to make additional investments into such entities is limited by the covenants in our existing senior secured credit facility.

in addition, our substantial indebtedness and significant financial commitments could have important negative consequences on us, including:
·   increasing our exposure to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

·   limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business and industry;

·   limiting our ability to borrow additional funds;

·   making it more difficult for us to make payments on our indebtedness; or

·   placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less-leveraged competitors.

moreover, our businesses are capital intensive.  for our owned and managed resorts to remain attractive and competitive, we must periodically invest significant capital to keep the properties well-maintained, modernized and refurbished.  such investment requires an ongoing supply of cash and, to the extent that we cannot fund expenditures from cash generated by operations, funds must be borrowed or otherwise obtained.  similarly, development projects, including the t-mobile arena project and our development projects in massachusetts and maryland, and acquisitions could require significant capital commitments, the incurrence of additional debt, guarantees of third-party debt, or the incurrence of contingent liabilities, any or all of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
·   current and future economic and credit market conditions could adversely affect our ability to service or refinance our indebtedness and to make planned expenditures. our ability to make payments on, and to refinance, our indebtedness and to fund planned or committed capital expenditures and investments depends on our ability to generate cash flow in the future, receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries, including mgm china, borrow under our senior secured credit facility or incur new indebtedness. if regional and national economic conditions deteriorate we could experience decreased revenues from our operations attributable to decreases in consumer spending levels and could fail to generate sufficient cash to fund our liquidity needs or fail to satisfy the financial and other restrictive covenants in our debt instruments. we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, continue to receive distributions from our unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries, including mgm china, that future borrowings will be available to us under our senior secured credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable us to pay our indebtedness or to fund our other liquidity needs or that we will be able to access the capital markets in the future to borrow additional indebtedness on terms that are favorable to us.

we have a significant amount of indebtedness maturing in 2016, and thereafter.  our ability to timely refinance and replace our indebtedness in the future will depend upon the economic and credit market conditions discussed above.  if we are unable to refinance our indebtedness on a timely basis, we might be forced to seek alternate forms of financing, dispose of certain assets or minimize capital expenditures and other investments.  there is no assurance that any of these alternatives would be available to us, if at all, on satisfactory terms, on terms that would not be disadvantageous to us, or on terms that would not require us to breach the terms and conditions of our existing or future debt agreements.
12
·   the agreements governing our senior secured credit facility and other senior indebtedness contain restrictions and limitations that could significantly affect our ability to operate our business, as well as significantly affect our liquidity, and therefore could adversely affect our results of operations. covenants governing our senior secured credit facility and certain of our debt securities restrict, among other things, our ability to:

·   pay dividends or distributions, repurchase or issue equity, prepay certain debt or make certain investments;

·   incur additional debt;

·   incur liens on assets;

·   sell assets or consolidate with another company or sell all or substantially all of our assets;

·   enter into transactions with affiliates;

·   allow certain subsidiaries to transfer assets; and

·   enter into sale and lease-back transactions.

our ability to comply with these provisions may be affected by events beyond our control.  the breach of any such covenants or obligations not otherwise waived or cured could result in a default under the applicable debt obligations and could trigger acceleration of those obligations, which in turn could trigger cross-defaults under other agreements governing our long-term indebtedness.  any default under our senior secured credit facility or the indentures governing our other debt could adversely affect our growth, our financial condition, our results of operations and our ability to make payments on our debt.
in addition, mgm grand paradise and mgm china are co-borrowers under an amended and restated credit facility and mgm national harbor, llc is the borrower under a senior secured credit facility, each of which contains covenants that restrict their ability to engage in certain transactions.  in particular, the mgm china credit facility and the mgm national harbor, llc senior secured credit facility require mgm china and mgm national harbor, llc, as applicable, to satisfy various financial covenants, including a maximum consolidated total leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio. these agreements also impose certain operating and financial restrictions on mgm china and mgm national harbor, llc, and each of their subsidiaries (including, with respect to mgm china, mgm grand paradise), including, among other things, limitations on their ability to pay dividends or distributions to us, incur additional debt, make investments or engage in other businesses, merge or consolidate with other companies, or transfer or sell assets.
risks related to our business
·   there are risks associated with our proposed reit transaction. on october 29, 2015, we announced the formation of mgp and our intention that it elect to be taxed as a reit for u.s. federal income tax purposes following the proposed contribution of certain of our properties and related debt and equity financing transactions, including the ipo of mgp shares as reflected in a draft confidential registration statement filed with the sec. following the completion of the ipo and the filing of its election to be taxed as a reit, mgp would be a publicly traded, controlled reit primarily engaged in owning, acquiring and leasing large-scale casino resort properties, which include casino gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment, retail and mixed-use facilities, and other resort amenities.

the completion of the proposed reit transaction and ipo is subject to numerous conditions and the finalization of terms relating to the transactions, which are subject to a number of variables, including changes in market conditions, and may not occur on favorable terms or at all. we have not yet determined the number of shares that will be sold in the proposed ipo or the valuation of such shares. therefore, the amount of cash we expect to raise in connection with the proposed ipo and related transactions, and the degree to which we are able to reduce our indebtedness, is uncertain.
in connection with the proposed reit transaction and ipo:
·   our stock price could fluctuate significantly in response to developments relating to the proposed reit transaction and ipo or other action or market speculation regarding the proposed reit transaction and ipo;

·   we will incur substantial increases in general and administrative expense associated with the need to retain and compensate third-party consultants and advisors (including legal counsel);

·   although we have no plan or intention of disposing of our interest in mgp and the operating partnership following the proposed transactions, to the extent that future dispositions result in our owning less than a controlling interest in mgp, mgp's financial results may no longer be consolidated with our financial results, which may materially and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations; and

·   we may not complete the proposed reit transaction and ipo, in which event we will have incurred significant expenses that we will be unable to recover, and for which we will not receive any benefit. if the

13
proposed ipo is completed, mgp would be a new publicly traded company. we cannot make any assurances that the proposed ipo, if completed, will increase our market value. in addition, the ipo and related transactions are subject to customary approvals and other risks, many of which are outside our control, including changes in legislation and tax rules.

·   we face significant competition with respect to destination travel locations generally and with respect to our peers in the industries in which we compete, and failure to compete effectively could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. the hotel, resort and casino industries are highly competitive. we do not believe that our competition is limited to a particular geographic area, and hotel, resort and gaming operations in other states or countries could attract our customers. to the extent that new casinos enter our markets or hotel room capacity is expanded by others in major destination locations, competition will increase. major competitors, including potential new entrants, may also expand their hotel room capacity, expand their range of amenities, improve their level of service, or construct new resorts in las vegas and macau, all of which could attract our customers. also, the growth of gaming in areas outside las vegas, including california, has increased the competition faced by our operations in las vegas and elsewhere.

in addition, competition could increase if changes in gaming restrictions in the united states and elsewhere result in the addition of new gaming establishments located closer to our customers than our casinos, such as has happened in california.  for example, while our macau operations compete to some extent with casinos located elsewhere in or near asia (including singapore, australia, new zealand, cruise ships in asia that offer gaming, and unlicensed gaming operations), certain countries in the region have legalized casino gaming (including malaysia, vietnam, cambodia, the philippines and russia) and others (such as japan, taiwan and thailand) may legalize casino gaming (or online gaming) in the future.  furthermore, currently mgm grand paradise holds one of only six gaming concessions authorized by the macau government to operate casinos in macau.  if the macau government were to allow additional competitors to operate in macau through the grant of additional concessions or if current concessionaires and subconcessionaires open additional facilities (for example, the facilities currently being developed in cotai, macau are expected to increase total hotel room inventory by 30% and significantly increase other gaming and non-gaming offerings in macau), we would face increased competition.
most jurisdictions where casino gaming is currently permitted place numerical and/or geographical limitations on the issuance of new gaming licenses.  although a number of jurisdictions in the united states and foreign countries are considering legalizing or expanding casino gaming, in some cases new gaming operations may be restricted to specific locations and we expect that there will be intense competition for any attractive new opportunities (which may include acquisitions of existing properties) that do arise.  furthermore, certain jurisdictions, including nevada and new jersey, have also legalized forms of online gaming and other jurisdictions have legalized video gaming terminals.  the expansion of online gaming and other types of gaming in these and other jurisdictions may further compete with our operations by reducing customer visitation and spend in our casino resorts.
in addition to competition with other hotels, resorts and casinos, we compete with destination travel locations outside of the markets in which we operate.  our failure to compete successfully in our various markets and to continue to attract customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
·   our businesses are subject to extensive regulation and the cost of compliance or failure to comply with such regulations may adversely affect our business and results of operations. our ownership and operation of gaming facilities is subject to extensive regulation by the countries, states and provinces in which we operate. these laws, regulations and ordinances vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, but generally concern the responsibility, financial stability and character of the owners and managers of gaming operations as well as persons financially interested or involved in gaming operations. as such, our gaming regulators can require us to disassociate ourselves from suppliers or business partners found unsuitable by the regulators or, alternatively, cease operations in that jurisdiction. in addition, unsuitable activity on our part or on the part of our domestic or foreign unconsolidated affiliates or subsidiaries in any jurisdiction could have a negative effect on our ability to continue operating in other jurisdictions. the regulatory environment in any particular jurisdiction may change in the future and any such change could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. in addition, we are subject to various gaming taxes, which are subject to possible increase at any time by various federal, state, local and foreign legislatures and officials. increases in gaming taxation could also adversely affect our results. for a summary of gaming and other regulations that affect our business, see "regulation and licensing" and exhibit 99.2 to this annual report on form 10-k.

further, our directors, officers, key employees and investors in our properties must meet approval standards of certain state and foreign regulatory authorities.  if state regulatory authorities were to find such a person or investor unsuitable, we
14
would be required to sever our relationship with that person or the investor may be required to dispose of his, her or its interest in the property.  state regulatory agencies may conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our directors, officers, key employees or investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards.  certain public and private issuances of securities and other transactions also require the approval of certain regulatory authorities.
in macau, current laws and regulations concerning gaming and gaming concessions are, for the most part, fairly recent and there is little precedent on the interpretation of these laws and regulations.  these laws and regulations are complex, and a court or administrative or regulatory body may in the future render an interpretation of these laws and regulations, or issue new or modified regulations, that differ from mgm china's interpretation, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.  in addition, mgm china's activities in macau are subject to administrative review and approval by various government agencies.  we cannot assure you that mgm china will be able to obtain all necessary approvals, and any such failure to do so may materially affect its long-term business strategy and operations.  macau laws permit redress to the courts with respect to administrative actions; however, to date such redress is largely untested in relation to gaming issues.
in addition to gaming regulations, we are also subject to various federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations affecting businesses in general.  these laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, restrictions and conditions concerning alcoholic beverages, environmental matters, smoking, employees, currency transactions, taxation, zoning and building codes, and marketing and advertising.  for instance, we are subject to certain federal, state and local environmental laws, regulations and ordinances, including the clean air act, the clean water act, the resource conservation recovery act, the comprehensive environmental response, compensation and liability act and the oil pollution act of 1990.  under various federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations, an owner or operator of real property may be held liable for the costs of removal or remediation of certain hazardous or toxic substances or wastes located on its property, regardless of whether or not the present owner or operator knows of, or is responsible for, the presence of such substances or wastes.  such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted.  for example, illinois has enacted a ban on smoking in nearly all public places, including bars, restaurants, work places, schools and casinos. similarly, in october 2014, casinos in macau, including mgm china, implemented a smoking ban which prohibits smoking on all mass market gaming floors and, in 2015, the macau health bureau announced that they will promote the submission of a bill proposing a full smoking ban in casinos, including in vip rooms. the likelihood or outcome of similar legislation in other jurisdictions and referendums in the future cannot be predicted, though any smoking ban would be expected to negatively impact our financial performance.
we also deal with significant amounts of cash in our operations and are subject to recordkeeping and reporting obligations as required by various anti-money laundering laws and regulations. for instance, we are subject to regulation under the currency and foreign transactions reporting act of 1970, commonly known as the "bank secrecy act", which, among other things, requires us to report to the internal revenue service ("irs") any currency transactions in excess of $10,000 that occur within a 24-hour gaming day, including identification of the individual(s) involved in the currency transaction. we are also required to report certain suspicious activity where we know, suspect or have reason to suspect transactions, among other things, involve funds from illegal activity or are intended to evade federal regulations or avoid reporting requirements or have no business or lawful purpose. in addition, under the bank secrecy act we are subject to various other rules and regulations involving reporting, recordkeeping and retention. our compliance with the bank secrecy act is subject to periodic examinations by the irs. any such laws and regulations could change or could be interpreted differently in the future, or new laws and regulations could be enacted. any violations of the anti-money laundering laws, including the bank secrecy act, or regulations by any of our properties could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
·   our business is affected by economic and market conditions in the markets in which we operate and in the locations in which our customers reside. our business is particularly sensitive to reductions in discretionary consumer spending and corporate spending on conventions, trade shows and business development. economic contraction, economic uncertainty or the perception by our customers of weak or weakening economic conditions may cause a decline in demand for hotels, casino resorts, trade shows and conventions, and for the type of luxury amenities we offer. in addition, changes in discretionary consumer spending or consumer preferences could be driven by factors such as the increased cost of travel, an unstable job market, perceived or actual disposable consumer income and wealth, outbreaks of contagious diseases or fears of war and future acts of terrorism. consumer preferences also evolve over time due to a variety of factors, including as a result of demographic changes, which, for instance, has resulted in recent growth in consumer demand for non-gaming offerings. our success depends in part on our ability to anticipate the preferences of consumers and react to these trends and any failure to do so may negatively impact our results of operations. aria, bellagio and mgm grand las vegas in particular may be affected by economic conditions in the far east, and all of our nevada resorts are affected by economic conditions in the united states, and california in particular. a recession, economic slowdown or any other significant

15
economic condition affecting consumers or corporations generally is likely to cause a reduction in visitation to our resorts, which would adversely affect our operating results. for example, the prior recession and downturn in consumer and corporate spending had a negative impact on our results of operations.

in addition, since we expect a significant number of customers to come to mgm macau from mainland china, general economic and market conditions in china could impact our financial prospects.  any slowdown in economic growth or changes to china's current restrictions on travel and currency movements, including market impacts resulting from china's recent anti-corruption campaign and related tightening of liquidity provided by non-bank lending entities and cross-border currency monitoring (including increased restrictions on union pay withdrawals), could disrupt the number of visitors from mainland china to mgm macau and/or the amounts they are willing to spend in the casino.  for example, from 2008 through 2010, china readjusted its visa policy toward macau and limited the number of visits that some mainland chinese citizens may make to macau in a given time period.  in addition, effective october 2013, china banned "zero‐fare" tour groups involving no or low up-front payments and compulsory shopping, which were popular among visitors to macau from mainland china and in december 2014 the chinese government tightened the enforcement of visa transit rules for those seeking to enter macau at the gongbei border (including requirements to present an airplane ticket to a destination country, a visa issued by such destination country and a valid chinese passport). it is unclear whether these and other measures will continue to be in effect, become more restrictive, or be readopted in the future.  these developments have had, and any future policy developments that may be implemented may have, the effect of reducing the number of visitors to macau from mainland china, which could adversely impact tourism and the gaming industry in macau.
furthermore, our operations in macau may be impacted by competition for limited labor resources.  our success in macau will be impacted by our ability to retain and hire employees.  we compete with a large number of casino resorts for a limited number of employees and we anticipate that such competition will grow in light of new developments in macau.  while we seek employees from other countries to adequately staff our resort, certain macau government policies limit our ability to import labor in certain job classifications (for instance, the macau government requires that we only hire macau residents as dealers in our casinos).  in addition, limitations on the number of gaming tables permitted by the macau government could impact our current expectation on the number of table games we will be able to utilize at our cotai project.  such limitations or reduction in table game availability may impact mgm china's results of operations. finally, because additional casino projects are under construction and are to be developed in the future, existing transportation infrastructure may need to be expanded to accommodate increased visitation to macau.  if transportation facilities to and from macau are inadequate to meet the demands of an increased volume of gaming customers visiting macau, the desirability of macau as a gaming destination, as well as the results of operations at our development in cotai, macau, could be negatively impacted.
·   we may not realize all of the anticipated benefits of our profit growth plan. we have undertaken an initiative for sustained growth and margin enhancement, focused on improving our business processes to optimize scale for greater efficiency and lower costs throughout our business. while we believe these initiatives will result in approximately $300 million of annual adjusted ebitda benefit by 2017, our optimization efforts may fail to achieve expected results. our profit growth plan is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that may change at any time, and, therefore, our actual adjusted ebitda benefit may differ materially from what we anticipate.

·   we have agreed not to have any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in china, macau, hong kong and taiwan, other than through mgm china. in connection with the initial public offering of mgm china, the holding company that indirectly owns and operates mgm macau, we entered into a deed of non-compete undertakings with mgm china and ms. ho, pansy catilina chiu king ("ms. pansy ho") pursuant to which we are restricted from having any interest or involvement in gaming businesses in the people's republic of china, macau, hong kong and taiwan, other than through mgm china. while gaming is currently prohibited in china, hong kong and taiwan, if it is legalized in the future our ability to compete in these locations could be limited until the earliest of (i) march 31, 2020, (ii) the date mgm china's ordinary shares cease to be listed on the stock exchange of hong kong limited or (iii) the date when our ownership of mgm china shares is less than 20% of the then issued share capital of mgm china.

16
·   the macau government can terminate mgm grand paradise's subconcession under certain circumstances without compensating mgm grand paradise, the macau government can exercise its redemption right with respect to the subconcession in 2017 or the macau government can refuse to grant mgm grand paradise an extension of the subconcession in 2020, any of which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. the macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate the subconcession in the event of fundamental non-compliance by mgm grand paradise with applicable macau laws or mgm grand paradise's basic obligations under the subconcession contract. mgm grand paradise has the opportunity to remedy any such non-compliance with its fundamental obligations under the subconcession contract within a period to be stipulated by the macau government. upon such termination, all of mgm grand paradise's casino area premises and gaming-related equipment would be transferred automatically to the macau government without compensation to mgm grand paradise, and we would cease to generate any revenues from these operations. we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will perform all of its obligations under the subconcession contract in a way that satisfies the requirements of the macau government.

furthermore, under the subconcession contract, mgm grand paradise is obligated to comply with any laws and regulations that the macau government might promulgate in the future.  we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will be able to comply with these laws and regulations or that these laws and regulations would not adversely affect our ability to construct or operate our macau businesses.  if any disagreement arises between mgm grand paradise and the macau government regarding the interpretation of, or mgm grand paradise's compliance with, a provision of the subconcession contract, mgm grand paradise will be relying on a consultation and negotiation process with the macau government.  during any consultation or negotiation, mgm grand paradise will be obligated to comply with the terms of the subconcession contract as interpreted by the macau government.  currently, there is no precedent concerning how the macau government will treat the termination of a concession or subconcession upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances mentioned above.  the loss of the subconcession would require us to cease conducting gaming operations in macau, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
in addition, the subconcession contract expires on march 31, 2020.  unless the subconcession is extended, or legislation with regard to reversion of casino premises is amended, all of mgm grand paradise's casino premises and gaming-related equipment will automatically be transferred to the macau government on that date without compensation to us, and we will cease to generate any revenues from such gaming operations.  beginning on april 20, 2017, the macau government may redeem the subconcession contract by providing us at least one year's prior notice.  in the event the macau government exercises this redemption right, mgm grand paradise is entitled to fair compensation or indemnity.  the amount of such compensation or indemnity will be determined based on the amount of gaming and non-gaming revenue generated by mgm grand paradise, excluding the convention and exhibition facilities, during the taxable year prior to the redemption, before deducting interest, depreciation and amortization, multiplied by the number of remaining years before expiration of the subconcession.  we cannot assure you that mgm grand paradise will be able to renew or extend the subconcession contract on terms favorable to mgm grand paradise or at all.  we also cannot assure you that if the subconcession is redeemed, the compensation paid to mgm grand paradise will be adequate to compensate for the loss of future revenues.
·   we are required to build and open our development in cotai, macau by january 2018. if we are unable to meet this deadline, and the deadline for the development is not extended, we may lose the land concession, which would prohibit us from operating any facilities developed under such land concession. the land concession for the approximately 18 acre site on cotai, macau was officially gazetted on january 9, 2013. if we are unable to build and open our proposed resort and casino by january 2018, and the deadline is not extended, the macau government has the right to unilaterally terminate the land concession contract. a loss of the land concession could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

·   mgm grand paradise is dependent upon gaming promoters for a significant portion of gaming revenues in macau. gaming promoters, who promote gaming and draw high-end customers to casinos, are responsible for a significant portion of mgm grand paradise's gaming revenues in macau. with the rise in gaming in macau and the recent reduction in the number of licensed gaming promoters in macau and in the number of vip rooms operated by licensed gaming promoters, the competition for relationships with gaming promoters has increased. while mgm grand paradise is undertaking initiatives to strengthen relationships with gaming promoters, there can be no assurance that it will be able to maintain, or grow, relationships with gaming promoters. in addition, continued reductions in, and new regulations governing, the gaming promoter segment may result in the closure of additional vip rooms in macau, including vip rooms at mgm macau. if mgm grand paradise is unable to maintain or grow relationships with gaming promoters, or if gaming promoters are unable to develop or maintain relationships with our high-end customers (or if, as a result of recent market conditions in macau, gaming promoters encounter difficulties attracting patrons to come to macau), mgm grand paradise's ability to grow gaming revenues will be hampered. furthermore, if existing vip rooms at mgm macau are closed there can be no

17
assurance that mgm grand paradise will be able to locate acceptable gaming promoters to run such vip rooms in the future in a timely manner, or at all.

in addition, the quality of gaming promoters is important to mgm grand paradise's and our reputation and ability to continue to operate in compliance with gaming licenses.  while mgm grand paradise strives for excellence in associations with gaming promoters, we cannot assure you that the gaming promoters with whom mgm grand paradise is or becomes associated will meet the high standards insisted upon.  if a gaming promoter falls below mgm grand paradise's standards, mgm grand paradise or we may suffer reputational harm or possibly sanctions from gaming regulators with authority over our operations.
we also grant credit lines to certain gaming promoters and any adverse change in the financial performance of those gaming promoters may impact the recoverability of these loans.
·   the future recognition of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is uncertain, and the amount of valuation allowance we may apply against such deferred tax asset may change materially in future periods based on changes to the underlying forecasts of future profitability of and distributions from mgm china, changes in our assumption concerning renewals of the five-year exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on gaming profits and changes in assumptions concerning future u.s. operating profits. we currently have significant foreign tax credit deferred tax assets resulting from tax credit carryforwards that are available to reduce potential taxable foreign-sourced income in future periods. we evaluate our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset for recoverability and record a valuation allowance to the extent that we determine it is not more likely than not such asset will be recovered. this evaluation is based on available evidence, including assumptions about future profitability of and distributions from mgm china, as well as our assumption concerning renewals of the five-year exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on gaming profits. as a result, significant judgment is required in assessing the possible need for a deferred tax asset valuation allowance and changes to our assumptions may have a material impact on the amount of the valuation allowance. for example, should we in a future period actually receive or be able to assume an additional five-year exemption, an additional valuation allowance would likely need to be provided on some portion or all of the foreign tax credit deferred tax asset, resulting in an increase in the provision for income taxes in such period and such increase may be material. in addition, a change to our forecasts of future profitability of and distributions from mgm china could also result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in such period.

finally, while we do not currently rely on future u.s. source operating income in assessing future foreign tax credit realization due to our recent history of cumulative losses in the u.s., if the recent improvement in u.s. operating results continues, we could in a future period begin to rely on future u.s. source operating income for such purpose which could result in a reduction in the valuation allowance and a corresponding reduction in the provision for income taxes in such period.

·   extreme weather conditions or climate change may cause property damage or interrupt business, which could harm our business and results of operations. certain of our casino properties are located in areas that may be subject to extreme weather conditions, including, but not limited to, hurricanes in the united states and severe typhoons in macau. such extreme weather conditions may interrupt our operations, damage our properties, and reduce the number of customers who visit our facilities in such areas. in addition, our operations could be adversely impacted by a drought or other cause of water shortage. a severe drought of extensive duration experienced in las vegas or in the other regions in which we operate could adversely affect our business and results of operations. although we maintain both property and business interruption insurance coverage for certain extreme weather conditions, such coverage is subject to deductibles and limits on maximum benefits, including limitation on the coverage period for business interruption, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to fully insure such losses or fully collect, if at all, on claims resulting from such extreme weather conditions. furthermore, such extreme weather conditions may interrupt or impede access to our affected properties and may cause visits to our affected properties to decrease for an indefinite period, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

·   because a majority of our major gaming resorts are concentrated on the las vegas strip, we are subject to greater risks than a gaming company that is more geographically diversified. given that a majority of our major resorts are concentrated on the las vegas strip, our business may be significantly affected by risks common to the las vegas tourism industry. for example, the cost and availability of air services and the impact of any events that disrupt air travel to and from las vegas can adversely affect our business. we cannot control the number or frequency of flights to or from las vegas, but we rely on air traffic for a significant portion of our visitors. reductions in flights by major airlines as a result of higher fuel prices or lower demand can impact the number of visitors to our resorts. additionally, there is one principal interstate highway

18
between las vegas and southern california, where a large number of our customers reside. capacity constraints of that highway or any other traffic disruptions may also affect the number of customers who visit our facilities.

·   we extend credit to a large portion of our customers and we may not be able to collect gaming receivables. we conduct a portion of our gaming activities on a credit basis through the issuance of markers which are unsecured instruments. table games players typically are issued more markers than slot players, and high-end players typically are issued more markers than patrons who tend to wager lower amounts. high-end gaming is more volatile than other forms of gaming, and variances in win-loss results attributable to high-end gaming may have a significant positive or negative impact on cash flow and earnings in a particular quarter. furthermore, the loss or a reduction in the play of the most significant of these high-end customers could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cashflows. we issue markers to those customers whose level of play and financial resources warrant, in the opinion of management, an extension of credit. in addition, mgm grand paradise extends credit to certain gaming promoters and those promoters can extend credit to their customers. uncollectible receivables from high-end customers and gaming promoters could have a significant impact on our results of operations.

while gaming debts evidenced by markers and judgments on gaming debts are enforceable under the current laws of nevada, and nevada judgments on gaming debts are enforceable in all states under the full faith and credit clause of the u.s. constitution, other jurisdictions may determine that enforcement of gaming debts is against public policy.  although courts of some foreign nations will enforce gaming debts directly and the assets in the u.s. of foreign debtors may be reached to satisfy a judgment, judgments on gaming debts from united states courts are not binding on the courts of many foreign nations.
furthermore, we expect that mgm macau will be able to enforce its gaming debts only in a limited number of jurisdictions, including macau.  to the extent mgm macau gaming customers and gaming promoters are from other jurisdictions, mgm macau may not have access to a forum in which it will be able to collect all of its gaming receivables because, among other reasons, courts of many jurisdictions do not enforce gaming debts and mgm macau may encounter forums that will refuse to enforce such debts.  moreover, under applicable law, mgm macau remains obligated to pay taxes on uncollectible winnings from customers.
even where gaming debts are enforceable, they may not be collectible.  our inability to collect gaming debts could have a significant negative impact on our operating results.
·   we may incur impairments to goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, or long-lived assets which could negatively affect our future profits. we review our goodwill, intangible assets and long-lived assets on an annual basis and during interim reporting periods in accordance with the authoritative guidance. significant negative trends, reduced estimates of future cash flows, disruptions to our business, slower growth rates or lack of growth have resulted in write-downs and impairment charges in the past and, if one or more of such events occurs in the future, additional impairment charges or write-downs may be required in future periods. for instance, in 2015, we recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $1.5 billion to reduce the historical carrying value of goodwill related to the mgm china reporting unit. if we are required to record additional impairment charges or write-downs, this could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations.

·   leisure and business travel, especially travel by air, are particularly susceptible to global geopolitical events, such as terrorist attacks or acts of war or hostility. we are dependent on the willingness of our customers to travel by air. since most of our customers travel by air to our las vegas and macau properties, any terrorist act, outbreak of hostilities, escalation of war, or any actual or perceived threat to the security of travel by air could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. furthermore, although we have been able to purchase some insurance coverage for certain types of terrorist acts, insurance coverage against loss or business interruption resulting from war and some forms of terrorism continues to be unavailable.

·   co-investing in our properties, including our investment in citycenter, decreases our ability to manage risk. in addition to acquiring or developing hotels and resorts or acquiring companies that complement our business directly, we have from time to time invested, and expect to continue to invest, as a co-investor. co-investors often have shared control over the operation of the property. therefore, the operation of such properties is subject to inherent risk due to the shared nature of the enterprise and the need to reach agreements on material matters. in addition, investments with other investors may involve risks such as the possibility that the co-investor might become bankrupt or not have the financial resources to meet its obligations, or have economic or business interests or goals that are inconsistent with our business interests or goals, or be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions or requests or contrary to our policies or objectives. consequently, actions by a co-investor might subject hotels and resorts owned by such entities to additional risk. further,

19
we may be unable to take action without the approval of our co-investors. alternatively, our co-investors could take actions binding on the property without our consent. additionally, should a co-investor become bankrupt, we could become liable for its share of liabilities.

for instance, citycenter, which is 50% owned and managed by us, has a significant amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect its business and its ability to meet its obligations.  if citycenter is unable to meet its financial commitments and we and our co-investor are unable to support future funding requirements, as necessary, such event could have adverse financial consequences to us.  in addition, the agreements governing citycenter's indebtedness subject citycenter and its subsidiaries to significant financial and other restrictive covenants, including restrictions on its ability to incur additional indebtedness, place liens upon assets, make distributions to us, make certain investments, consummate certain asset sales, enter into transactions with affiliates (including us) and merge or consolidate with any other person or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets.  the citycenter third amended and restated credit facility also includes certain financial covenants that require citycenter to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio (as defined in citycenter's third amended and restated credit facility) for each quarter.  we cannot be sure that citycenter will be able to meet this test in the future or that the lenders will waive any failure to meet the test.
·   any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to significant development and construction risks, which could have a material adverse impact on related project timetables, costs and our ability to complete the projects.

any of our future construction, development or expansion projects will be subject to a number of risks, including:
·   lack of sufficient, or delays in the availability of, financing;

·   changes to plans and specifications;

·   engineering problems, including defective plans and specifications;

·   shortages of, and price increases in, energy, materials and skilled and unskilled labor, and inflation in key supply markets;

·   delays in obtaining or inability to obtain necessary permits, licenses and approvals;

·   changes in laws and regulations, or in the interpretation and enforcement of laws and regulations, applicable to gaming, leisure, residential, real estate development or construction projects;

·   labor disputes or work stoppages;

·   disputes with and defaults by contractors and subcontractors;

·   personal injuries to workers and other persons;

·   environmental, health and safety issues, including site accidents and the spread of viruses;

·   weather interferences or delays;

·   fires, typhoons and other natural disasters;

·   geological, construction, excavation, regulatory and equipment problems; and

·   other unanticipated circumstances or cost increases.

the occurrence of any of these development and construction risks could increase the total costs, delay or prevent the construction, development, expansion or opening or otherwise affect the design and features of any future projects which we might undertake.  for instance, we currently expect the total development costs of our cotai project to be approximately $3.0 billion, excluding development fees eliminated in consolidation, capitalized interest and land-related costs.  we currently expect total development costs of our maryland project to be approximately $1.3 billion, total development costs of our massachusetts project to be approximately $865 million and total development costs of our t-mobile arena project to be approximately $350 million, each excluding capitalized interest and land related costs.  while we believe that the overall budgets for these developments are reasonable, these development costs are estimates and the actual development costs may be higher than expected.  we cannot guarantee that our construction costs or total project costs for future projects, including our developments in cotai, maryland and massachusetts, will not increase beyond amounts initially budgeted or that the expected design and features of current or future projects will not change. in addition, the regulatory approvals associated with our development projects may require us to open future casino resorts by a certain specified time and to the extent we are unable to meet those deadlines, and any such deadlines are not extended, we may lose our regulatory approval to open a casino resort in a proposed jurisdiction or incur payment penalties in connection with any delays which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
·   our insurance coverage may not be adequate to cover all possible losses that our properties could suffer. in addition, our insurance costs may increase and we may not be able to obtain similar insurance coverage in the future. although we have "all risk" property insurance coverage for our operating properties, which covers damage caused by a casualty loss (such as fire, natural disasters, acts of war, or terrorism), each policy has certain exclusions. in addition, our property insurance

20
coverage is in an amount that may be significantly less than the expected replacement cost of rebuilding the facilities if there was a total loss. our level of insurance coverage also may not be adequate to cover all losses in the event of a major casualty. in addition, certain casualty events, such as labor strikes; nuclear events; acts of war; loss of income due to cancellation of room reservations or conventions due to fear of terrorism; loss of electrical power due to catastrophic events, rolling blackouts or otherwise; deterioration or corrosion; insect or animal damage; and pollution, may not be covered at all under our policies. therefore, certain acts could expose us to substantial uninsured losses.

in addition to the damage caused to our properties by a casualty loss, we may suffer business disruption as a result of these events or be subject to claims by third parties that may be injured or harmed.  while we carry business interruption insurance and general liability insurance, this insurance may not be adequate to cover all losses in any such event.
we renew our insurance policies (other than our builder's risk insurance) on an annual basis.  the cost of coverage may become so high that we may need to further reduce our policy limits, further increase our deductibles, or agree to certain exclusions from our coverage.
·   any failure to protect our trademarks could have a negative impact on the value of our brand names and adversely affect our business. the development of intellectual property is part of our overall business strategy, and we regard our intellectual property to be an important element of our success. while our business as a whole is not substantially dependent on any one trademark or combination of several of our trademarks or other intellectual property, we seek to establish and maintain our proprietary rights in our business operations through the use of trademarks. we file applications for, and obtain trademarks in, the united states and in foreign countries where we believe filing for such protection is appropriate. despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, parties may infringe our trademarks and our rights may be invalidated or unenforceable. the laws of some foreign countries do not protect proprietary rights to as great an extent as the laws of the united states. monitoring the unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult. litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of resource. we cannot assure you that all of the steps we have taken to protect our trademarks in the united states and foreign countries will be adequate to prevent imitation of our trademarks by others. the unauthorized use or reproduction of our trademarks could diminish the value of our brand and its market acceptance, competitive advantages or goodwill, which could adversely affect our business.

·   tracinda owns a significant amount of our common stock and may be able to exert significant influence over matters requiring stockholder approval. as of december 31, 2015, tracinda corporation beneficially owned approximately 16% of our outstanding common stock and as a result, tracinda may be able to exercise significant influence over any matter requiring stockholder approval, including the approval of significant corporate transactions. upon mr. kerkorian's passing, tracinda's position in our common stock became subject to the terms of mr. kerkorian's last will and testament, which provides for an orderly disposition of tracinda's position in our common stock. as a result, while we expect that tracinda's ownership of our common stock will decline in the future, tracinda has not indicated when, if or how it intends to sell its position in our common stock.

·   we are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the united states. our operations outside of the united states are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-united states laws, regulations and customs. in particular, the risks associated with the operation of mgm macau or any future operations in which we may engage in any other foreign territories, include:

·   changes in laws and policies that govern operations of companies in macau or other foreign jurisdictions;

·   changes in non-united states government programs;

·   possible failure by our employees or agents to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the united states foreign corrupt practices act and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions;

·   general economic conditions and policies in china, including restrictions on travel and currency movements;

·   difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-united states operations;

·   different labor regulations;

·   changes in environmental, health and safety laws;

·   outbreaks of diseases or epidemics;

·   potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;

·   political instability and actual or anticipated military and political conflicts;

·   economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and

·   uncertainties regarding judicial systems and procedures.

these risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
21
we are also exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  if the united states dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of other countries, our united states dollar reported income from sources where revenue is dominated in the currencies of other such countries will decrease.
·   any violation of the foreign corrupt practices act or any other similar anti-corruption laws could have a negative impact on us. a significant portion of our revenue is derived from operations outside the united states, which exposes us to complex foreign and u.s. regulations inherent in doing cross-border business and in each of the countries in which we transact business. we are subject to compliance with the united states foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") and other similar anti-corruption laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. while our employees and agents are required to comply with these laws, we cannot be sure that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws, despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics. violations of these laws by us or our non-controlled ventures may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties against us, and the sec and u.s. department of justice continue to vigorously pursue enforcement of the fcpa. the occurrence or allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations.

·   we face risks related to pending claims that have been, or future claims that may be, brought against us. claims have been brought against us and our subsidiaries in various legal proceedings, and additional legal and tax claims arise from time to time. we may not be successful in the defense or prosecution of our current or future legal proceedings, which could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. please see the further discussion in "legal proceedings" and note 11 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

·   a significant portion of our labor force is covered by collective bargaining agreements. work stoppages and other labor problems could negatively affect our business and results of operations. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 29,900 of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. a prolonged dispute with the covered employees or any labor unrest, strikes or other business interruptions in connection with labor negotiations or others could have an adverse impact on our operations. further, adverse publicity in the marketplace related to union messaging could further harm our reputation and reduce customer demand for our services. also, wage and/or benefit increases resulting from new labor agreements may be significant and could also have an adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, to the extent that our non-union employees join unions, we would have greater exposure to risks associated with labor problems.

·   our business is particularly sensitive to energy prices and a rise in energy prices could harm our operating results. we are a large consumer of electricity and other energy and, therefore, higher energy prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations. accordingly, increases in energy costs may have a negative impact on our operating results. additionally, higher electricity and gasoline prices that affect our customers may result in reduced visitation to our resorts and a reduction in our revenues.

·   the failure to maintain the integrity of our computer systems and internal customer information could result in damage of reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. we collect and store information relating to our employees and guests for various business purposes, including marketing and promotional purposes. the collection and use of personal data are governed by privacy laws and regulations enacted in the united states and other jurisdictions around the world. privacy regulations continue to evolve and on occasion may be inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another.

compliance with applicable privacy regulations may increase our operating costs and/or adversely impact our ability to market our products, properties and services to our guests.  in addition, non-compliance with applicable privacy regulations by us (or in some circumstances non-compliance by third parties engaged by us), including accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure, unapproved dissemination or a breach of security on systems storing our data may result in damage of reputation and/or subject us to fines, payment of damages, lawsuits or restrictions on our use or transfer of data. we rely on proprietary and commercially available systems, software, tools and monitoring to provide security for processing, transmission and storage of customer and employee information, such as payment card and other confidential or proprietary information. our data security measures are reviewed and evaluated regularly; however, they might not protect us against increasingly sophisticated and aggressive threats. in addition, while we maintain cyber risk insurance to assist in the cost of recovery from a significant cyber event, such coverage may not be sufficient.
we also rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses.  disruptions in the availability of our computer systems, through cyber-attacks or otherwise, could impact our ability to
22
service our customers and adversely affect our sales and the results of operations.  for instance, there has been an increase in criminal cyber security attacks against companies where customer and company information has been compromised and company data has been destroyed.  our information systems and records, including those we maintain with our third-party service providers, may be subject to cyber security breaches in the future. in addition, our third-party information system service providers face risks relating to cyber security similar to ours, and we do not directly control any of such parties' information security operations.   a significant theft, loss or fraudulent use of customer or company data maintained by us or by a third-party service provider could have an adverse effect on our reputation, cause a material disruption to our operations and management team, and result in remediation expenses, regulatory penalties and litigation by customers and other parties whose information was subject to such attacks, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and cash flows.
·   we may seek to expand through investments in other businesses and properties or through alliances or acquisitions, and we may also seek to divest some of our properties and other assets, any of which may be unsuccessful. we intend to consider strategic and complementary acquisitions and investments in other businesses, properties or other assets. furthermore, we may pursue any of these opportunities in alliance with third parties. acquisitions and investments in businesses, properties or assets, as well as these alliances, are subject to risks that could affect our business, including risks related to:

·   spending cash and incurring debt;

·   assuming contingent liabilities;

·   unanticipated issues in integrating information, communications and other systems;

·   unanticipated incompatibility of purchasing, logistics, marketing and administration methods;

·   retaining key employees; and

·   consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures.

we cannot assure you that we will be able to identify opportunities or complete transactions on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that we will actually realize any anticipated benefits from such acquisitions, investments or alliances.
·   if the jurisdictions in which we operate increase gaming taxes and fees, our results could be adversely affected. state and local authorities raise a significant amount of revenue through taxes and fees on gaming activities. from time to time, legislators and government officials have proposed changes in tax laws, or in the administration of such laws, affecting the gaming industry. periods of economic downturn or uncertainty and budget deficits may intensify such efforts to raise revenues through increases in gaming taxes. if the jurisdictions in which we operate were to increase gaming taxes or fees, depending on the magnitude of the increase and any offsetting factors, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. for instance, income generated from gaming operations of mgm grand paradise currently has the benefit of a corporate tax exemption in macau, which exempts us from paying the 12% complementary tax on profits generated by the operation of casino games. this exemption is effective through the end of 2016 and while we believe that we will be granted additional five-year exemptions in the future we cannot assure you that any extensions of the tax exemption will be granted.

·   conflicts of interest may arise because certain of our directors and officers are also directors of mgm china, the holding company for mgm grand paradise which owns and operates mgm macau. as a result of the initial public offering of shares of mgm china common stock, mgm china now has stockholders who are not affiliated with us, and we and certain of our officers and directors who also serve as officers and/or directors of mgm china may have conflicting fiduciary obligations to our stockholders and to the minority stockholders of mgm china. decisions that could have different implications for us and mgm china, including contractual arrangements that we have entered into or may in the future enter into with mgm china, may give rise to the appearance of a potential conflict of interest or an actual conflict of interest.

item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

executive overview our primary business is the ownership and operation of casino resorts, which offer gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment, retail and other resort amenities. we own or invest in several of the finest casino resorts in the world and we continually reinvest in our resorts to maintain our competitive advantage. most of our revenue is cash-based, through customers wagering with cash or paying for non-gaming services with cash or credit cards. we rely heavily on the ability of our resorts to generate operating cash flow to fund capital expenditures, provide excess cash flow for future development and repay debt financings.  we make significant investments in our resorts through newly remodeled hotel rooms, restaurants, entertainment and nightlife offerings, as well as other new features and amenities.
according to the las vegas convention and visitors authority, las vegas visitor volume increased 3%, las vegas strip revpar increased 3% and las vegas strip gaming revenue decreased less than 1% in the year ended december 31, 2015. results of operations for our wholly owned domestic resorts during 2015 benefited from an increase in operating margins resulting from increases in gaming revenue and revpar. our rooms revenue benefited from increased visitation to the las vegas market and robust convention business at our las vegas strip resorts, which resulted in increases in occupancy and allowed us to yield higher room rates across our portfolio of resorts.
gross gaming revenues in the macau market decreased 34% in 2015 compared to 2014.  we believe operating results have been negatively affected by economic conditions and certain policy initiatives in china and the implementation of a full main floor casino smoking ban in october 2014. additionally, we believe stricter enforcement of entrance into macau via the use of transit visas, as well as a decrease in duration of stay permitted for transit visa holders, has negatively affected operating results; however, restrictions surrounding the use of transit visas were eased in july 2015. the decrease in gross gaming revenues accelerated during the second half of 2014 and continued throughout 2015 as macau has become an increasingly challenging and competitive market, impacting primarily vip casino gaming operations and, to a lesser extent, main floor operations. according to statistics published by the statistics and census service of the macau government, visitor arrivals decreased 3% in 2015 compared to 2014. despite concerns over the recent events and the sustainability of economic growth in china, we expect the macau market to grow on a long-term basis due to further development and penetration of the mainland china market and infrastructure improvements expected to facilitate more convenient travel to and within macau.
our results of operations are affected by decisions we make related to our capital allocation, our access to capital and our cost of capital.  while we continue to be focused on improving our financial position, we are also dedicated to capitalizing on development opportunities. in macau, we plan to spend approximately $3.0 billion, excluding development fees eliminated in consolidation, capitalized interest and land related costs, to develop mgm cotai, a resort and casino with capacity for up to 500 gaming tables and up to 1,500 slots, and featuring approximately 1,500 hotel rooms, built on an approximately 18 acre site on the cotai strip in macau.  the actual number of gaming tables allocated to mgm cotai will be determined by the macau government prior to opening, and such allocation may be less than our 500 gaming table capacity.   mgm cotai is expected to open at the end of the first quarter of 2017.
we were awarded the sixth and final casino license under current statutes in the state of maryland by the maryland video lottery facility location commission to build and operate mgm national harbor, a destination casino resort in prince george's county at national harbor, which is a waterfront development located on the potomac river just outside of washington, d.c. we currently expect the cost to develop and construct mgm national harbor to be approximately $1.3 billion, excluding capitalized interest and land related costs. we designed the resort to include a casino with approximately 3,600 slots and 160 table games including poker; a 300-room hotel with luxury spa and rooftop pool; 93,100 square feet of high-end branded retail and fine and casual dining; a 3,000-seat theater venue; 50,000 square feet of meeting and event space; and a 4,700-space parking garage. we expect mgm national harbor to open in the fourth quarter of 2016.
we were awarded a casino license to build and operate mgm springfield in springfield, massachusetts. mgm springfield will be developed on approximately 14 acres of land in downtown springfield, massachusetts. mgm's plans for the resort currently include a casino with approximately 3,000 slots and 100 table games including poker; a 250-room hotel; 100,000 square feet of retail and restaurant space; 44,000 square feet of meeting and event space; and a 3,375-space parking garage; with an expected development and construction cost of approximately $865 million, excluding capitalized interest and land-related costs. construction of mgm springfield is expected to be completed in late 2018.
we entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of anschutz entertainment group, inc. ("aeg") to design, construct, and operate an arena, which will be located on a parcel of our land between frank sinatra drive and new york-new york, adjacent to the las vegas strip. we and aeg each own 50% of las vegas arena company, the developer of the arena. in september 2014, a wholly
30
owned subsidiary of las vegas arena company entered into a $200 million senior secured credit facility to finance construction of the arena. the las vegas arena company recently entered into a multi-year naming rights agreement with t-mobile. t-mobile arena will seat between 18,000 and 20,000 people and is scheduled to open in the april 2016. such development is estimated to cost approximately $350 million, excluding capitalized interest and land-related costs. in addition, we are building the park entertainment district which connects to new york-new york, monte carlo and t-mobile arena.
in august 2015, we announced the implementation of a profit growth plan for sustained growth and margin enhancement. the profit growth plan's initiatives are focused on improving business processes to optimize our scale for greater efficiency and lower cost throughout our business, and to identify areas of opportunity to organically drive incremental revenue growth. the profit growth plan includes a large number of opportunities to enhance our business operations and we continue to explore additional opportunities to drive further margin enhancements. the plan is expected to result in approximately $300 million of annualized adjusted ebitda benefit. the profit growth plan has begun to show significant results and is expected to be fully realized by the end of 2017.
on october 29, 2015, we announced the formation of mgp as a newly formed subsidiary that we expect to be taxed as a real estate investment trust ("reit") for u.s. federal income tax purposes. we intend to contribute to a newly-formed operating partnership that mgp will control through a general partner subsidiary the real estate associated with mandalay bay, the mirage, new york-new york, luxor, monte carlo, excalibur, the park, mgm grand detroit, beau rivage and gold strike tunica (collectively, the "properties"). we also intend to incur approximately $4 billion of debt to refinance a portion of the debt outstanding under our existing senior credit facility and senior notes, which refinancing debt would be assumed by the operating partnership in connection with the reit transactions. one of our subsidiaries will then lease the properties from mgp for use under a long-term, "triple net" master lease agreement with a 10-year term that includes four five-year extensions at our option. we will guarantee our subsidiary's obligations under the master lease. we expect to retain through subsidiaries an approximate 70% economic interest in the new operating partnership, as well as voting control of mgp through our ownership of a controlling share in mgp.
reportable segments we have two reportable segments that are based on the regions in which we operate: wholly owned domestic resorts and mgm china. we currently operate 12 wholly owned resorts in the united states. mgm china's operations consist of mgm macau resort and the development of mgm cotai on the cotai strip in macau. we have additional business activities including investments in unconsolidated affiliates, our mgm hospitality operations and certain other corporate and management operations. citycenter is our most significant unconsolidated affiliate, which we also manage for a fee.  our operations that are not segregated into separate reportable segments are reported as "corporate and other" operations in our reconciliations of segment results to consolidated results.
wholly owned domestic resorts. at december 31, 2015, our wholly owned domestic resorts consisted of the following casino resorts:
las vegas, nevada:   bellagio, mgm grand las vegas (including the signature), mandalay bay (including delano and four seasons), the mirage, luxor, new york-new york, excalibur, monte carlo and circus circus las vegas.

other:               mgm grand detroit in detroit, michigan; beau rivage in biloxi, mississippi; gold strike tunica in tunica, mississippi.
over half of the net revenue from our wholly owned domestic resorts is derived from non-gaming operations including hotel, food and beverage, entertainment and other non-gaming amenities. we market to different customer groups and utilize our significant convention and meeting facilities to maximize hotel occupancy and customer volumes during off-peak times such as mid-week or during traditionally slower leisure travel periods, which also leads to better labor utilization.  our operating results are highly dependent on demand for our services, and the volume of customers at our resorts, which in turn affects the price we can charge for our hotel rooms and other amenities.  also, we generate a significant portion of our revenue from our wholly owned domestic resorts in las vegas, nevada, which exposes us to certain risks, such as increased competition from new or expanded las vegas resorts, and from the expansion of gaming in the united states generally.
key performance indicators related to gaming and hotel revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts are:
·   gaming revenue indicators: table games drop and slots handle (volume indicators); "win" or "hold" percentage, which is not fully controllable by us. our normal table games hold percentage is in the range of 18% to 22% of table games drop and our normal slots hold percentage is approximately 8.5% of slots handle; and

31
·   hotel revenue indicators: hotel occupancy (a volume indicator); average daily rate ("adr," a price indicator); and revenue per available room ("revpar," a summary measure of hotel results, combining adr and occupancy rate). our calculation of adr, which is the average price of occupied rooms per day, includes the impact of complimentary rooms. complimentary room rates are determined based on an analysis of retail or "cash" rates for each customer segment and each type of room product to estimate complimentary rates which are consistent with retail rates. complimentary rates are reviewed at least annually and on an interim basis if there are significant changes in market conditions. because the mix of rooms provided on a complimentary basis, particularly to casino customers, includes a disproportionate suite component, the composite adr including complimentary rooms is slightly higher than the adr for cash rooms, reflecting the higher retail value of suites.

mgm china. we own a 51% controlling interest in mgm china, which owns mgm grand paradise, the macau company that owns and operates mgm macau and the related gaming subconcession and land concessions, and is in the process of developing mgm cotai, an integrated casino, hotel, and entertainment resort on the cotai strip in macau.  we believe our investment in mgm china plays an important role in extending our reach internationally and will foster future growth and profitability.
revenues at mgm macau are generated from three primary customer segments in the macau gaming market: vip casino gaming operations, main floor gaming operations, and slot machine operations. vip players play mostly in dedicated vip rooms or designated gaming areas. vip customers can be further divided into customers sourced by in-house vip programs and those sourced through gaming promoters. a significant portion of our vip volume is generated through the use of gaming promoters. gaming promoters introduce vip gaming players to mgm macau, assist these customers with travel arrangements, and extend gaming credit to these players. in exchange for their services, gaming promoters are compensated through payment of revenue-sharing arrangements or rolling chip turnover based commissions.  in-house vip players also typically receive a commission based on the program in which they participate.  mgm macau main floor operations primarily consist of walk-in and day trip visitors. unlike gaming promoters and in-house vip players, main floor players do not receive commissions.  the profit contribution from the main floor segment exceeds the vip segment due to commission costs paid to gaming promoters. gaming revenues from the main floor segment have become an increasingly significant portion of total gaming revenues in recent years and we believe this segment represents the most potential for sustainable growth in the future.
vip gaming at mgm macau is conducted by the use of special purpose nonnegotiable gaming chips. gaming promoters purchase these nonnegotiable chips from mgm macau and in turn they sell these chips to their players. the nonnegotiable chips allow mgm macau to track the amount of wagering conducted by each gaming promoters' clients in order to determine vip gaming play.  gaming promoter commissions are based on either a percentage of actual win plus a monthly complimentary allowance based on a percentage of the rolling chip turnover their customers generate, or a percentage of the rolling chip turnover plus discounted offerings on nongaming amenities. the estimated portion of the gaming promoter payments that represent amounts passed through to vip customers is recorded as a reduction of casino revenue, and the estimated portion retained by the gaming promoter for its compensation is recorded as casino expense.  in-house vip commissions are based on a percentage of rolling chip turnover and are recorded as a reduction of casino revenue.
in addition to the key performance indicators used by our wholly owned domestic resorts, mgm macau utilizes "turnover," which is the sum of nonnegotiable chip wagers won by mgm macau calculated as nonnegotiable chips purchased plus nonnegotiable chips exchanged less nonnegotiable chips returned. turnover provides a basis for measuring vip casino win percentage.  win for vip gaming operations at mgm macau is typically in the range of 2.7% to 3.0% of turnover.
corporate and other. corporate and other includes our investments in unconsolidated affiliates and certain management and other operations.  see note 1 and note 6 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of the company's unconsolidated affiliates.
results of operations the following discussion is based on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
32
summary operating results the following table summarizes our operating results:
year ended december 31,

2015                        2014                          2013
(in thousands)
net revenues                  $9,190,068                   $10,081,984                   $9,809,663
operating income (loss)               (156,232   )                 1,323,538                     1,137,281
consolidated net revenues for 2015 decreased 9% compared to 2014 due primarily to a decrease in casino revenue at mgm china, offset by increases in casino and non-casino revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts. consolidated net revenues for 2014 increased 3% compared to 2013 due primarily to increased casino and non-casino revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts.
consolidated operating loss of $156 million in 2015 was negatively affected by an operating loss for mgm china that included a $1.5 billion non-cash impairment charge to goodwill recognized in the acquisition of a controlling interest in mgm china. we recorded a $3.5 billion non-cash gain in 2011 in connection with that acquisition. the current impairment charge, which represents approximately 42% of the amount of the previously recognized gain, resulted from our annual review of our goodwill carrying values and was incurred as a result of reduced cash flow forecasts for mgm china's resorts based on current market conditions and lower valuation multiples for gaming assets in the macau market. in addition, the operating loss was affected by a decrease in operating results at mgm macau. the operating loss for mgm china was partially offset by an increase in operating income at our wholly owned domestic resorts and an increase in income from unconsolidated affiliates, primarily from citycenter, which included $80 million related to our share of the gain recognized by citycenter as a result of the final resolution of its construction litigation and related settlements. in addition, corporate expense increased 15% to $275 million in 2015, due primarily to costs incurred to implement initiatives in relation to the profit growth plan of $24 million and costs associated with our proposed reit transaction of $20 million. preopening expense primarily related to our ongoing mgm cotai, mgm springfield and mgm national harbor development projects increased to $71 million in 2015 compared to $39 million in 2014. consolidated operating loss in 2015 was also negatively affected by impairment charges and losses on disposal of certain assets, in addition to the mgm china goodwill impairment charge discussed above, recorded in "property transactions, net." see "operating results - details of certain charges" below for additional detail on our preopening expense and property transactions.
consolidated operating income of $1.3 billion in 2014 benefited from an increase in revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts and an increase in main floor table games revenue at mgm china, as well as a decrease in property transactions, net to $41 million in 2014 compared to $125 million in 2013.  in addition, depreciation and amortization expense decreased $33 million in 2014 compared to 2013, due primarily to certain assets at our wholly owned resorts and mgm china becoming fully depreciated and a decrease in amortization expense for intangible assets.  operating income was negatively affected by increases in general and administrative expense, corporate expense and preopening expense. general and administrative expense increased primarily related to an increase in payroll and related expense. corporate expense increased 10% in 2014, due primarily to an increase in payroll costs and professional fees partially offset by a decrease in development related costs. preopening expense increased to $39 million in 2014, compared to $13 million in 2013, primarily as a result of the commencement of development on mgm springfield and mgm national harbor.
33
operating results - detailed segment information the following table presents a detail by segment of consolidated net revenue and adjusted ebitda.  management uses adjusted property ebitda as the primary profit measure for its reportable segments.  see "non-gaap measures" for additional information:
year ended december 31,

2015                         2014                          2013
(in thousands)
net revenues wholly owned domestic resorts                            $6,497,361                    $6,342,084                    $6,052,644
mgm china                                                 2,214,767                     3,282,329                     3,316,928
reportable segment net revenues                           8,712,128                     9,624,413                     9,369,572
corporate and other                                         477,940                       457,571                       440,091
$9,190,068                   $10,081,984                    $9,809,663
adjusted ebitda wholly owned domestic resorts                             1,689,966                     1,518,307                     1,442,686
mgm china                                                   539,881                       850,471                       814,109
reportable segment adjusted property ebitda               2,229,847                     2,368,778                     2,256,795
corporate and other                                           9,073                      (149,216    )                 (132,214   )
$2,238,920                    $2,219,562                    $2,124,581
wholly owned domestic resorts.  the following table presents detailed net revenue at our wholly owned domestic resorts:
year ended december 31,

2015                         2014                          2013
casino revenue, net                                                                                  (in thousands)
table games                                    $880,318                      $892,842                      $861,495
slots                                         1,720,028                     1,679,981                     1,671,819
other                                            70,148                        64,419                        66,257
casino revenue, net                           2,670,494                     2,637,242                     2,599,571
non-casino revenue rooms                                         1,813,838                     1,705,395                     1,589,887
food and beverage                             1,500,039                     1,470,315                     1,382,480
entertainment, retail and other               1,167,488                     1,184,343                     1,130,298
non-casino revenue                            4,481,365                     4,360,053                     4,102,665
7,151,859                     6,997,295                     6,702,236
less: promotional allowances                   (654,498    )                 (655,211    )                 (649,592   )
$6,497,361                    $6,342,084                    $6,052,644
casino revenue increased 1% in 2015 compared to 2014 due to a 2% increase in slots revenue as a result of a 3% increase in slots volume. table games revenue in 2015 decreased 1% compared to 2014 due to a decrease in table games volume of 1% and a decrease in tables games hold percentage to 20.5% in 2015 from 20.9% in 2014.
casino revenue in 2014 increased 1% compared to 2013 as a result of a 4% increase in table games revenue compared to 2013 due to an increase in table games volume of 2% and an increase in tables games hold percentage to 20.9% in 2014 from 20.5% in 2013.  slots revenue increased slightly compared to 2013.
34
rooms revenue increased 6% in 2015 compared to 2014 as a result of a 7% increase in revpar at our las vegas strip resorts. rooms revenue increased 7% in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of an 8% increase in revpar at our las vegas strip resorts. the following table shows key hotel statistics for our las vegas strip resorts:
year ended december 31,

2015               2014                2013
occupancy                                      93    %             93    %             91   %
average daily rate (adr)                     $149                $139                $131
revenue per available room (revpar)           138                 129                 119
food and beverage revenues increased 2% in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of increased convention and banquet business as well as the opening of several new outlets. food and beverage revenues increased 6% in 2014 compared to 2013 as a result of the same items noted above for the 2015 and 2014 comparative period. entertainment, retail and other revenues decreased 1% in 2015 compared to 2014 due primarily to a 5% decrease in revenue from cirque du soleil production shows, partially offset by a 5% increase in retail revenue. entertainment, retail and other revenues increased 5% in 2014 compared to 2013, due primarily to the michael jackson one cirque du soleil production show being open for the full year in 2014 compared to a partial year in 2013.
adjusted property ebitda at our wholly owned domestic resorts was $1.7 billion in 2015, an increase of 11% compared to 2014 due primarily to improved casino and non-casino revenue results at our wholly owned domestic resorts as discussed above, and approximately $63 million of incremental adjusted property ebitda as a result of the company's profit growth plan initiatives.  adjusted property ebitda margin increased by approximately 200 basis points to 26.0% in 2015.
adjusted property ebitda at our wholly owned domestic resorts was $1.5 billion in 2014, an increase of 5% compared to 2013 due primarily to improved casino and non-casino revenue results at our wholly owned domestic resorts as discussed above, offset partially by a 4% increase in payroll and related expenses, including health care costs and paid time off. adjusted property ebitda margin increased by approximately 10 basis points from 2013, to 23.9% in 2014.
mgm china.  the following table presents detailed net revenue for mgm china:
year ended december 31,

2015                         2014                          2013
casino revenue, net                                                                               (in thousands)
vip table games                             $977,182                    $1,742,034                    $2,062,200
main floor table games                       986,063                     1,237,528                       923,415
slots                                        209,098                       261,971                       290,596
casino revenue, net                        2,172,343                     3,241,533                     3,276,211
non-casino revenue                           135,585                       147,754                       141,503
2,307,928                     3,389,287                     3,417,714
less: promotional allowances                 (93,161    )                 (106,958    )                 (100,786   )
$2,214,767                    $3,282,329                    $3,316,928
net revenue for mgm china decreased 33% in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of a decrease in vip table games revenue of 44%, as well as a decrease in main floor table games revenue of 20%. vip table games turnover decreased 54% compared to the prior year, while vip table games hold percentage increased to 3.3% in 2015 from 2.8% in 2014. slots revenue decreased 20% in 2015 compared to 2014 due to a 23% decrease in slots volume. casino revenue continued to be negatively affected throughout 2015 by the changes in economic factors and policy initiatives in china that began to take place in 2014.
mgm china's adjusted ebitda was $540 million in 2015 and $850 million in 2014. excluding branding fees of $39 million and $43 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, adjusted ebitda decreased 35% compared to 2014. adjusted ebitda margin decreased approximately 150 basis points to 24.4% in 2015 primarily as a result of a decrease in casino revenue.
net revenue for mgm china decreased 1% in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a decrease in vip table games revenue of 16%, partially offset by a 34% increase in main floor table games revenue. vip table games turnover decreased 14% in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily as a result of changes in economic factors and policy initiatives in china.  vip table games hold percentage remained flat at 2.8% in 2014 and 2013. additionally, gaming tables were reallocated to main floor table games from vip table games during 2014 to meet increased demand.  main floor gaming revenue benefited from overall macau market growth as well as management's
35
strategic focus on premium main floor table games business in 2014 as compared to 2013. slots revenue decreased 10% in 2014 compared to 2013 due to a decrease in hold percentage to 4.4% in 2014 from 5.1% in 2013.
mgm china's adjusted ebitda was $850 million in 2014 and $814 million in 2013. excluding branding fees of $43 million and $36 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, adjusted ebitda increased 5% compared to 2013. adjusted ebitda margin increased approximately 140 basis points to 25.9% in 2014 as a result of an increase in main floor table games revenue, partially offset by a 15% increase in payroll and related costs.
corporate and other.  corporate and other revenue includes revenues from other corporate operations, management services and reimbursed costs revenue primarily related to our citycenter management agreement. reimbursed costs revenue represents reimbursement of costs, primarily payroll-related, incurred by us in connection with the provision of management services and was $399 million, $383 million and $365 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
adjusted ebitda related to corporate and other in 2015 included our share of operating income from citycenter, including certain basis difference adjustments, compared to operating loss from citycenter in the prior year, and an increase in our share of operating income from borgata in 2015 compared to 2014. see "operating results - income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates" for further discussion. the increases in income from citycenter and borgata were partially offset by increased corporate expenses in 2015 compared to 2014 as discussed previously under "summary operating results."
adjusted ebitda losses related to corporate and other increased in 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to our share of operating loss from citycenter, including certain basis difference adjustments, compared to operating income from citycenter in the prior year, partially offset by an increase in our share of operating income from borgata.  see "operating results - income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates" for further discussion. in addition, corporate expense increased in 2014 compared to 2013 as discussed previously under "summary operating results."
operating results - details of certain charges stock compensation expense is recorded within the department of the recipient of the stock compensation award.  the following table shows the amount of compensation expense recognized after reimbursed costs and capitalized costs related to employee stock-based awards:
year ended december 31,

2015                    2014                     2013
(in thousands)
casino                                  $7,571                   $7,351                   $5,879
other operating departments              2,580                    2,257                    2,241
general and administrative              10,729                    9,323                    8,176
corporate expense and other             20,966                   18,333                   16,036
$41,846                  $37,264                  $32,332
preopening and start-up expenses consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2015                    2014                     2013
(in thousands)
mgm china                      $13,863                   $9,091                  $9,109
mgm national harbor             32,837                   19,521                       -
mgm springfield                 19,654                    5,261                       -
other                            4,973                    5,384                   4,205
$71,327                  $39,257                 $13,314
preopening and start-up expenses at mgm china relate to the mgm cotai project which includes $7 million of amortization of the cotai land concession premium in each of the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013. preopening and startup expenses at mgm national harbor include $19 million and $13 million of rent expense for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, which relates to the ground lease for the land on which mgm national harbor is being developed. preopening and start-up expenses at mgm springfield primarily relate to licensing and assessment fees paid to the state and local governments.
36
property transactions, net consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2015                       2014                     2013
(in thousands)
mgm china goodwill impairment                                              $1,467,991             $-                       $-
grand victoria investment impairment                                           17,050                   28,789                    36,607
gain on sale of circus circus reno and silver legacy investment               (23,002    )              -                              -
corporate buildings impairment                                                      -                   -                         44,510
other nevada land impairment                                                        -                   -                         20,354
other property transactions, net                                               41,903                   12,213                    23,290
$1,503,942             $41,002                  $124,761
see note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of property transactions, net for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
operating results - income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates the following table summarizes information related to our income (loss) from unconsolidated affiliates:
year ended december 31,

2015                     2014                      2013
(in thousands)
citycenter                          $158,906             $(11,842         )             $21,712
borgata                               75,764                    52,017                   25,769
grand victoria and other              23,213                    23,661                   21,348
$257,883             $63,836                        $68,829
in 2015, our share of citycenter's operating results, including certain basis difference adjustments, was $159 million and included $80 million related to our share of a gain recognized by citycenter as a result of the final resolution of its construction litigation and related settlements, compared to an operating loss of $12 million in 2014. casino revenue at aria increased 6% in 2015 compared to 2014 due primarily to an increase in table games volume and slots volume of 2% and 3%, respectively. citycenter's rooms revenue increased 5% in 2015 compared to 2014, due to increases in revpar of 6% and 8% at aria and vdara, respectively. the increase in revenues from resort operations was partially offset by a decrease in residential revenues. citycenter's operating income in the current year benefited from a $99 million decrease in depreciation expense as a result of certain furniture and equipment becoming fully depreciated in december 2014 offset in part by $20 million in accelerated depreciation for certain assets associated with the zarkana theatre, which is scheduled to close in april 2016.  citycenter's operating income also benefited from a $26 million decrease in legal and professional fees as a result of the final resolution of construction litigation and related settlements. our share of borgata's operating income increased in 2015 compared to 2014 due to an increase in casino and non-casino revenues and improved operating margins.
in 2014, we recognized a $12 million loss related to our 50% share of citycenter's operating results, including certain basis difference adjustments, compared to income of $22 million in 2013. citycenter's operating loss in 2014 was negatively affected by $62 million of property transactions, net and a decrease in residential sales compared to 2013, as well as an increase in payroll and related costs and casino bad debt expense. casino revenues at aria decreased 5% in 2014 compared to 2013 due primarily to a decrease in table games hold percentage to 23.5% in 2014 from 24.7% in 2013. citycenter's rooms revenues increased 11% in 2014 compared to 2013, due to increases in revpar of 10% and 14% at aria and vdara, respectively.  our share of borgata's operating income increased in 2014 compared to 2013 and benefited from a reduction in real estate taxes recognized by borgata.
37
non-operating results interest expense. the following table summarizes information related to interest on our long-term debt:
year ended december 31,

2015                      2014                       2013
(in thousands)
total interest incurred - mgm resorts (excluding mgm china)             $808,733                   $816,345                  $830,074
total interest incurred - mgm china                                       53,644                     29,976                    32,343
interest capitalized                                                     (64,798    )               (29,260    )               (5,070   )
$797,579                   $817,061                  $857,347
cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized                      $776,540                   $776,778                  $840,280
end-of-year ratio of fixed-to-floating debt                                67/33                      77/23                     75/25
end-of-year weighted average interest rate                                   5.9    %                   6.0    %                  6.0   %
in 2015, interest cost related to mgm resorts, excluding china, decreased compared to 2014 as a result of a decrease in the average long-term debt outstanding during the year related to our senior notes. interest cost related to mgm china increased in 2015 compared to the prior year due to an increase in the average outstanding amounts borrowed under the mgm china credit facility and an increase in the amortization of debt issuance costs resulting from costs incurred associated with the refinancing of the mgm china credit facility in june 2015. in 2014, interest cost related to mgm resorts, excluding china, decreased compared to 2013 as a result of a decrease in weighted average long-term debt outstanding during the year, primarily relating to borrowings under our revolving credit facility. amortization of debt discounts, premiums and issuance costs included in interest expense in 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $46 million, $38 million and $35 million, respectively.
capitalized interest in 2015 increased compared to 2014 due primarily to the mgm cotai, national harbor, and springfield projects, and our investment in the las vegas arena company. capitalized interest in 2014 and 2013 primarily related to the mgm cotai project.
non-operating items from unconsolidated affiliates. non-operating expense from unconsolidated affiliates decreased $11 million in 2015 compared to 2014, due primarily to a decrease in interest expense at citycenter. non-operating expense from unconsolidated affiliates decreased $121 million in 2014 compared to 2013, due to a decrease in interest expense at citycenter as a result of debt restructuring transactions in october 2013, lower statutory interest recorded by citycenter related to estimated amounts owed in connection with the citycenter construction litigation and the net impact of the following other non-operating items from unconsolidated affiliates recognized in 2013: a $70 million loss for our share of citycenter's loss on retirement of long-term debt in october 2013, and $12 million for our share of a gain recognized on debt restructuring transactions at silver legacy.
income taxes. the following table summarizes information related to our income taxes:
year ended december 31,

2015                     2014                        2013
(in thousands)
income (loss) before income taxes                                  $(1,046,243      )               $410,886                   $62,190
benefit (provision) for income taxes                                       6,594                    (283,708    )              (20,816   )
effective income tax rate                                          0.6              %                   69.0    %                 33.5   %
federal, state and foreign income taxes paid, net of refunds       $11,801                           $42,272                      $835
our effective tax rate in 2015 was impacted by the non-cash impairment charge on mgm china goodwill for which we did not record income tax benefit.  our effective tax rate decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of providing greater tax benefit in 2015 than in 2014 for foreign tax credits, net of valuation allowance, partially offset by tax benefit resulting from audit settlements in 2014. our effective tax rate increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of the reduced tax benefit in 2014 for foreign tax credits, net of valuation allowance, partially offset by tax provision in 2013 resulting from re-measuring the macau net deferred tax liability due to the extension of the amortization period of the mgm china gaming subconcession upon effectiveness of the cotai land concession.
cash taxes paid decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily as a result of a $16 million refund of taxes and associated interest received in 2015 on the closure of the irs examination of citycenter, which is treated as a partnership for income tax purposes which partially offset federal income tax estimated tax payments of $23 million made during the year.  the remaining $5
38
million of cash taxes paid in 2015 consist of state and foreign income taxes. cash taxes paid increased in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily as a result of $30 million paid to irs for the closure of examinations covering the 2005 through 2009 tax years and $8 million estimated taxes paid to the irs during 2014.  the remaining $4 million of cash taxes paid in 2014 consist of state and foreign income taxes. cash taxes paid in 2013 consisted primarily of foreign and state taxes.
non-gaap measures
"adjusted ebitda" is earnings before interest and other non-operating income (expense), taxes, depreciation and amortization, preopening and start-up expenses, and property transactions, net. "adjusted property ebitda" is adjusted ebitda before corporate expense and stock compensation expense related to the mgm resorts stock option plan, which is not allocated to each reportable segment or operating segment, as applicable. mgm china recognizes stock compensation expense related to its stock compensation plan which is included in the calculation of adjusted ebitda for mgm china. adjusted ebitda and adjusted property ebitda information is presented solely as a supplemental disclosure to reported gaap measures because management believes these measures are 1) widely used measures of operating performance in the gaming and hospitality industry, and 2) a principal basis for valuation of gaming and hospitality companies.
we believe that while items excluded from adjusted ebitda and adjusted property ebitda may be recurring in nature and should not be disregarded in evaluation of our earnings performance, it is useful to exclude such items when analyzing current results and trends compared to other periods because these items can vary significantly depending on specific underlying transactions or events that may not be comparable between the periods being presented. also, we believe excluded items may not relate specifically to current operating trends or be indicative of future results. for example, preopening and start-up expenses will be significantly different in periods when we are developing and constructing a major expansion project and will depend on where the current period lies within the development cycle, as well as the size and scope of the project(s). property transactions, net includes normal recurring disposals, gains and losses on sales of assets related to specific assets within our resorts, but also includes gains or losses on sales of an entire operating resort or a group of resorts and impairment charges on entire asset groups or investments in unconsolidated affiliates, which may not be comparable period over period. in addition, capital allocation, tax planning, financing and stock compensation awards are all managed at the corporate level. therefore, we use adjusted property ebitda as the primary measure of wholly owned domestic resorts operating performance.
adjusted ebitda or adjusted property ebitda should not be construed as an alternative to operating income or net income, as an indicator of our performance; or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities, as a measure of liquidity; or as any other measure determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. we have significant uses of cash flows, including capital expenditures, interest payments, taxes and debt principal repayments, which are not reflected in adjusted ebitda or adjusted property ebitda. also, other companies in the gaming and hospitality industries that report adjusted ebitda or adjusted property ebitda information may calculate adjusted ebitda or adjusted property ebitda in a different manner.
the following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to net loss attributable to mgm resorts international:
year ended december 31,

2015                          2014                          2013
(in thousands)
adjusted ebitda                                                        $2,238,920                     $2,219,562                    $2,124,581
preopening and start-up expenses                                                  (71,327    )                  (39,257    )                   (13,314   )
property transactions, net                                                     (1,503,942    )                  (41,002    )                  (124,761   )
depreciation and amortization                                                    (819,883    )                 (815,765    )                  (849,225   )
operating income (loss)                                                          (156,232    )                1,323,538                      1,137,281
non-operating income (expense)
interest expense, net of amounts capitalized                                     (797,579    )                 (817,061    )                  (857,347   )
other, net                                                                        (92,432    )                  (95,591    )                  (217,744   )
(890,011    )                 (912,652    )                (1,075,091   )
income (loss) before income taxes                                              (1,046,243    )                  410,886                         62,190
benefit (provision) for income taxes                                                6,594                      (283,708    )                   (20,816   )
net income (loss)                                                              (1,039,649    )                  127,178                         41,374
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                  591,929                      (277,051    )                  (213,108   )
net loss attributable to mgm resorts international                     $(447,720             )        $(149,873            )        $(171,734            )
39
the following tables present reconciliations of operating income (loss) to adjusted property ebitda and adjusted ebitda:
year ended december 31, 2015

preopening                          property           depreciation operating                     and start-up                   transactions,           and                        adjusted income (loss)                 expenses                                 net           amortization               ebitda
(in thousands)
bellagio                          $303,858                      $-                                    $1,085           $90,442                    $395,385
mgm grand las vegas                           206,896                    -                               110                     73,260                     280,266
mandalay bay                                  120,142                    -                             3,599                     79,733                     203,474
the mirage                                     66,069           115                                    1,729                     44,562                     112,475
luxor                                          49,369                    (2       )                       94                     37,708                      87,169
new york-new york                              81,618                    (74      )                    4,931                     19,982                     106,457
excalibur                                      67,545                    -                               111                     14,591                      82,247
monte carlo                                    55,594                    -                             3,219                     27,149                      85,962
circus circus las vegas                        27,305           280                                       21                     15,639                      43,245
mgm grand detroit                             131,016                    -                               (36   )                 23,999                     154,979
beau rivage                                    62,613                    -                                (5   )                 26,235                      88,843
gold strike tunica                             34,362                    -                               221                     11,440                      46,023
other resort operations                         2,975                    -                                 -           466                                    3,441
wholly owned domestic resorts               1,209,362           319                                   15,079                    465,206                   1,689,966
mgm china                                  (1,212,377   )                13,863                    1,472,128                    266,267                     539,881
unconsolidated resorts                        254,408                    3,475                             -                          -                     257,883
management and other operations                27,395                    1,179                         1,080                      7,765                      37,419
278,788                    18,836                    1,488,287                    739,238                   2,525,149
stock compensation                            (32,125   )                -                                 -                          -                     (32,125   )
corporate                                    (402,895   )                52,491                       15,655                     80,645                    (254,104   )
$(156,232             )       $71,327                           $1,503,942           $819,883                   $2,238,920
year ended december 31, 2014

preopening                  property           depreciation operating                       and start-up             transactions,           and                        adjusted income (loss)                       expenses                       net           amortization               ebitda
(in thousands)
bellagio                          $304,144                                  $-                      $900           $88,658                    $393,702
mgm grand las vegas                          174,297                       197                      (667   )                 81,027                     254,854
mandalay bay                                  95,449                     1,133                     2,307                     76,737                     175,626
the mirage                                    57,338                       452                     2,464                     49,900                     110,154
luxor                                         31,801                         2                       432                     37,849                      70,084
new york-new york                             75,360                       732                       427                     18,586                      95,105
excalibur                                     52,915                         -                       500                     14,804                      68,219
monte carlo                                   48,937                     1,507                       290                     21,046                      71,780
circus circus las vegas                        8,135                        85                        61                     15,334                      23,615
mgm grand detroit                            118,755                         -                     2,728                     23,315                     144,798
beau rivage                                   43,152                         -                     1,000                     26,109                      70,261
gold strike tunica                            27,460                         -                       392                     12,480                      40,332
other resort operations                       (2,318   )                     -                       336                      1,759                        (223   )
wholly owned domestic resorts              1,035,425                     4,108                    11,170                    467,604                   1,518,307
mgm china                                    547,977                     9,091                     1,493                    291,910                     850,471
unconsolidated resorts                        62,919                       917                         -                          -                      63,836
management and other operations               26,152                       359                       415                      9,058                      35,984
1,672,473                    14,475                    13,078                    768,572                   2,468,598
stock compensation                           (28,372   )                     -                         -                          -                     (28,372   )
corporate                                   (320,563   )                24,782                    27,924                     47,193                    (220,664   )
$1,323,538                           $39,257                   $41,002           $815,765                   $2,219,562
40
year ended december 31, 2013

preopening                property                  depreciation operating                    and start-up              transactions,             and                        adjusted income (loss)                expenses                  net                       amortization               ebitda
(in thousands)
bellagio                          $261,321                     $-                        $470                      $96,968                    $358,759
mgm grand las vegas                          149,602                    -                          2,220                     84,310                     236,132
mandalay bay                                  78,096                    1,903                      2,823                     84,332                     167,154
the mirage                                    63,090                    -                          4,722                     49,612                     117,424
luxor                                         21,730           802                                 2,177                     36,852                      61,561
new york-new york                             65,006                    -                          3,533                     20,642                      89,181
excalibur                                     49,184                    -                69                                  14,249                      63,502
monte carlo                                   45,597           791                                 3,773                     18,780                      68,941
circus circus las vegas                       (1,596   )                -                          1,078                     17,127                      16,609
mgm grand detroit                            135,516                    -                         (2,402   )                 22,575                     155,689
beau rivage                                   38,015                    -                           (260   )                 29,182                      66,937
gold strike tunica                            22,767                    -                          1,330                     13,390                      37,487
other resort operations                      (21,951   )                -                         23,018                      2,243                       3,310
wholly owned domestic resorts                906,377                    3,496                     42,551                    490,262                   1,442,686
mgm china                                    501,021                    9,109            390                                303,589                     814,109
unconsolidated resorts                        68,322           507                                     -                          -                      68,829
management and other operations               13,749           189                       4                                   11,835                      25,777
1,489,469                    13,301                    42,945                    805,686                   2,351,401
stock compensation                           (26,112   )                -                              -                          -                     (26,112   )
corporate                                   (326,076   )       13                                 81,816                     43,539                    (200,708   )
$1,137,281                   $13,314                   $124,761                  $849,225                   $2,124,581
liquidity and capital resources cash flows - summary we require a certain amount of cash on hand to operate our resorts.  in addition to required cash on hand for operations, we utilize company-wide cash management procedures to minimize the amount of cash held on hand or in banks.  funds are swept from accounts at our resorts daily into central bank accounts, and excess funds are invested overnight or are used to repay borrowings under our senior credit facility. in addition, from time to time we may use excess funds to repurchase our outstanding debt securities subject to limitations in our senior credit facility.  at december 31, 2015 and 2014, we held cash and cash equivalents of $1.7 billion. cash and cash equivalents related to mgm china at december 31, 2015 and 2014 was $700 million and $546 million, respectively.
41
our cash flows consisted of the following:
year ended december 31,

2015                          2014                           2013
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                                              $1,005,079                     $1,130,670                           $1,310,448
investing cash flows:
capital expenditures, net of construction payable                                              (1,466,819    )                  (872,041    )                (562,124   )
dispositions of property and equipment                                                              8,032                          7,651                       18,030
proceeds from sale of business units and investment in unconsolidated affiliates                   92,207                              -                            -
investments in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates                                         (196,062    )                  (103,040    )                 (28,953   )
distributions from unconsolidated affiliates in excess of cumulative earnings                     201,612             132                                         110
investments in treasury securities - maturities longer than 90 days                                     -                       (123,133    )                (219,546   )
proceeds from treasury securities - maturities longer than 90 days                                      -                        210,300                      252,592
investments cash deposits - original maturities longer than 90 days                              (200,205    )                  (570,000    )                       -
proceeds from cash deposits - original maturities longer than 90 days                             770,205                              -                            -
payments for gaming licenses                                                                            -                        (85,000    )                 (21,600   )
other                                                                                              (4,028    )                    10,981                        1,354
net cash used in investing activities                                                            (795,058    )                (1,524,150    )                (560,137   )
financing cash flows:
net borrowings (repayments) under bank credit facilities                                          977,275                        (28,000    )                 (28,000   )
issuance of senior notes                                                                                -                      1,250,750                      500,000
retirement of senior notes                                                                       (875,504    )                  (508,900    )                (612,262   )
distributions to noncontrolling interest owners                                                  (307,227    )                  (386,709    )                (318,348   )
proceeds from issuance of redeemable noncontrolling interests                                       6,250                              -                            -
other                                                                                             (58,673    )                   (19,064    )                 (31,098   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                              (257,879    )                   308,077                     (489,708   )
effect of exchange rate on cash                                                        793                                          (889    )                    (443   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                   $(47,065              )        $(86,292              )                $260,160
cash flows - operating activities trends in our operating cash flows tend to follow trends in operating income, excluding non-cash charges, but can be affected by changes in working capital, the timing of significant tax payments or refunds, and distributions from unconsolidated affiliates.
cash provided by operating activities in 2015 decreased due to a decrease in operating cash flows at mgm china which were $383 million in 2015 compared to $642 million in 2014, partially offset by an increase in operating cash flows at our wholly owned domestic resorts.  in 2015, cash provided by operating activities at mgm china was negatively affected by changes in working capital related to short term gaming liabilities but to a lesser extent than in 2014.
cash provided by operating activities in 2014 decreased due to a decrease in operating cash flows at mgm china compared to $932 million in 2013, partially offset by an increase in operating cash flows at our wholly owned domestic resorts and lower cash paid for interest. cash provided by operating activities at mgm china was negatively affected by changes in working capital related to short-term gaming liabilities in 2014 while operating cash flows at mgm china were positively impacted by changes in working capital in 2013.
we paid net taxes of $12 million, $42 million and $1 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
cash flows - investing activities our investing cash flows can fluctuate significantly from year to year depending on our decisions with respect to strategic capital investments in new or existing resorts, business acquisitions or dispositions, and the timing of more regular capital investments to maintain the quality of our resorts. capital expenditures related to more regular investments in our existing resorts can also vary depending on timing of larger remodel projects related to our public spaces and hotel rooms. most of such costs relate to construction materials, furniture and fixtures, and external labor costs.
·   in 2015, we had capital expenditures of $1.5 billion, which included $579 million at mgm china, excluding development fees and capitalized interest on development fees eliminated in consolidation. capital expenditures at mgm china included $543 million related to the construction of mgm cotai and $36 million related to improvements at mgm macau. capital expenditures at our wholly owned domestic resorts and corporate entities of $888 million included $361 million and $35

42
million related to the construction of mgm national harbor and mgm springfield, respectively, various room remodels including the tower rooms at mandalay bay and the suites at bellagio, construction of additional exhibit space at the mandalay bay convention center, construction of the monte carlo theater, construction of the park entertainment district, and restaurant and entertainment venue remodels.

·   in 2014, we had capital expenditures of $872 million, which included $346 million at mgm china, excluding capitalized interest on development fees eliminated in consolidation. capital expenditures at mgm china included $301 million related to the construction of mgm cotai and $45 million related to improvements at mgm macau. capital expenditures at our wholly owned domestic resorts and corporate entities included $97 million related to the construction of mgm national harbor, various room remodels including the delano rooms at mandalay bay and suites at bellagio, a remodel of the facades of new york-new york and monte carlo, construction of the park entertainment district, restaurant and entertainment venue remodels and costs incurred to relocate and renovate certain corporate offices.

·   in 2013, we had capital expenditures of $562 million, which included $239 million at mgm china, excluding development fees eliminated in consolidation. capital expenditures at mgm china primarily related to the construction of mgm cotai, including a $47 million construction deposit. we spent approximately $324 million in 2013 related to capital expenditures at corporate entities and our wholly owned domestic resorts, which included expenditures for a remodel of the front façades of new york-new york and monte carlo, room remodels, theater renovations, information technology and slot machine purchases.

in 2015, investments in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates primarily represented investments in citycenter pursuant to the completion guarantee of $141 million and investments in the las vegas arena company of $50 million. in 2014, investments and advances to unconsolidated affiliates primarily represented investments in citycenter of $56 million, investments in the las vegas arena company of $36 million, and investments in mgm hakkasan of $10 million.  in 2013, investments in and advances to unconsolidated affiliates primarily represented investments in citycenter of $24 million.
in 2015, investing activities also included proceeds of $20 million related to the sale of railroad pass and gold strike jean, proceeds of $72 million (net of cash included in the sale) related to the sale of circus circus reno and the company's 50% interest in silver legacy, and $202 million of distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates, which includes a $200 million distribution paid by citycenter in april 2015.  in addition, we invested $200 million in certificates of deposit with original maturities longer than 90 days and received proceeds of $770 million related to the maturity of certificates of deposit with original maturities longer than 90 days.
investing activities also include activity related to investments of funds held by the trust that held our 50% ownership interest in borgata prior to its dissolution in september 2014. in addition, in 2014 we invested $570 million in certificates of deposit with original maturities longer than 90 days.
cash flows - financing activities in 2015, we had net borrowings of $102 million, including $1.0 billion of borrowings under the mgm china credit facility, the repayment of $28 million under our senior credit facility and the repayment of the $875 million 6.625% senior notes at maturity in july 2015 using cash on hand. additionally, we paid $46 million of debt issuance costs related to the refinancing of the mgm china credit facility. mgm china paid a $400 million special dividend in march 2015, a $120 million final dividend in june 2015 and a $76 million interim dividend in august 2015, of which $196 million, $59 million and $37 million was distributed to noncontrolling interests, respectively. additionally, we received $6 million in 2015 related to proceeds from the issuance of non-voting membership interests in mgm national harbor.
in 2014, we had net borrowings of $714 million, including the repayment of $28 million under our senior credit facility. during the year we repaid our $509 million 5.875% senior notes at maturity and issued $1.25 billion of 6% senior notes, due 2023 for net proceeds of $1.24 billion. mgm china paid a $499 million special dividend in march 2014, a $127 million final dividend in june 2014, and a $137 million interim dividend in september 2014, of which $245 million, $62 million and $67 million was distributed to noncontrolling interests, respectively.
in 2013, we repaid net debt of $140 million including $28 million under our senior credit facility. we issued $500 million in 5.25% senior notes due 2020 and repaid the following senior notes:
·   $462 million outstanding principal amount of our 6.75% senior notes; and

·   $150 million outstanding principal amount of our 7.625% senior subordinated debentures at maturity.

43
we incurred $24 million of debt issuance costs related to the re-pricing of the term loan b facility in may 2013 and the december 2013 issuance of the $500 million of 5.25% senior notes due 2020.
mgm china paid a $500 million special dividend in march 2013 and a $113 million interim dividend in september 2013, of which $245 million and $55 million was distributed to noncontrolling interests, respectively.
other factors affecting liquidity anticipated uses of cash. we have significant outstanding debt and contractual obligations in addition to planned capital expenditures. at december 31, 2015, we had $1.5 billion of principal amount of long-term debt maturing in 2016, primarily related to our $242.9 million 6.875% senior notes, $732.7 million 7.5% senior notes, and $500 million 10% senior notes, and an estimated $750 million of cash interest payments based on current outstanding debt and applicable interest rates, within the next twelve months.
we expect to make the following capital investments, excluding capitalized interest, during 2016:
·   approximately $440 million in capital expenditures at our wholly owned domestic resorts and corporate entities, which includes expenditures on the park, the monte carlo theatre, the new excalibur parking garage, and replacement of aircraft;

·   approximately $130 million in capital expenditures related to the mgm springfield project; and

·   approximately $680 million in capital expenditures related to the mgm national harbor project.

during 2016, mgm china expects to spend approximately $50 million in capital improvements at mgm macau and $1.6 billion on the mgm cotai project, excluding capitalized interest, development fees and land related costs.
our capital expenditures fluctuate depending on our decisions with respect to strategic capital investments in new or existing resorts and the timing of capital investments to maintain the quality of our resorts, the amounts of which can vary depending on timing of larger remodel projects related to our public spaces and hotel rooms. future capital expenditures could vary from our current expectations depending on the progress of our development efforts and the structure of our ownership interests in future developments.
cotai land concession.  mgm grand paradise's land concession contract for an approximate 18 acre site in cotai, macau became effective on january 9, 2013 and has an initial term of 25 years. the total land premium payable to the macau government for the land concession contract is $161 million and is composed of a down payment and eight additional semi-annual payments. as of december 31, 2015, mgm china had paid $130 million of the contract premium, including interest due on the semi-annual payments. in january 2016, mgm china paid the sixth semi-annual payment of $15 million under the land concession contract. including interest on the two remaining semi-annual payments, mgm china has $29 million remaining payable for the land concession contract.
mgm china dividend.  on february 18, 2016, as part of its regular dividend policy, mgm china's board of directors announced it will recommend a final dividend for 2015 of $46 million to mgm china shareholders subject to approval at the mgm china 2016 annual shareholders meeting to be held in may.  if approved, we will receive $23 million, our 51% share of the 2015 final dividend.
reit transaction. in connection with the proposed reit transaction, we expect to incur approximately $4 billion of debt to refinance a portion of the debt outstanding under our existing senior credit facility and certain of our senior notes, which refinancing debt will be assumed by the operating partnership and repaid with the equity proceeds from the contemplated ipo and concurrent debt financings.
principal debt arrangements our long-term debt consists of publicly held senior notes and our senior credit facility.  at december 31, 2015, excluding mgm china, we had $11.3 billion principal amount of indebtedness, including $2.7 billion of borrowings outstanding under our $3.9 billion senior credit facility. we pay fixed rates of interest ranging from 5.25% to 11.375% on our senior notes.  our senior credit facility consists of a $1.2 billion revolving loan facility, a $1.02 billion term loan a facility and a $1.70 billion term loan b facility.  the revolving and term loan a facilities bear interest at libor plus an applicable rate determined by our credit rating (2.75% as of december 31, 2015).  the term loan b facility bears interest at libor plus 2.50% with a libor floor of 1.00%.  the revolving and term loan a facilities mature in december 2017. the term loan b facility matures in december 2019.  the term loan a and term loan b facilities are subject to scheduled amortization payments on the last day of each calendar quarter in an amount equal to 0.25% of the original principal balance.  we had approximately $1.2 billion of available borrowing capacity under our senior credit facility at december 31, 2015. at december 31, 2015, the interest rate on the term loan a was 3.17% and the interest rate on the term loan b was 3.50%.
44
the land and substantially all of the assets of mgm grand las vegas, bellagio and the mirage secure up to $3.35 billion of obligations outstanding under the senior credit facility.  in addition, the land and substantially all of the assets of new york-new york and gold strike tunica secure the entire amount of the senior credit facility, and the land and substantially all of the assets of mgm grand detroit secure its $450 million of obligations as a co-borrower under the senior credit facility. in addition, the senior credit facility is secured by a pledge of the equity or limited liability company interests of the subsidiaries that own the pledged properties.
the senior credit facility contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants. in addition, the senior credit facility requires us and our restricted subsidiaries (the "restricted group") to maintain a minimum trailing four-quarter ebitda and limits the ability of the restricted group to make capital expenditures and investments. as of december 31, 2015, the restricted group is required to maintain a minimum ebitda (as defined) of $1.30 billion.  the minimum ebitda increases to $1.35 billion for march 31, 2016 through december 31, 2016, and to $1.40 billion for march 31, 2017 and thereafter.  ebitda for the trailing four quarters ended december 31, 2015 calculated in accordance with the terms of the senior credit facility was $1.71 billion.  in accordance with our senior credit facility covenants, the restricted group is limited to annual capital expenditures of $500 million in each year beginning with 2013 with unused amounts in any fiscal year rolling over to the next fiscal year, but not any fiscal year thereafter. our total restricted group capital expenditures allowable under the senior credit facility for 2015, after giving effect to the unused amount from 2014, was $794 million. in addition, our senior credit facility limits the restricted group's ability to make investments subject to certain thresholds and other important exceptions. the restricted group was within the limit of capital expenditures and other investments for 2015. we believe we have sufficient capacity under these thresholds to fund our planned development activity.
the senior credit facility provides for customary events of default, including, without limitation, (i) payment defaults, (ii) covenant defaults, (iii) cross-defaults to certain other indebtedness in excess of specified amounts, (iv) certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, (v) judgment defaults in excess of specified amounts, (vi) the failure of any loan document by a significant party to be in full force and effect and such circumstance, in the reasonable judgment of the required lenders, is materially adverse to the lenders, or (vii) the security documents cease to create a valid and perfected first priority lien on any material portion of the collateral. in addition, the senior credit facility provides that a cessation of business due to revocation, suspension or loss of any gaming license affecting a specified amount of its revenues or assets, will constitute an event of default.
all of our principal debt arrangements are guaranteed by each of our material domestic subsidiaries, other than mgm grand detroit, llc (which is a co-borrower under our senior credit facility), mgm national harbor, llc and blue tarp redevelopment, llc (the company that will own and operate our proposed casino in springfield, massachusetts), and each of their respective subsidiaries. our international subsidiaries, including mgm china and its subsidiaries, are not guarantors of such indebtedness. we and our subsidiaries may from time to time, in our sole discretion, purchase, repay, redeem or retire any of our outstanding debt securities, in privately negotiated or open market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise pursuant to authorization of our board of directors and in accordance with the terms of our senior credit facilities.
in june 2015, mgm china and mgm grand paradise, as co-borrowers, entered into a second amended and restated credit facility which consists of $1.55 billion of term loans and a $1.45 billion revolving credit facility. the outstanding balance at december 31, 2015 of $1.6 billion was comprised solely of term loans. the interest rate on the facility fluctuates annually based on hibor plus a margin that will range between 1.375% and 2.50% based on mgm china's leverage ratio. the mgm china credit facility is secured by mgm grand paradise's interest in the cotai land use right, and mgm china, mgm grand paradise and their guarantor subsidiaries have granted a security interest in substantially all of their assets to secure the facility. the credit facility will be used for general corporate purposes and for the development of the cotai project.
the mgm china credit facility contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, affirmative covenants and negative covenants, which impose restrictions on, among other things, the ability of mgm china and its subsidiaries to make investments, pay dividends and sell assets, and to incur additional liens. as of december 31, 2015, mgm china was required to maintain compliance with a maximum leverage ratio of 4.50 to 1.00 in addition to a minimum interest coverage ratio of 2.50 to 1.00.  mgm china was in compliance with the credit facility covenants at december 31, 2015.
in february 2016, the mgm china credit facility was amended to increase the maximum consolidated total leverage ratio. the maximum total leverage ratio increases to 6.00 to 1.00 for september 30, 2016 through june 30, 2017, and then decreases to 5.50 to 1.00 for september 30, 2017, 5.00 to 1.00 for december 31, 2017, and 4.50 to 1.00 for march 31, 2018 and thereafter.
in january 2016, mgm national harbor, llc, the company's wholly owned subsidiary developing and constructing mgm national harbor, entered into a $100 million revolving credit facility and a $425 million delayed draw term loan facility, of which $250 million was funded at closing. the revolving and term loan facilities will initially bear interest at a libor rate plus an additional rate ranging from 2.00% to 2.25% per annum (determined based on a total leverage ratio). the term loan is subject to
45
scheduled amortization payments on the last day of each calendar quarter beginning the fourth full fiscal quarter following the opening of mgm national harbor, initially in an amount equal to 1.25% of the aggregate principal balance and increasing to 1.875% and 2.50% of the aggregate principal balance on the last day of the twelfth and sixteenth full fiscal quarters, respectively. the term loan and revolving facilities are scheduled to mature in january 2021.
the credit agreement is secured by a leasehold mortgage on mgm national harbor and substantially all of the existing and future property of mgm national harbor. mandatory prepayments will be required upon the occurrence of certain events, including sales of certain assets, casualty events and the incurrence of certain additional indebtedness, subject to certain exceptions and reinvestment rights. in addition, to the extent mgm national harbor generates excess cash flow (as defined in the credit agreement), a percentage of such excess cash flow (ranging from 0% to 50% based on a total leverage ratio) will be required to be used to prepay the term loan facilities commencing with the fiscal year ended 2017.
the credit agreement contains customary representations and warranties, events of default, affirmative covenants and negative covenants, which impose restrictions on, among other things, the ability of mgm national harbor, llc and its restricted subsidiaries to make investments, pay dividends, sell assets, and to incur additional debt and additional liens. in addition, the credit agreement requires mgm national harbor, llc and its restricted subsidiaries to maintain a maximum total leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio. in addition, borrowings under the credit agreement are subject to a customary "in balance test" (as defined in the credit agreement), which looks to the sufficiency of mgm national harbor, llc's available resources to complete the mgm national harbor casino resort.
off balance sheet arrangements our off-balance sheet arrangements consist primarily of investments in unconsolidated affiliates, which consist primarily of our investments in citycenter, grand victoria, borgata, and t-mobile arena.  we have not entered into any transactions with special purpose entities, nor have we engaged in any derivative transactions.  our unconsolidated affiliate investments allow us to realize the proportionate benefits of owning a full-scale resort in a manner that minimizes our initial investment.  other than the t-mobile arena guarantee described below, we have not historically guaranteed financings obtained by our investees. in addition, there are no other provisions in the agreements with our investees which we believe are unusual or subject us to risks to which we would not be subjected if we had full ownership of the resort.
in conjunction with the las vegas arena company entering into a senior secured credit facility in september 2014, we and aeg each entered into joint and several completion guarantees for the project, as well as a repayment guarantee for the term loan b (which is subject to increases and decreases in the event of a rebalancing of the principal amount of indebtedness between the term loan a and term loan b facilities).   as of december 31, 2015, term loan a was $120 million and term loan b was $80 million.
commitments and contractual obligations the following table summarizes our scheduled contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015:
2016               2017               2018               2019               2020               thereafter

(in millions)
long-term debt                                             $1,504             $1,846             $1,272             $3,197             $1,500                $3,505
estimated interest payments on long-term debt (1)             750                646                542                439                316                   409
construction commitments (2)                                  959                212                  4                  -                  -                     -
operating leases (3)                                           55                 26                 23                 21                 22                 1,098
capital leases                                                  8                  8                  2                  -                  -                     -
tax liabilities (4)                                             5                  -                  -                  -                  -                     -
long-term liabilities                                           4                  3                  3                  2                  2                    35
other obligations (5)                                         340                 72                 24                  1                  1                     1
$3,625             $2,813             $1,870             $3,660             $1,841                $5,048
(1)   estimated interest payments are based on principal amounts and expected maturities of debt outstanding at december 31, 2015 and management's forecasted libor rates for our senior credit facility and hibor rates for the mgm china credit facility.

(2)   the amount for 2016 includes $640 million related to mgm cotai and $261 million and $15 million related to mgm national harbor and mgm springfield, respectively.

(3)   mgm national harbor is being built on land subject to a long-term ground lease. see note 11 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion.

(4)   approximately $4 million of liabilities related to uncertain tax positions and other tax liabilities are excluded from the table as we cannot reasonably estimate when examination and other activity related to these amounts will conclude or when these amounts will be paid, if ever.

46
(5)   the amount for 2016 includes $118 million related to employment agreements, $105 million for entertainment agreements and $77 million of open purchase orders. other commitments include various contracted amounts, including information technology, advertising, maintenance and other service agreements. our largest entertainment commitments consist of minimum contractual payments to cirque du soleil, which performs shows at several of our resorts. our contractual commitments for these shows generally do not exceed 12 months and are based on our ability to exercise certain termination rights; however, we expect these shows to continue for longer periods.

while we have significant indebtedness, we believe we have the ability to meet known obligations, including principal and interest obligations as well as planned capital expenditures over the next twelve months from the balance sheet date with existing cash and cash deposits, cash flows from operations, dividends from mgm china, and availability under our senior credit facility, the mgm china credit agreement and the mgm national harbor credit agreement.  we have $1.5 billion of maturities of long-term debt in 2016.  see "liquidity and capital resources - other factors affecting liquidity" for further discussion of anticipated uses of cash.
critical accounting policies and estimates management's discussion and analysis of our results of operations and liquidity and capital resources are based on our consolidated financial statements.  to prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america, we must make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements.  we regularly evaluate these estimates and assumptions, particularly in areas we consider to be critical accounting estimates, where changes in the estimates and assumptions could have a material effect on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows.  senior management and the audit committee of the board of directors have reviewed the disclosures included herein about our critical accounting estimates, and have reviewed the processes to determine those estimates.  however, by their nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty and therefore actual results can differ from our estimates.
allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable marker play represents a significant portion of the table games volume at certain of our las vegas resorts.  in addition, mgm china extends credit to certain in-house vip gaming customers and gaming promoters.  our other casinos do not emphasize marker play to the same extent, although we offer markers to customers at those casinos as well. we maintain strict controls over the issuance of markers and aggressively pursue collection from our other customers who fail to pay their marker balances timely. these collection efforts are similar to those used by most large corporations when dealing with overdue customer accounts, including the mailing of statements and delinquency notices, personal contacts, the use of outside collection agencies and civil litigation. markers are generally legally enforceable instruments in the united states and macau. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, approximately 37% and 30%, respectively, of our casino accounts receivable was owed by customers from the united states. markers are not legally enforceable instruments in some foreign countries, but the united states assets of foreign customers may be reached to satisfy judgments entered in the united states. at december 31, 2015 and 2014, approximately 44% and 54%, respectively, of our casino accounts receivable was owed by customers from the far east. we consider the likelihood and difficulty of enforceability, among other factors, when we issue credit to customers who are not residents of the united states.
we maintain an allowance, or reserve, for doubtful casino accounts at all of our operating casino resorts.  the provision for doubtful accounts, an operating expense, increases the allowance for doubtful accounts.  we regularly evaluate the allowance for doubtful casino accounts.  at resorts where marker play is not significant, the allowance is generally established by applying standard reserve percentages to aged account balances.  at resorts where marker play is significant, we apply standard reserve percentages to aged account balances under a specified dollar amount and specifically analyze the collectability of each account with a balance over the specified dollar amount, based on the age of the account, the customer's financial condition, collection history and any other known information.
in addition to enforceability issues, the collectability of unpaid markers given by foreign customers is affected by a number of factors, including changes in currency exchange rates and economic conditions in the customers' home countries.  because individual customer account balances can be significant, the allowance and the provision can change significantly between periods, as information about a certain customer becomes known or as changes in a region's economy occur.
47
the following table shows key statistics related to our casino receivables:
december 31,

2015                     2014
(in thousands)
casino receivables                                                 $285,182                  $307,152
allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable                    86,010                    84,397
allowance as a percentage of casino accounts receivable                  30    %                   27   %
percentage of casino accounts outstanding over 180 days                  26    %                   24   %
approximately $40 million and $68 million of casino receivables and $9 million and $13 million of the allowance for doubtful casino accounts receivable relate to mgm china at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.  the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of casino accounts receivable has increased in the current year due to an increase in specific reserves for high-end gaming customers and an increase in the aging of accounts.  at december 31, 2015, a 100 basis-point change in the allowance for doubtful accounts as a percentage of casino accounts receivable would change income before income taxes by $2.9 million.
fixed asset capitalization and depreciation policies property and equipment are stated at cost.  for the majority of our property and equipment, cost was determined at the acquisition date based on estimated fair values in connection with the june 2011 mgm china acquisition, the april 2005 mandalay acquisition and the may 2000 mirage resorts acquisition.  maintenance and repairs that neither materially add to the value of the property nor appreciably prolong its life are charged to expense as incurred.  depreciation and amortization are provided on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful lives of the assets.  when we construct assets, we capitalize direct costs of the project, including fees paid to architects and contractors, property taxes, and certain costs of our design and construction subsidiaries. in addition, interest cost associated with major development and construction projects is capitalized as part of the cost of the project.  interest is typically capitalized on amounts expended on the project using the weighted-average cost of our outstanding borrowings.  capitalization of interest starts when construction activities begin and ceases when construction is substantially complete or development activity is suspended for more than a brief period.
we must make estimates and assumptions when accounting for capital expenditures.  whether an expenditure is considered a maintenance expense or a capital asset is a matter of judgment.  when constructing or purchasing assets, we must determine whether existing assets are being replaced or otherwise impaired, which also may be a matter of judgment.  in addition, our depreciation expense is highly dependent on the assumptions we make about our assets' estimated useful lives.  we determine the estimated useful lives based on our experience with similar assets, engineering studies, and our estimate of the usage of the asset.  whenever events or circumstances occur which change the estimated useful life of an asset, we account for the change prospectively.
impairment of long-lived assets, goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets we evaluate our property and equipment and other long-lived assets for impairment based on our classification as held for sale or to be held and used.  several criteria must be met before an asset is classified as held for sale, including that management with the appropriate authority commits to a plan to sell the asset at a reasonable price in relation to its fair value and is actively seeking a buyer. for assets classified as held for sale, we recognize the asset at the lower of carrying value or fair market value less costs of disposal, as estimated based on comparable asset sales, offers received, or a discounted cash flow model.  for assets to be held and used, we review for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist.  we then compare the estimated future cash flows of the asset, on an undiscounted basis, to the carrying value of the asset.  if the undiscounted cash flows exceed the carrying value, no impairment is indicated.  if the undiscounted cash flows do not exceed the carrying value, then an impairment is recorded based on the fair value of the asset.  for operating assets, fair value is typically measured using a discounted cash flow model whereby future cash flows are discounted using a weighted-average cost of capital, developed using a standard capital asset pricing model, based on guideline companies in our industry. if an asset is still under development, future cash flows include remaining construction costs.  all recognized impairment losses, whether for assets to be held for sale or assets to be held and used, are recorded as operating expenses.
there are several estimates, assumptions and decisions in measuring impairments of long-lived assets.  first, management must determine the usage of the asset.  to the extent management decides that an asset will be sold, it is more likely that an impairment may be recognized.  assets must be tested at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows exist.  this means that some assets must be grouped, and management has some discretion in the grouping of assets.  future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective and actual results may differ materially from our estimates.
48
on a quarterly basis, we review our major long-lived assets to determine if events have occurred or circumstances exist that indicate a potential impairment.  potential factors which could trigger an impairment include underperformance compared to historical or projected operating results, negative industry or economic factors, significant changes to our operating environment, or changes in intended use of the asset group.  we estimate future cash flows using our internal budgets and probability weight cash flows in certain circumstances to consider alternative outcomes associated with recoverability of the asset group, including potential sale. historically, undiscounted cash flows of our significant operating asset groups have exceeded their carrying values by a substantial margin.
we review indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill at least annually and between annual test dates in certain circumstances. we perform our annual impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets and goodwill in the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. indefinite-lived intangible assets consist primarily of license rights, which are tested for impairment using a discounted cash flow approach, and trademarks, which are tested for impairment using the relief-from-royalty method.  see note 7 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of goodwill and other intangible assets.
goodwill represents the excess of purchase price over fair market value of net assets acquired in business combinations.  goodwill for relevant reporting units is tested for impairment using a discounted cash flow analysis based on our budgeted future results discounted using a weighted average cost of capital, developed using a standard capital asset pricing model based on guideline companies in our industry, and market indicators of terminal year capitalization rates, as well as a market approach that utilizes business enterprise value multiples based on a range of multiples in our peer group.  if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an indication of impairment exists and we must proceed to measure an impairment loss, if any. in measuring an impairment loss, the implied fair value of a reporting unit's goodwill is compared to the carrying value of that goodwill. the implied fair value of goodwill is determined by allocating the fair value of the reporting unit to its assets and liabilities and the amount remaining, if any, is the implied fair value of goodwill. if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than its carrying value then it must be written down to its implied fair value.
due to a significant decrease in mgm china's cash flows as well as a decline in the market capitalization of mgm china relative to its net book value, we performed an interim impairment test of goodwill related to the mgm china reporting unit in the second quarter of 2015. as of the date we completed our 2015 interim goodwill impairment analysis, the estimated fair value of our mgm china reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by 9%. we therefore concluded that goodwill related to the mgm china reporting unit was not impaired. during the fourth quarter of 2015, we conducted our annual impairment tests of goodwill by reviewing each of our reporting units, including our mgm china reporting unit. the step one goodwill analysis of the mgm china reporting unit indicated the fair value was less than its carrying value by 4%. the decrease in fair value from the interim test valuation date resulted from a further decrease in forecasted cash flows from our interim analysis based on current market conditions and a further sustained decline in the enterprise value multiples of the mgm china reporting unit as well as those of the mgm china reporting unit's peer group. as a result of the indication of impairment from the step one analysis, we proceeded to perform a step two impairment analysis to measure the impairment loss. as such, we determined the current fair values of all assets of the mgm china reporting unit, including its separately identifiable intangible assets. the current fair values of each of the separately identifiable intangible assets exceeded their respective carrying values by a significant amount, leading to a lower implied fair value of goodwill. therefore, we recorded a $1.5 billion non-cash impairment charge to reduce the historical carrying value of goodwill related to the mgm china reporting unit to its implied fair value.
with the exception of our mgm china reporting unit, as discussed above, none of our other reporting units incurred any goodwill impairment charges in 2015, 2014 or 2013. as of the date we completed our 2015 goodwill impairment analysis, the estimated fair values of our wholly owned domestic resorts reporting units with associated goodwill were substantially in excess of their carrying values.  as discussed below, management makes significant judgments and estimates as part of these analyses. if future operating results of our reporting units do not meet current expectations it could cause carrying values of our reporting units to exceed their fair values in future periods, potentially resulting in a goodwill impairment charge.
there are several estimates inherent in evaluating these assets for impairment.  in particular, future cash flow estimates are, by their nature, subjective and actual results may differ materially from our estimates.  in addition, the determination of multiples, capitalization rates and the discount rates used in the impairment tests are highly judgmental and dependent in large part on expectations of future market conditions.
see notes 7 and 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for further discussion of write downs and impairments of goodwill and long-lived assets.
impairment of investments in unconsolidated affiliates we evaluate our investments in unconsolidated affiliates for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our investment may have experienced an other-than-temporary decline in value. if such conditions exist, we
49
compare the estimated fair value of the investment to its carrying value to determine whether an impairment is indicated and determine whether the impairment is other-than-temporary based on our assessment of relevant factors, including consideration of our intent and ability to retain our investment. we estimate fair value using a discounted cash flow analysis based on estimates of future cash flows and market indicators of discount rates and terminal year capitalization rates, as well as a market approach that utilizes business enterprise value multiples based on a range of multiples in our peer group.  see note 6 and note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for discussion of other-than-temporary impairment charges.
income taxes we recognize deferred tax assets, net of applicable reserves, related to net operating loss and tax credit carryforwards and certain temporary differences with a future tax benefit to the extent that realization of such benefit is more likely than not.  otherwise, a valuation allowance is applied. as of december 31, 2015, the scheduled future reversal of existing u.s. federal taxable temporary differences exceeds the scheduled future reversal of existing u.s. federal deductible temporary differences.  consequently, we no longer apply a valuation allowance against our u.s. federal deferred tax assets other than our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset and a capital loss carryforward.
as of december 31, 2015, we have a foreign tax credit carryover of $2.9 billion against which we have recorded a valuation allowance of $2.7 billion based upon our assessment of future realization.  the foreign tax credits are attributable to the macau special gaming tax which is 35% of gross gaming revenue in macau.  because mgm china is presently exempt from the macau 12% complementary tax on gaming profits, we believe that payment of the macau special gaming tax qualifies as a tax paid in lieu of an income tax that is creditable against u.s. taxes. although mgm china's current five-year exemption from the macau 12% complementary tax on gaming profits ends on december 31, 2016, we believe it will be entitled to receive a third five-year exemption from macau based upon exemptions granted to its competitors in order to ensure non-discriminatory treatment among gaming concessionaires and subconcessionaires.  for all periods beyond december 31, 2021, we have assumed that mgm china will be paying the macau 12% complementary tax on gaming profits and will thus not be able to credit the macau special gaming tax in such years and have factored that assumption into our assessment of the realization of the foreign tax credit deferred tax asset.  furthermore, we do not rely on future u.s. source operating income in assessing future foreign tax credit realization due to our history of recent losses in the u.s. and therefore only rely on u.s. federal taxable temporary differences that we expect will reverse during the 10-year foreign tax credit carryover period.
our assessment of realization of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset is based on available evidence, including assumptions about future profitability of and distributions from mgm china, our assumption concerning renewals of the five year exemption from macau's 12% complementary tax on gaming profits and assumptions concerning future u.s. operating profits.  as a result, significant judgment is required in assessing the possible need for a valuation allowance and changes to our assumptions may have a material impact on the amount of the valuation allowance.  for example, should we in a future period actually receive or be able to assume an additional five year exemption, an additional valuation allowance would likely need to be provided on some portion or all of the foreign tax credit deferred tax asset, resulting in an increase in the provision for income taxes in such period and such increase may be material.  in addition, a change to our forecasts of future profitability of and distributions from mgm china could also result in a material change in the valuation allowance with a corresponding impact on the provision for income taxes in such period.
finally, we do not currently rely on future u.s. source operating income in assessing future foreign tax credit realization due to our recent history of cumulative losses in the u.s. and therefore only rely on u.s. federal taxable temporary differences that we expect will reverse during the 10-year foreign tax credit carryover period. however, due to improvements in our u.s. operations we have generated u.s. operating profits for the past four consecutive quarters.  should these profits continue in future periods, we may during the next 12 months begin to utilize projections of future u.s. source operating income in our assessment of the realizability of our foreign tax credit deferred tax asset, which could result in a reduction in the valuation allowance and a corresponding reduction in the provision for income taxes in such period.  however, the exact timing and amount of reduction in the valuation allowance are subject to change on the basis of the level of profitability that we are able to actually achieve.
in addition, there is an $18 million valuation allowance, after federal effect, provided on certain state deferred tax assets, a valuation allowance of $3 million on a federal income tax capital loss carryforward, a valuation allowance of $69 million on certain macau deferred tax assets, and a valuation allowance of $1 million on hong kong net operating losses because we believe these assets do not meet the "more likely than not" criteria for recognition.
we file income tax returns in the u.s. federal jurisdiction, various state and local jurisdictions, and foreign jurisdictions, although the income taxes paid in foreign jurisdictions are not material.  our income tax returns are subject to examination by the internal revenue service ("irs") and other tax authorities.  positions taken in tax returns are sometimes subject to uncertainty in the tax laws and may not ultimately be accepted by the irs or other tax authorities.  see note 10 in the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a discussion of the status and impact of examinations by tax authorities.
50
we assess our tax positions using a two-step process.  a tax position is recognized if it meets a "more likely than not" threshold, and is measured at the largest amount of benefit that is greater than fifty percent likely of being realized.  uncertain tax positions must be reviewed at each balance sheet date.  liabilities we record as a result of this analysis are recorded separately from any current or deferred income tax accounts, and are classified as current in "other accrued liabilities" or long-term in "other long-term liabilities" based on the time until expected payment.  additionally, we recognize accrued interest and penalties, if any, related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, we early adopted on a prospective basis fasb accounting standards update no. 2015-17, "balance sheet classification of deferred taxes," ("asu 2015-17"), which is effective for fiscal years, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2016.  asu 2015-17 requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets, along with any related valuation allowance, be classified as noncurrent in a classified statement of financial position.  prior to adopting asu 2015-17, we had a current deferred tax liability of $62 million for the period ending december 31, 2014.  prior periods are not retrospectively adjusted in the accompanying financial statements.
stock-based compensation we account for stock options and stock appreciation rights ("sars") measuring fair value using the black-scholes model. for restricted share units ("rsus"), compensation expense is calculated based on the fair market value of our stock on the date of grant.  we account for performance stock units ("psus") measuring fair value using the monte carlo valuation model. there are several management assumptions required to determine the inputs into the black-scholes model and monte carlo valuation model.  our volatility and expected term assumptions used in the black-scholes model can significantly affect the fair value of stock options and sars. the monte carlo valuation model also utilizes multiple assumptions, including volatility, to determine the fair value of the award. changes in the subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimate of the fair value of share-based compensation and consequently, the related amount recognized in the consolidated financial statements.  the extent of the impact will depend, in part, on the extent of awards in any given year.
market risk in addition to the inherent risks associated with our normal operations, we are also exposed to additional market risks.  market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates.  our primary exposure to market risk is interest rate risk associated with our variable rate long-term debt.  we attempt to limit our exposure to interest rate risk by managing the mix of our long-term fixed rate borrowings and short-term borrowings under our bank credit facilities. a change in interest rates generally does not have an impact upon our future earnings and cash flow for fixed-rate debt instruments. as fixed-rate debt matures, however, and if additional debt is acquired to fund the debt repayment, future earnings and cash flow may be affected by changes in interest rates. this effect would be realized in the periods subsequent to the periods when the debt matures.  we do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes and do not enter into derivative transactions that would be considered speculative positions.
as of december 31, 2015, long-term variable rate borrowings represented approximately 33% of our total borrowings.  assuming a 100 basis-point increase in libor (in the case of term loan b, over the 1% floor specified in our senior credit facility), our annual interest cost would change by approximately $27 million based on gross amounts outstanding at december 31, 2015. assuming a 100 basis-point increase in hibor for the mgm china credit facility, our annual interest cost would change by approximately $16 million based on amounts outstanding at december 31, 2015. the following table provides additional information about our gross long-term debt subject to changes in interest rates:
fair value

debt maturing in,           december 31,
2016                2017                2018              2019                2020                   thereafter                 total       2015
(in millions)
fixed-rate                     $1,476                $743              $475                $850           $1,500             $3,504                    $8,548           $8,815
average interest rate             8.3   %             7.6   %          11.9   %             8.6   %       6.3         %      6.7             %            7.5   %
variable rate                     $28              $1,104              $797              $2,347           $-                 $-                        $4,276           $4,245
average interest rate             3.4   %             3.1   %           2.0   %             3.0   %       n/a                n/a                          2.9   %
in addition to the risk associated with our variable interest rate debt, we are also exposed to risks related to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, mainly related to mgm china and to our operations at mgm macau and the development of mgm cotai. while recent fluctuations in exchange rates have not been significant, potential changes in policy by governments or fluctuations in the economies of the united states, china, macau or hong kong could cause variability in these exchange rates. we cannot assure
51
you that the hong kong dollar will continue to be pegged to the u.s. dollar or the current peg rate for the hong kong dollar will remain at the same level.  the possible changes to the peg of the hong kong dollar may result in severe fluctuations in the exchange rate thereof. as of december 31, 2015, a 1% increase in the hong kong dollar (the functional currency of mgm china) to the u.s. dollar exchange rate would impact the carrying value of our cash balance by $7 million and a 1% decrease in the exchange rate would impact the carrying value of our debt balance by $16 million.
52
