item 1a:  risk factors risk factors safe harbor statement under the private securities litigation reform act of 1995
this annual report on form 10-k and the documents we incorporate by reference in this report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"). other than statements of historical fact, all statements that we include in this report and in the documents we incorporate by reference may be deemed to be forward-looking statements for purposes of the securities act and the exchange act. such forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as "anticipates," "believes," "could," "estimates," "expects," "guidance," "intends," "may," "outlook," "plans," "projects," "seeks," "will," or similar words or expressions.
investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. before making an investment decision, you should carefully read and consider the following risk factors, as well as the other information we include or incorporate by reference in this report and the information in the other reports we file with the u.s. securities exchange commission, or sec. such risk factors should be considered not only with regard to the information contained in this annual report, but also with regard to the information and statements in the other periodic or current reports we file with the sec, as well as our press releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, or other communications made by or with the approval of one of our executive officers. no assurance can be given that we will actually achieve the results contemplated or disclosed in our forward-looking statements. such statements may turn out to be wrong due to the inherent uncertainties associated with future events. accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements, which reflect management's analyses, judgments, beliefs, or expectations only as of the date they are made.
if any of the events described in the following risk factors actually occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, or prospects could be materially adversely affected. the risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect us. additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business and operations. as such, you should not consider this list to be a complete statement of all potential risks or uncertainties. except to the extent otherwise required by federal securities laws, we do not undertake to address or update forward-looking statements in future filings or communications regarding our business or operating results, and do not undertake to address how any of these factors may have caused results to differ from discussions or information contained in previous filings or communications.
risks related to our health plans segment numerous risks associated with the affordable care act and its implementation, and changes to health care regulatory laws, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
in march 2010, president obama signed both the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education affordability reconciliation act (collectively, the affordable care act, or aca). the aca enacted comprehensive changes to the u.s. health care system, elements of which have been phased in at various stages over the past several years. the most significant changes effected by the aca were implemented as of january 1, 2014. there are a multitude of risks associated with the scope of change in the health care system represented by the aca, including, but not limited to, the following:
•   risks associated with the duals expansion. nine million low-income elderly and disabled people are covered under both the medicare and medicaid programs. these beneficiaries are more likely than other medicare beneficiaries to be frail, live with multiple chronic conditions, and have functional and cognitive impairments. medicare is their primary source of health insurance coverage, as it is for the nearly 50 million elderly and under-65 disabled beneficiaries in 2012. medicaid supplements medicare by paying for services not covered by medicare, such as dental care and long-term care services and support, and by helping to cover medicare's premiums and cost-sharing requirements. together, these two programs help to shield very low-income medicare beneficiaries from potentially unaffordable out-of-pocket medical and long-term care costs. to coordinate care for those who qualify to receive both medicare and medicaid services (the "dual eligible"), and to deliver services to these individuals in a more financially efficient manner, some states have undertaken demonstration programs to integrate medicare and medicaid services for dual eligible individuals. the health plans participating in such demonstrations are referred to as medicare-medicaid plans (mmps). we operate mmps in six states. our mmps in california, illinois, and ohio offered coverage beginning in 2014; our mmps in south carolina and texas offered coverage beginning in the first quarter of 2015; and our mmp in michigan offered coverage beginning in the second quarter of 2015. at december 31, 2015, our membership included approximately 51,000 integrated mmp members.
there are numerous risks associated with the initial implementation of a new program, with a health plan's expansion into a new service area, and with the provision of medical services to a new population which has not previously been
14
in managed care. one such risk is the development of actuarially sound rates. because there is limited historical information on which to develop rates, certain assumptions are required to be made which may subsequently prove to have been inaccurate. rates of utilization could be significantly higher than had been projected, or the assumptions of policymakers about the amount of savings that could be achieved through the use of utilization management in managed care could be flawed. moreover, because of our lack of actuarial experience for that program, region, or population, our reserve levels may be set at an inadequate level. for instance, these problems arose at our texas health plan in 2012, leading to extremely elevated medical care costs and substantial losses at the health plan. all of these risks are present in the implementation of the duals demonstration programs. in the event these risks materialize at one or more of our health plans, the negative results of the health plan or plans could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
•   risks associated with medicaid expansion. in the states that have elected to participate, the aca provides for the expansion of the medicaid program to offer eligibility to nearly all low-income people under age 65 with incomes at or below 138% of the federal poverty line. medicaid expansion membership phased in beginning january 1, 2014. since that date, our health plans in california, illinois, michigan, new mexico, ohio, and washington have participated in medicaid expansion. at december 31, 2015, our membership included approximately 557,000 medicaid expansion members, or 16% of total membership. the new enrollees in our health plans represent a population that is different from the population of medicaid enrollees we have historically managed. all of the risk factors described above with regard to the duals demonstration programs apply equally to medicaid expansion.
•   risks associated with health insurance marketplaces. the aca authorized the creation of marketplace insurance exchanges, allowing individuals and small groups to purchase health insurance that is federally subsidized, effective january 1, 2014. we participate in the marketplace in all of the states in which we operate, except illinois, puerto rico and south carolina. at december 31, 2015, our membership included approximately 205,000 marketplace members, with approximately 133,000, or 65%, of those members in florida. all of the risk factors described above with regard to the duals demonstration programs apply equally to our participation in the insurance marketplaces.
•   risk associated with implementing regulations. there are many parts of the aca that require further guidance in the form of regulations. due to the breadth and complexity of the aca, the lack of implementing regulations and interpretive guidance, and the phased nature of the aca's implementation, the overall impact of the aca on our business and on the health industry in general over the coming years is difficult to predict and not yet fully known, and implementing regulations could contain provisions that have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
changes to health care regulatory laws under the aca, including the recently proposed medicaid managed care rule, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
the health care regulatory law landscape is constantly changing. for example, on may 26, 2015, cms posted a new proposed rule to the federal register regarding medicaid programs and chip, medicaid managed care, chip delivered in managed care, medicaid and chip comprehensive quality strategies, and revisions related to third party liability that, if implemented, would, among other things, impose a medical loss ratio of 85% for medicaid and chip programs, establish a medicaid managed care quality rating system like the five-star system for medicare advantage plans, and expand health plans' responsibilities in program integrity efforts. it is difficult to predict what final rules may be adopted and implemented by cms, and if the final rule would result in any material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
our profitability depends on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage our medical care costs.
our profitability depends to a significant degree on our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage our medical care costs. historically, our medical care cost ratio, meaning our medical care costs as a percentage of our premium revenue net of premium tax, has fluctuated substantially, and has also varied across our state health plans. because the premium payments we receive are generally fixed in advance and we operate with a narrow profit margin, relatively small changes in our medical care cost ratio can create significant changes in our overall financial results. for example, if our overall medical care ratio, continuing operations of 89.1%, for the year ended december 31, 2015 had been one percentage point higher, or 90.1%, our net income from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2015 would have been approximately $1.08 per diluted share rather than our actual income from continuing operations of $2.58 per diluted share, a decrease of approximately 58%.
factors that may affect our medical care costs include the level of utilization of health care services, unexpected patterns in the annual flu season, increases in hospital costs, an increased incidence or acuity of high dollar claims related to catastrophic illnesses or medical conditions for which we do not have adequate reinsurance coverage, increased maternity costs, payment rates that are not actuarially sound, changes in state eligibility certification methodologies, relatively low levels of hospital and specialty provider competition in certain geographic areas, increases in the cost of pharmaceutical products and services, changes in health care regulations and practices, epidemics, new medical technologies, and other various external factors. many of these factors are beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively manage the costs of
15
providing health care services. the inability to forecast and manage our medical care costs or to establish and maintain a satisfactory medical care cost ratio, either with respect to a particular state health plan or across the consolidated entity, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
state and federal budget deficits may result in medicaid, chip, or medicare funding cuts which could reduce our revenues and profit margins.
nearly all of our premium revenues come from the joint federal and state funding of the medicaid and chip programs. due to high unemployment levels, medicaid enrollment levels and medicaid costs remain elevated at the same time that state budgets are suffering from significant fiscal strain. because medicaid is one of the largest expenditures in every state budget, and one of the fastest-growing, it is a prime target for cost-containment efforts. the states in which we operate our health plans regularly face significant budgetary pressures. these budgetary pressures may result in unexpected medicaid, chip, or medicare rate cuts which could reduce our revenues and profit margins. moreover, some federal deficit reduction or entitlement reform proposals would fundamentally change the structure and financing of the medicaid program. a number of these proposals include both tax increases and spending reductions in discretionary programs and mandatory programs, such as social security, medicare, and medicaid.
we are unable to determine how any future congressional spending cuts will affect medicare and medicaid reimbursement. there likely will continue to be legislative and regulatory proposals at the federal and state levels directed at containing or lowering the cost of health care that, if adopted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
the commonwealth of puerto rico may become unable to pay the premiums of our puerto rico health plan.
the government of puerto rico currently faces major fiscal and liquidity challenges. the government recently warned that it may lack sufficient resources to fund all necessary governmental programs and services as well as meet debt service obligations for fiscal year 2016. the extreme financial difficulties faced by the commonwealth may make it impossible for ases, the puerto rico medicaid agency, to pay our puerto rico health plan under the terms of the parties' medicaid contract. as of december 31, 2015, our puerto rico health plan served approximately 348,000 members, and had recognized premium revenue of approximately $192 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, or approximately $64 million per month. it is the practice of the commonwealth to pay us for eligible members only after those members have been assigned to us, and our plan has sent electronic confirmation of the receipt of eligibility. particularly in the early stages of our contract with puerto rico, the plan's confirmation of eligibility of certain members was not accepted by the commonwealth as a result of various technical issues. the plan has continued to pay for medical services for all members in question, but the commonwealth is withholding payment of approximately $12 million of premium revenue related to those members. we believe we have a valid claim to all of the premiums withheld and we are in discussions with the commonwealth regarding this matter. a default by ases on its payment obligations under our medicaid contract, or a determination by ases to terminate our contract based on insufficient funds available, could result in our having paid, or in our having to pay, provider claims in amounts for which we are not paid reimbursement, and could make it unfeasible for the puerto rico health plan to continue to operate. a default by ases or termination of our puerto rico medicaid contract could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
a failure to accurately estimate incurred but not reported medical care costs may negatively impact our results of operations.
because of the time lag between when medical services are actually rendered by our providers and when we receive, process, and pay a claim for those medical services, we must continually estimate our medical claims liability at particular points in time, and establish claims reserves related to such estimates. our estimated reserves for such "incurred but not paid" (ibnp) medical care costs are based on numerous assumptions. we estimate our medical claims liabilities using actuarial methods based on historical data adjusted for claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, health care service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to medicaid fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims. our ability to accurately estimate claims for our newer lines of business or populations, such as with respect to duals, medicaid expansion members, or aged, blind or disabled medicaid members, is impacted by the more limited experience we have had with those populations.
the ibnp estimation methods we use and the resulting reserves that we establish are reviewed and updated, and adjustments, if deemed necessary, are reflected in the current period. given the numerous uncertainties inherent in such estimates, our actual claims liabilities for a particular quarter or other period could differ significantly from the amounts estimated and reserved for that quarter or period. our actual claims liabilities have varied and will continue to vary from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in utilization, medical cost trends, and populations and markets served.
16
if our actual liability for claims payments is higher than estimated, our earnings in any particular quarter or annual period could be negatively affected. our estimates of ibnp may be inadequate in the future, which would negatively affect our results of operations for the relevant time period. furthermore, if we are unable to accurately estimate ibnp, our ability to take timely corrective actions may be limited, further exacerbating the extent of the negative impact on our results.
large-scale medical emergencies in one or more states in which we operate our health plans could significantly increase utilization rates and medical costs.
large-scale medical emergencies can take many forms and be associated with widespread illness or medical conditions. for example, natural disasters, such as a major earthquake in los angeles or cascadia, or a major hurricane in florida or south carolina, could have a significant impact on the health of a large number of our covered members. other conditions that could impact our members include an influenza epidemic, or newly emergent mosquito-borne illnesses, such as the zika virus, the west nile virus, or the chikungunya virus, conditions for which vaccines may not exist, are not effective, or have not been widely administered. in addition, federal and state law enforcement officials have issued warnings about potential terrorist activity involving biological or other weapons of mass destruction. all of these conditions, and others, could have a significant impact on the health of the population of wide-spread areas. we seek to set our ibnp reserves appropriately to account for anticipatable spikes in utilization, such as for the flu season. however, if one of our health plan states were to experience a large-scale natural disaster, a viral epidemic or pandemic, a significant terrorism attack, or some other large-scale event affecting the health of a large number of our members, our covered medical expenses in that state would rise, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, and results of operations, or, in the event of extreme circumstances, could threaten our viability.
if the responsive bids of our health plans for new or renewed medicaid contracts are not successful, or if our government contracts are terminated or are not renewed, our premium revenues could be materially reduced and our operating results could be negatively impacted.
our government contracts may be subject to periodic competitive bidding. in such process, our health plans may face competition as other plans, many with greater financial resources and greater name recognition, attempt to enter our markets through the competitive bidding process. in the event the responsive bid of one or more of our health plans is not successful, we will lose our medicaid contract in the applicable state or states, and our premium revenues could be materially reduced as a result. if we are unable to renew, successfully re-bid, or compete for any of our government contracts, or if any of our contracts are terminated or renewed on less favorable terms, our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be adversely affected. alternatively, even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions regarding enrollment, utilization, medical costs, or other factors which could result in the medicaid contract being less profitable than we had expected.
if we sustain a cyber-attack or suffer privacy or data security breaches that disrupt our operations or result in the dissemination of sensitive personal or confidential information, we could suffer increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm, loss of business, and other serious negative consequences.
as part of our normal operations, we routinely collect, process, store, and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including sensitive personal information as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. we may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use. experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our layered security controls and misappropriate or compromise sensitive personal information or proprietary or confidential information, vandalize our systems, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. they also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our systems or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. our systems are also susceptible to human error. because the techniques used to circumvent security systems can be highly sophisticated and change frequently, often are not recognized until launched against a target, and may originate from less regulated and remote areas around the world, we may be unable to proactively address these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. our facilities may also be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks, acts of vandalism or theft, misplaced or lost data, human errors, acts of malicious insiders, or other similar events that could negatively affect our systems and our and our members' data. the cost to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be significant. while we currently expend significant resources and have implemented solutions, processes and procedures to protect against cyber-attacks and security breaches, we may need to expend significant additional resources in the future to continue to protect against potential security breaches or to address problems caused by such attacks or any breach of our systems. our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service, and loss of members, vendors, and state contracts. in addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information or proprietary information or confidential information about our members could expose our members to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our reputation, or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
17
the exorbitant cost of specialty drugs and new generic drugs could have a material adverse effect on the level of our medical costs and our results of operations.
in 2014, gilead's pricing of the hepatitis c drug, sovaldi, at $84,000 per standard course of therapy received major attention as a health care policy and public policy matter. because of the relatively high incidence of hepatitis c throughout the nation, particularly in the medicaid population, the pricing of specialty drugs for the treatment of hepatitis c represents a major public health and public financing problem. in the case of sovaldi, because of its advent on the health care market in early 2014, the cost of the drug was generally not factored into our 2014 capitation rates, thus threatening to undermine the actuarial soundness of those rates. new high priced specialty drugs and generic drugs are expected to enter the health care market in 2015. in addition, evolving regulations and state and federal mandates regarding coverage may impact the ability of our health plans to continue to receive existing price discounts on pharmaceutical products for our members. other factors affecting our pharmaceutical costs include, but are not limited to, geographic variation in utilization of new and existing pharmaceuticals, and changes in discounts. we will seek to work with state medicaid agencies to ensure that we receive appropriate and actuarially sound reimbursement for all new drug therapies and pharmaceuticals. in the event we are required to bear the high costs of new specialty drugs or generic drugs without an appropriate rate adjustment or other reimbursement mechanism, or if new regulations or mandates affect our pharmaceutical costs, our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be adversely affected.
states may not adequately compensate us for the value of drug rebates that were previously earned by us but that are now collectible by the states.
the aca includes certain provisions that change the way drug rebates are handled for drug claims filled by medicaid managed care plans. retroactive to march 23, 2010, state medicaid programs are now required to collect federal rebates on all medicaid-covered outpatient drugs dispensed or administered to medicaid managed care enrollees (excluding certain drugs that are already discounted), and pharmaceutical manufacturers are required to pay specified rebates directly to the state medicaid programs for those claims. this has impacted the level of rebates received by managed care plans from the manufacturers for medicaid managed care enrollees. many manufacturers have renegotiated or discontinued their rebate contracts with medicaid managed care plans and pharmacy benefits managers to offset these new rebates paid directly to state medicaid programs. as a result, the drug rebate amounts paid to managed care plans like ours continue to remain at levels that are much lower than prior to aca implementation. there are provisions in the aca that require rates paid to medicaid managed care plans to be actuarially sound in regard to drug rebates. although we will be pursuing rate increases with state agencies to make us whole for the rebate amounts lost, there can be no assurances that the premium increases we may receive, if any, will be adequate to offset the amount of the lost rebates. if such premium increases prove to be inadequate, our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be adversely affected.
we derive our premium revenues from a relatively small number of state health plans.
we currently derive our premium revenues from 11 state health plans, and commenced operations with our puerto rico health plan in april 2015. if we are unable to continue to operate in any of those jurisdictions, or if our current operations in any portion of the jurisdictions we are in are significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. our reliance on operations in a limited number of jurisdictions could cause our revenue and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly, depending on an abrupt loss of membership, significant rate reductions, a loss of a material contract, legislative actions, changes in medicaid eligibility methodologies, catastrophic claims, an epidemic, an unexpected increase in utilization, general economic conditions, and similar factors in those jurisdictions. our inability to continue to operate in any of the jurisdictions in which we currently operate, or a significant change in the nature of our existing operations, could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
a large portion of our premium revenues are subject to risks related to medical cost expenditure floors and corridors, administrative cost and profit ceilings, premium stabilization programs, and cost-plus and performance-based reimbursement programs.
a substantial portion of our premium revenue is subject to contract provisions pertaining to medical cost floors and corridors, administrative cost and profit ceilings, cost-plus reimbursement, premium stabilization programs, and profit-sharing arrangements. many of these contract provisions are complex, or are poorly or ambiguously drafted, and thus are potentially subject to differing interpretations by ourselves and the relevant government agency with whom we contract. in the event the applicable government agency disagrees with our interpretation or implementation of a particular contract provisions at issue, we could be required to adjust the amount of our obligations under these provisions and/or make a payment or payments to the government agency. any interpretation of these contract provisions at variance with our interpretation and implementation of the provision, or that is inconsistent with our revenue recognition accounting treatment, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
in addition, many of our contracts also contain provisions pertaining to at-risk premiums that require us to meet certain quality performance measures to earn all of our contract revenues. in the event we are unsuccessful in achieving the stated performance
18
measure, we will be unable to recognize the revenue associated with that measure. any failure of our health plans to satisfy one of these performance measure provisions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows or results of operations.
failure to attain profitability in any new start-up operations, including in our new puerto rico health plan, could negatively affect our results of operations.
start-up costs associated with a new business can be substantial. for example, to obtain a certificate of authority to operate as a health maintenance organization in most jurisdictions, we must first establish a provider network, have infrastructure and required systems in place, and demonstrate our ability to obtain a state contract and process claims. often, we are also required to contribute significant capital to fund mandated net worth requirements, performance bonds or escrows, or contingency guaranties. if we are unsuccessful in obtaining the certificate of authority, winning the bid to provide services, or attracting members in sufficient numbers to cover our costs, any new business of ours would fail. we also could be required by the state or commonwealth to continue to provide services for some period of time without sufficient revenue to cover our ongoing costs or to recover our significant start-up costs.
even if we are successful in establishing a profitable health plan in a new state or commonwealth, increasing membership, revenues, and medical costs will trigger increased mandated net worth requirements which could substantially exceed the net income generated by the health plan. rapid growth in an existing state or commonwealth will also result in increased net worth requirements. in such circumstances, we may not be able to fund on a timely basis or at all the increased net worth requirements with our available cash resources. the expenses associated with starting up a health plan in a new state or commonwealth, or expanding a health plan in an existing state or commonwealth could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
receipt of inadequate or significantly delayed premiums could negatively affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
our premium revenues consist of fixed monthly payments per member, and supplemental payments for other services such as maternity deliveries. these premiums are fixed by contract, and we are obligated during the contract periods to provide health care services as established by the state governments. we use a large portion of our revenues to pay the costs of health care services delivered to our members. if premiums do not increase when expenses related to medical services rise, our medical margins will be compressed, and our earnings will be negatively affected. a state could increase hospital or other provider rates without making a commensurate increase in the rates paid to us, or could lower our rates without making a commensurate reduction in the rates paid to hospitals or other providers. in addition, if the actuarial assumptions made by a state in implementing a rate or benefit change are incorrect or are at variance with the particular utilization patterns of the members of one of our health plans, our medical margins could be reduced. any of these rate adjustments in one or more of the states in which we operate could have a material adverse effect our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
furthermore, a state undergoing a budget crisis may significantly delay the premiums paid to one of our health plans. any significant delay in the monthly payment of premiums to any of our health plans could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
centene's acquisition of health net could affect the los angeles county subcontract of our california health plan.
our california health plan operates in los angeles county, california as a subcontractor to health net, which holds a direct medi-cal contract with the state of california. health net has entered into a merger agreement with centene corporation, with the merger expected to close in early 2016. we currently do not expect there to be any material change to our los angeles county subcontract in connection with centene's acquisition of health net. however, if centene seeks to modify our subcontract or otherwise refuses to perform under the contract, our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations may be adversely affected.
reductions in medicare payments could reduce our earnings potential for our medicare advantage plans and our duals demonstration programs.
the sequestration transparency act of 2012 included a 2% reduction of payments from cms to our medicare advantage plans beginning april 1, 2013. medicare advantage plans will continue to be affected until congress lifts the sequestration mandated under the sequestration transparency act of 2012. such reduction in our medicare payments may have an adverse effect on our earnings potential for our medicare advantage plans and our duals demonstration programs. in addition, reductions to provider reimbursement rates associated with sequestration may adversely impact our relations with the impacted providers.
difficulties in executing our acquisition strategy could adversely affect our business.
the acquisitions of other health plans and the assignment and assumption of medicaid contract rights of other health plans have accounted for a significant amount of our growth over the last several years. although we cannot predict with certainty our rate of growth as the result of acquisitions, we believe that additional acquisitions of all sizes will be important to our future growth
19
strategy. many of the other potential purchasers of these assets-particularly operators of large commercial health plans-have significantly greater financial resources than we do. also, many of the sellers may insist on selling assets that we do not want, such as commercial lines of business, or may insist on transferring their liabilities to us as part of the sale of their companies or assets. even if we identify suitable targets, we may be unable to complete acquisitions on terms favorable to us, or at all, or obtain the necessary financing for these acquisitions. for these reasons, among others, we cannot provide assurance that we will be able to complete favorable acquisitions, especially in light of the volatility in the capital markets over the past several years, or that we will not complete acquisitions that turn out to be unfavorable. further, to the extent we complete an acquisition, we may be unable to realize the anticipated benefits from such acquisition because of operational factors or difficulty in integrating the acquisition with our existing business. this may include problems involving the integration of:
•   additional employees who are not familiar with our operations or our corporate culture,
•   new provider networks which may operate on terms different from our existing networks,
•   additional members who may decide to transfer to other health care providers or health plans,
•   disparate information, claims processing, and record-keeping systems,
•   internal controls and accounting policies, including those which require the exercise of judgment and complex estimation processes, such as estimates of claims incurred but not reported, accounting for goodwill, intangible assets, stock-based compensation, and income tax matters, and
•   new regulatory schemes, relationships, practices, and compliance requirements.
also, we are generally required to obtain regulatory approval from one or more state agencies when making acquisitions of health plans. in the case of an acquisition of a business located in a state in which we do not already operate, we would be required to obtain the necessary licenses to operate in that state. in addition, although we may already operate in a state in which we acquire a new business, we would be required to obtain regulatory approval if, as a result of the acquisition, we will operate in an area of that state in which we did not operate previously. furthermore, we may be required to renegotiate contracts with the network providers of the acquired business. we may be unable to obtain the necessary governmental approvals, comply with these regulatory requirements or renegotiate the necessary provider contracts in a timely manner, if at all.
in addition, we may be unable to successfully identify, consummate, and integrate future acquisitions, including integrating the acquired businesses on our information technology platform, or to implement our operations strategy in order to operate acquired businesses profitably. furthermore, we may incur significant transaction expenses in connection with a potential acquisition which may or may not be consummated. these expenses could impact our selling, general and administrative expense ratio.
for all of the above reasons, we may not be able to consummate our proposed acquisitions as announced from time to time to sustain our pattern of growth or to realize benefits from completed acquisitions.
we face periodic routine and non-routine reviews, audits, and investigations by government agencies, and these reviews and audits could have adverse findings, which could negatively impact our business.
we are subject to various routine and non-routine governmental reviews, audits, and investigations. violation of the laws, regulations, or contract provisions governing our operations, or changes in interpretations of those laws and regulations, could result in the imposition of civil or criminal penalties, the cancellation of our contracts to provide managed care services, the suspension or revocation of our licenses, the exclusion from participation in government sponsored health programs, or the revision and recoupment of past payments made based on audit findings. if we are unable to correct any noted deficiencies, or become subject to material fines or other sanctions, we could suffer a substantial reduction in profitability, and could also lose one or more of our government contracts and as a result lose significant numbers of members and amounts of revenue. in addition, government receivables are subject to government audit and negotiation, and government contracts are vulnerable to disagreements with the government. the final amounts we ultimately receive under government contracts may be different from the amounts we initially recognize in our financial statements.
we rely on the accuracy of eligibility lists provided by state governments. inaccuracies in those lists would negatively affect our results of operations.
premium payments to our health plan segment are based upon eligibility lists produced by state governments. from time to time, states require us to reimburse them for premiums paid to us based on an eligibility list that a state later discovers contains individuals who are not in fact eligible for a government sponsored program or are eligible for a different premium category or a different program. alternatively, a state could fail to pay us for members for whom we are entitled to payment. our results of operations would be adversely affected as a result of such reimbursement to the state if we make or have made related payments to providers and are unable to recoup such payments from the providers.
20
we are subject to extensive fraud and abuse laws that may give rise to lawsuits and claims against us, the outcome of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
because we receive payments from federal and state governmental agencies, we are subject to various laws commonly referred to as "fraud and abuse" laws, including federal and state anti-kickback statutes, prohibited referrals, and the federal false claims act, which permit agencies and enforcement authorities to institute a suit against us for violations and, in some cases, to seek treble damages, criminal and civil fines, penalties, and assessments. violations of these laws can also result in exclusion, debarment, temporary or permanent suspension from participation in government health care programs, or the institution of corporate integrity agreements. liability under such federal and state statutes and regulations may arise if we know, or it is found that we should have known, that information we provide to form the basis for a claim for government payment is false or fraudulent, and some courts have permitted false claims act suits to proceed if the claimant was out of compliance with program requirements. fraud, waste and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of operating activities, including kickbacks or other inducements for referral of members or for the coverage of products (such as prescription drugs) by a plan, billing for unnecessary medical services by a provider, improper marketing, and the violation of patient privacy rights. companies involved in public health care programs such as medicaid and medicare are required to maintain compliance programs to detect and deter fraud, waste and abuse, and are often the subject of fraud, waste and abuse investigations and audits. the regulations and contractual requirements applicable to participants in these public-sector programs are complex and subject to change. the federal government has taken the position that claims presented in violation of the federal anti-kickback statute may be considered a violation of the federal false claims act. in addition, under the federal civil monetary penalty statute, the u.s. department of health and human services (hhs), office of inspector general has the authority to impose civil penalties against any person who, among other things, knowingly presents, or causes to be presented, certain false or otherwise improper claims. qui tam actions under federal and state law can be brought by any individual on behalf of the government. qui tam actions have increased significantly in recent years, causing greater numbers of health care companies to have to defend a false claim action, pay fines, or be excluded from the medicare, medicaid, or other state or federal health care programs as a result of an investigation arising out of such action. we are currently defending one qui tam action where the federal government has declined to intervene: united states of america, ex rel., anita silingo v. mobile medical examination services, inc., et al. other qui tam actions may have been filed against us of which we are presently unaware, or other qui tam actions may be filed against us in the future. in the event we are subject to liability under these or other qui tam actions, our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be adversely affected.
our business could be adversely impacted by adoption of the new icd-10 standardized coding set for diagnoses.
hhs released rules pursuant to the health insurance portability and accountability act, or hipaa, which mandate the use of standard formats in electronic health care transactions. hhs also published rules requiring the use of standardized code sets and unique identifiers for providers. these new standardized code sets, known as icd-10, require substantial investments from health care organizations, including us. we implemented icd-10 effective as of october 1, 2015. use of the icd-10 code sets require significant administrative changes and may result in errors and otherwise negatively impact our service levels. in addition, we may experience complications related to supporting customers that are not fully compliant with the revised requirements as of the applicable compliance date. furthermore, if physicians fail to provide appropriate codes for services provided as a result of the new coding set, we may not be reimbursed, or adequately reimbursed, for such services.
if we are unable to deliver quality care, maintain good relations with the physicians, hospitals, and other providers with whom we contract, or if we are unable to enter into cost-effective contracts with such providers, our profitability could be adversely affected.
we contract with physicians, hospitals, and other providers as a means to ensure access to health care services for our members, to manage health care costs and utilization, and to better monitor the quality of care being delivered. we compete with other health plans to contract with these providers. we believe providers select plans in which they participate based on criteria including reimbursement rates, timeliness and accuracy of claims payment, potential to deliver new patient volume and/or retain existing patients, effectiveness of resolution of calls and complaints, and other factors. we cannot be sure that we will be able to successfully attract and retain providers to maintain a competitive network in the geographic areas we serve. in addition, in any particular market, providers could refuse to contract with us, demand higher payments, or take other actions which could result in higher health care costs, disruption to provider access for current members, a decline in our growth rate, or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements.
the medicaid program generally pays doctors and hospitals at levels well below those of medicare and private insurance. large numbers of doctors, therefore, do not accept medicaid patients. in the face of fiscal pressures, some states may reduce rates paid to providers, which may further discourage participation in the medicaid program.
in some markets, certain providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations, and some specialists, may have significant market positions or even monopolies. if these providers refuse to contract with us or utilize their market position to negotiate favorable contracts which are disadvantageous to us, our profitability in those areas could be adversely affected.
21
some providers that render services to our members are not contracted with our health plans. in those cases, there is no pre-established understanding between the provider and our health plan about the amount of compensation that is due to the provider. in some states, the amount of compensation is defined by law or regulation, but in most instances it is either not defined or it is established by a standard that is not clearly translatable into dollar terms. in such instances, providers may believe they are underpaid for their services and may either litigate or arbitrate their dispute with our health plan. the uncertainty of the amount to pay and the possibility of subsequent adjustment of the payment could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows.
the insolvency of a delegated provider could obligate us to pay its referral claims, which could have an adverse effect on our business, cash flows, or results of operations.
circumstances may arise where providers to whom we have delegated risk, due to insolvency or other circumstances, are unable to pay claims they have incurred with third parties in connection with referral services provided to our members. the inability of delegated providers to pay referral claims presents us with both immediate financial risk and potential disruption to member care. depending on states' laws, we may be held liable for such unpaid referral claims even though the delegated provider has contractually assumed such risk. additionally, competitive pressures may force us to pay such claims even when we have no legal obligation to do so or we have already paid claims to a delegated provider and payments cannot be recouped when the delegated provider becomes insolvent. to reduce the risk that delegated providers are unable to pay referral claims, we monitor the operational and financial performance of such providers. we also maintain contingency plans that include transferring members to other providers in response to potential network instability. in certain instances, we have required providers to place funds on deposit with us as protection against their potential insolvency. these funds are frequently in the form of segregated funds received from the provider and held by us or placed in a third-party financial institution. these funds may be used to pay claims that are the financial responsibility of the provider in the event the provider is unable to meet these obligations. however, there can be no assurances that these precautionary steps will fully protect us against the insolvency of a delegated provider. liabilities incurred or losses suffered as a result of provider insolvency could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
regulatory actions and negative publicity regarding medicaid managed care and medicare advantage may lead to programmatic changes and intensified regulatory scrutiny and regulatory burdens.
several of our health care competitors have recently been involved in governmental investigations and regulatory actions which have resulted in significant volatility in the price of their stock. in addition, there has been negative publicity and proposed programmatic changes regarding medicare advantage private fee-for-service plans, a part of the medicare advantage program in which we do not participate. these actions and the resulting negative publicity could become associated with or imputed to us, regardless of our actual regulatory compliance or programmatic participation. such an association, as well as any perception of a recurring pattern of abuse among the health plan participants in government programs and the diminished reputation of the managed care sector as a whole, could result in public distrust, political pressure for changes in the programs in which we do not participate, intensified scrutiny by regulators, additional regulatory requirements and burdens, increased stock volatility due to speculative trading, and heightened barriers to new managed care markets and contracts, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
if a state fails to renew its federal waiver application for mandated medicaid enrollment into managed care or such application is denied, our membership in that state will likely decrease.
states may only mandate medicaid enrollment into managed care under federal waivers or demonstrations. waivers and programs under demonstrations are approved for two- to five-year periods and can be renewed on an ongoing basis if the state applies and the waiver request is approved or renewed by cms. we have no control over this renewal process. if a state does not renew its mandated program or the federal government denies the state's application for renewal, our business would suffer as a result of a likely decrease in membership.
if state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries, it may negatively affect our business strategy.
we are a corporate parent holding company and hold most of our assets at, and conduct most of our operations through, direct subsidiaries. as a holding company, our results of operations depend on the results of operations of our subsidiaries. moreover, we are dependent on dividends or other intercompany transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our debt service and other obligations. the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments or advances to us will depend on their operating results and will be subject to applicable laws and restrictions contained in agreements governing the debt of such subsidiaries. in addition, our health plan subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that they can pay to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. in california, our health plan may dividend, without notice to or approval of the california department of managed health care, amounts by which its tangible net equity exceeds 130% of the tangible net equity requirement. our other health plans must give thirty days' advance notice and the opportunity to disapprove "extraordinary" dividends to the respective state departments of insurance for amounts
22
over the lesser of (a) ten percent of surplus or net worth at the prior year end or (b) the net income for the prior year. the discretion of the state regulators, if any, in approving or disapproving a dividend is not clearly defined. health plans that declare non-extraordinary dividends must usually provide notice to the regulators ten or fifteen days in advance of the intended distribution date of the non-extraordinary dividend. we received $125 million in dividends from our regulated health plan subsidiaries during 2015. we did not receive any dividends from our regulated health plan subsidiaries during 2014, because significant growth across all of our health plans necessitated that the plans retain their cash to meet increasing net worth requirements. the aggregate additional amounts our health plan subsidiaries could have paid us at december 31, 2015 and 2014, without approval of the regulatory authorities, were approximately $121 million and $96 million, respectively. if the regulators were to deny or significantly restrict our subsidiaries' requests to pay dividends to us, the funds available to our company as a whole would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy. for example, we could be hindered in our ability to make debt service payments under the senior notes or the revolving credit facility.
unforeseen changes in pharmaceutical regulations or market conditions may impact our revenues and adversely affect our results of operations.
a significant category of our health care costs relate to pharmaceutical products and services. evolving regulations and state and federal mandates regarding coverage may impact the ability of our health plans to continue to receive existing price discounts on pharmaceutical products for our members. other factors affecting our pharmaceutical costs include, but are not limited to, the price of pharmaceuticals, geographic variation in utilization of new and existing pharmaceuticals, and changes in discounts. the unpredictable nature of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
our use and disclosure of individually identifiable information, including health information, is subject to federal and state privacy and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational harm.
state and federal laws and regulations, including hipaa and the gramm-leach-bliley act, govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security, availability, and integrity of individually identifiable information, including protected health information, or phi. hipaa establishes basic national privacy and security standards for protection of phi by covered entities, including health plans such as ours. hipaa requires covered entities like us to develop and maintain policies and procedures for phi that is used or disclosed, and to adopt administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect phi. hipaa also implemented the use of standard transaction code sets and standard identifiers that covered entities must use when submitting or receiving certain electronic health care transactions, including activities associated with the billing and collection of health care claims.
mandatory penalties for hipaa violations range from $100 to $50,000 per violation, and up to $1.5 million per violation of the same standard per calendar year. a single breach incident can result in violations of multiple standards, resulting in possible penalties potentially in excess of $1.5 million. if a person knowingly or intentionally obtains or discloses phi in violation of hipaa requirements, criminal penalties may also be imposed. hipaa authorizes state attorneys general to file suit under hipaa on behalf of state residents. courts can award damages, costs, and attorneys' fees related to violations of hipaa in such cases. while hipaa does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue us in civil court for hipaa violations, its standards have been used as the basis for a duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of phi.
in addition, hipaa mandates that the secretary of hhs conduct periodic compliance audits of hipaa covered entities for compliance with the hipaa privacy and security standards. investigations of violations that indicate willful neglect, for which penalties are now mandatory, are statutorily required. it also tasks hhs with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured phi may receive a percentage of the civil monetary penalty fine paid by the violator.
hipaa further requires covered entities to notify affected individuals "without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach" if their unsecured phi is subject to an unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. if a breach affects 500 patients or more, it must be reported to hhs and local media without unreasonable delay, and hhs will post the name of the breaching entity on its public website. if a breach affects fewer than 500 individuals, the covered entity must log it and notify hhs at least annually. we have experienced hipaa breaches in the past, including breaches affecting over 500 individuals.
new health information standards, whether implemented pursuant to hipaa, congressional action, or otherwise, could have a significant effect on the manner in which we must handle health care related data, and the cost of complying with standards could be significant. if we do not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to phi, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential member information, whether by us or a third party, such as our vendors, could subject us to civil and criminal
23
penalties, divert management's time and energy, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
risks related to the operation of our molina medicaid solutions segment we may be unable to retain or renew the state government contracts of the molina medicaid solutions segment on terms consistent with our expectations or at all.
molina medicaid solutions currently provides business processing and information technology development and administrative services to medicaid agencies in idaho, louisiana, maine, new jersey, west virginia, and the u.s. virgin islands, and drug rebate administration services in florida. if we are unable to continue to operate in any of those six jurisdiction, or if our current operations in any of those jurisdictions are significantly curtailed, the revenues and cash flows of molina medicaid solutions could decrease materially, and as a result our profitability would be negatively impacted.
if the responsive bids to rfps of molina medicaid solutions are not successful, our revenues could be materially reduced and our operating results could be negatively impacted.
the government contracts of molina medicaid solutions may be subject to periodic competitive bidding. in such process, molina medicaid solutions may face competition as other service providers, some with much greater financial resources and greater name recognition, attempt to enter our markets through the competitive bidding process. molina medicaid solutions also anticipates bidding in other states which have issued rfps for procurement of a new mmis. in the event our responsive bids in other states are not successful, we will be unable to grow in a manner consistent with our projections. even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions or other factors which could result in the contract being less profitable than we had expected or had been the case prior to competitive re-bidding.
because of the complexity and duration of the services and systems required to be delivered under the government contracts of molina medicaid solutions, there are substantial risks associated with full performance under the contracts.
the state contracts of molina medicaid solutions typically require significant investment in the early stages that is expected to be recovered through billings over the life of the contracts. these contracts involve the construction of new computer systems and communications networks and the development and deployment of complex technologies. substantial performance risk exists under each contract. some or all elements of service delivery under these contracts are dependent upon successful completion of the design, development, construction, and implementation phases. any increased or unexpected costs or delays in connection with the performance of these contracts, including delays caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
if we fail to comply with our state government contracts or government contracting regulations, our business could be adversely affected.
molina medicaid solutions' contracts with state government customers may include unique and specialized performance requirements. in particular, contracts with state government customers are subject to various procurement regulations, contract provisions, and other requirements relating to their formation, administration, and performance. any failure to comply with the specific provisions in our customer contracts or any violation of government contracting regulations could result in the imposition of various civil and criminal penalties, which may include termination of the contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, imposition of fines, and suspension from future government contracting. further, any negative publicity related to our state government contracts or any proceedings surrounding them may damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new contracts. the termination of a state government contract, our suspension from government work, or any negative impact on our ability to compete for new contracts, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
system security risks and systems integration issues that disrupt our internal operations or information technology services provided to customers could adversely affect our financial results and damage our reputation.
computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network security and misappropriate our confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions, or cause shutdowns. computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack our products or otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities of our products. in addition, sophisticated hardware and operating system software and applications that we produce or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture, including "bugs" and other problems that could unexpectedly interfere with the operation of the system. the costs to us to eliminate or alleviate security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs and security vulnerabilities could be significant, and the efforts to address these problems could result in interruptions, delays, cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential government customers.
24
molina medicaid solutions routinely processes, stores, and transmits large amounts of data for our clients, including sensitive and personally identifiable information. breaches of our security measures could expose us, our customers, or the individuals affected to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, resulting in litigation and potential liability for us and damage to our brand and reputation. accordingly, we could lose existing or potential government customers for outsourcing services or other information technology solutions or incur significant expenses in connection with our customers' system failures or any actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products. in addition, the cost and operational consequences of implementing further data protection measures could be significant.
portions of our information technology infrastructure also may experience interruptions, delays, or cessations of service or produce errors in connection with systems integration or migration work that takes place from time to time. we may not be successful in implementing new systems and transitioning data, which could cause business disruptions and be more expensive, time consuming, disruptive, and resource-intensive. such disruptions could adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders and interrupt other processes. delayed sales, lower margins, or lost government customers resulting from these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results, reputation, and stock price.
in the course of providing services to customers, molina medicaid solutions may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and be exposed to claims for damages.
the solutions we provide to our state government customers may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties resulting in claims for damages against us. the expense and time of defending against these claims may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability. additionally, the publicity we may receive as a result of infringing intellectual property rights may damage our reputation and adversely impact our ability to develop new mmis business or retain existing mmis business.
inherent in the government contracting process are various risks which may materially and adversely affect our business and profitability.
we are subject to the risks inherent in the government contracting process. these risks include government audits of billable contract costs and reimbursable expenses and compliance with government reporting requirements. in the event we are found to be out of compliance with government contracting requirements, our reputation may be adversely impacted and our relationship with the government agencies we work with may be damaged, resulting in a material and adverse effect on our profitability.
our performance of contracts, including those with respect to which we have partnered with third parties, may be adversely affected if we or the third parties fail to deliver on commitments.
in some instances, our contracts require that we partner with other parties, including software and hardware vendors, to provide the complex solutions required by our state government customers. our ability to deliver the solutions and provide the services required by our customers is dependent on our and our partners' ability to meet our customers' delivery schedules. if we or our partners fail to deliver services or products on time, our ability to complete the contract may be adversely affected, which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenues and profitability.
our business may be adversely affected by the transition from traditional fee-for-service to medicaid managed care.
in order to save on costs, a number of state medicaid programs are expected to pursue the transition from a fee-for-service focus of their medicaid programs to a medicaid managed care focus. a shift in medicaid payment models from fee-for-service to managed care will require a concomitant shift in the focus of mmis. in connection with such a transition, mmis must also make a transition from a system built around claims adjudication to one that performs analytics and can be used to manage medicaid population health outcomes. in the event molina medicaid solutions is unable to accomplish this transition, our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations may be adversely affected.
risks related to our general business operations ineffective management of our growth may negatively affect our business, financial condition, or results of operations.
we expect to continue to grow our membership and to expand into other markets through acquisitions and other opportunities. continued rapid growth could place a significant strain on our management and on our other resources. our ability to manage our growth may depend on our ability to strengthen our management team and attract, train, and retain skilled employees, and our ability to implement and improve operational, financial, and management information systems on a timely basis. if we are unable to manage our growth effectively, our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, due to the initial substantial costs related to acquisitions, rapid growth could adversely affect our short-term profitability and liquidity.
25
any changes to the laws and regulations governing our business, or the interpretation and enforcement of those laws or regulations, could cause us to modify our operations and could negatively impact our operating results.
our business is extensively regulated by the federal government and the states in which we operate. the laws and regulations governing our operations are generally intended to benefit and protect health plan members and providers rather than managed care organizations. the government agencies administering these laws and regulations have broad latitude in interpreting and applying them. these laws and regulations, along with the terms of our government contracts, regulate how we do business, what services we offer, and how we interact with members and the public. for instance, some states mandate minimum medical expense levels as a percentage of premium revenues. these laws and regulations, and their interpretations, are subject to frequent change. the interpretation of certain contract provisions by our governmental regulators may also change. changes in existing laws or regulations, or their interpretations, or the enactment of new laws or regulations, could reduce our profitability by imposing additional capital requirements, increasing our liability, increasing our administrative and other costs, increasing mandated benefits, forcing us to restructure our relationships with providers, or requiring us to implement additional or different programs and systems. changes in the interpretation of our contracts could also reduce our profitability if we have detrimentally relied on a prior interpretation.
our business depends on our information and medical management systems, and our inability to effectively integrate, manage, and keep secure our information and medical management systems could disrupt our operations.
our business is dependent on effective and secure information systems that assist us in, among other things, processing provider claims, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, supporting our medical management techniques, and providing data to our regulators. our providers also depend upon our information systems for membership verifications, claims status, and other information. if we experience a reduction in the performance, reliability, or availability of our information and medical management systems, our operations, ability to pay claims, and ability to produce timely and accurate reports could be adversely affected. in addition, if the licensor or vendor of any software which is integral to our operations were to become insolvent or otherwise fail to support the software sufficiently, our operations could be negatively affected.
our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading, and enhancement to meet our operational needs. moreover, our acquisition activity requires transitions to or from, and the integration of, various information systems. if we experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or are unable to properly implement, maintain, upgrade or expand our system, we could suffer from, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of members, difficulty in attracting new members, regulatory problems, and increases in administrative expenses.
our business requires the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography, or other events or developments could result in compromises or breaches of our security systems and member data stored in our information systems. anyone who circumvents our security measures could misappropriate our confidential information or cause interruptions in services or operations. the internet is a public network, and data is sent over this network from many sources. in the past, computer viruses or software programs that disable or impair computers have been distributed and have rapidly spread over the internet. computer viruses could be introduced into our systems, or those of our providers or regulators, which could disrupt our operations, or make our systems inaccessible to our members, providers, or regulators. we may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against the threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by breaches. because of the confidential health information we store and transmit, security breaches could expose us to a risk of regulatory action, litigation, possible liability, and loss. our security measures may be inadequate to prevent security breaches, and our business operations would be negatively impacted by cancellation of contracts and loss of members if security breaches are not prevented.
because our corporate headquarters are located in southern california, our business operations may be significantly disrupted as a result of a major earthquake.
our corporate headquarters is located in long beach, california. in addition, the claims of our health plans are also processed in long beach. southern california is exposed to a statistically greater risk of a major earthquake than most other parts of the united states. if a major earthquake were to strike the los angeles area, our corporate functions and claims processing could be significantly impaired for a substantial period of time. although we have established a disaster recovery and business resumption plan with back-up operating sites to be deployed in the case of such a major disruptive event, there can be no assurances that the disaster recovery plan will be successful or that the business operations of all our health plans, including those that are remote from any such event, would not be substantially impacted by a major southern california earthquake.
we face claims related to litigation which could result in substantial monetary damages.
we are subject to a variety of legal actions, including medical malpractice actions, provider disputes, employment related disputes, health care regulatory law-based litigation, and breach of contract actions. in the event we incur liability materially in excess of the amount for which we have insurance coverage, our profitability would suffer. in addition, our providers involved in medical care decisions are exposed to the risk of medical malpractice claims. as an employer of physicians and ancillary
26
medical personnel and as an operator of primary care clinics, our plans are subject to liability for negligent acts, omissions, or injuries occurring at one of our clinics or caused by one of our employees. we maintain medical malpractice insurance for our clinics in an amount which we believe to be reasonable in light of our experience to date. however, given the significant amount of some medical malpractice awards and settlements, this insurance may not be sufficient or available at a reasonable cost to protect us from damage awards or other liabilities. even if any claims brought against us are unsuccessful or without merit, we may have to defend ourselves against such claims. the defense of any such actions may be time-consuming and costly, and may distract our management's attention. as a result, we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to effectively operate our business.
furthermore, claimants often sue managed care organizations for improper denials of or delays in care, and in some instances improper authorizations of care. claims of this nature could result in substantial damage awards against us and our providers that could exceed the limits of any applicable medical malpractice insurance coverage. successful malpractice or tort claims asserted against us, our providers, or our employees could adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
we cannot predict the outcome of any lawsuit with certainty. while we currently have insurance coverage for some of the potential liabilities relating to litigation, other such liabilities may not be covered by insurance, the insurers could dispute coverage, or the amount of insurance could be insufficient to cover the damages awarded. in addition, insurance coverage for all or certain types of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future or the deductible on any such insurance coverage could be set at a level which would result in us effectively self-insuring cases against us.
although we establish reserves for litigation as we believe appropriate, we cannot assure you that our recorded reserves will be adequate to cover such costs. therefore, the litigation to which we are subject could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows, and could prompt us to change our operating procedures.
we are subject to competition which negatively impacts our ability to increase penetration in the markets we serve.
we operate in a highly competitive environment and in an industry that is subject to ongoing changes from business consolidations, new strategic alliances, and aggressive marketing practices by other managed care organizations. we compete for members principally on the basis of size, location, and quality of provider network, benefits supplied, quality of service, and reputation. a number of these competitive elements are partially dependent upon and can be positively affected by the financial resources available to a health plan. many other organizations with which we compete, including large commercial plans, have substantially greater financial and other resources than we do. for these reasons, we may be unable to grow our membership, or may lose members to other health plans.
failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and stock price.
the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002 requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. in particular, we must perform system and process evaluation and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management to report on, and our independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, our internal controls over financial reporting as required by section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. our future testing, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses. our compliance with section 404 will continue to require that we incur substantial accounting expense and expend significant management time and effort. moreover, if we are not able to continue to comply with the requirements of section 404 in a timely manner, or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm identify deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses, the market price of our stock could decline and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the new york stock exchange, sec, or other regulatory authorities which would require additional financial and management resources.
changes in accounting may affect our results of operations.
u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap) and related implementation guidelines and interpretations can be highly complex and involve subjective judgments. changes in these rules or their interpretation, or the adoption of new pronouncements could significantly affect our stated results of operations.
the value of our investments is influenced by varying economic and market conditions, and a decrease in value could have an adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition.
our investments consist of investment-grade debt securities. the unrestricted portion of this portfolio is designated as available-for-sale. our non-current restricted investments are designated as held-to-maturity. available-for-sale investments are carried at fair value, and the unrealized gains or losses are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss as a separate component of stockholders' equity, unless the decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary and we do not have the intent and ability to hold such securities until their full cost can be recovered. for our available-for-sale investments
27
and held-to-maturity investments, if a decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary and we do not have the intent and ability to hold such security until its full cost can be recovered, the security is deemed to be other-than-temporarily impaired and it is written down to fair value and the loss is recorded as an expense.
in accordance with applicable accounting standards, we review our investment securities to determine if declines in fair value below cost are other-than-temporary. this review is subjective and requires a high degree of judgment. we conduct this review on a quarterly basis, using both quantitative and qualitative factors, to determine whether a decline in value is other-than-temporary. such factors considered include the length of time and the extent to which market value has been less than cost, the financial condition and near term prospects of the issuer, recommendations of investment advisors, and forecasts of economic, market or industry trends. this review process also entails an evaluation of our ability and intent to hold individual securities until they mature or full cost can be recovered.
the current economic environment and recent volatility of the securities markets increase the difficulty of assessing investment impairment and the same influences tend to increase the risk of potential impairment of these assets. over time, the economic and market environment may provide additional insight regarding the fair value of certain securities, which could change our judgment regarding impairment. this could result in realized losses relating to other-than-temporary declines to be recorded as an expense. given the current market conditions and the significant judgments involved, there is continuing risk that declines in fair value may occur and material other-than-temporary impairments may result in realized losses in future periods which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
unanticipated changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could affect our profitability.
we are subject to income taxes in the united states. our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings in states with different statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in u.s. tax laws and regulations, and changes in our interpretations of tax laws, including pending tax law changes, such as the health care federal excise tax discussed above. in addition, we are subject to the routine examination of our income tax returns by the internal revenue service and other local and state tax authorities. we regularly assess the likelihood of outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our estimated income tax liabilities. adverse outcomes from tax examinations could have a material adverse effect on our provision for income taxes, estimated income tax liabilities, or results of operations.
we are dependent on our executive officers and other key employees.
our operations are highly dependent on the efforts of our executive officers. the loss of their leadership, knowledge, and experience could negatively impact our operations. replacing many of our executive officers might be difficult or take an extended period of time because a limited number of individuals in the managed care industry have the breadth and depth of skills and experience necessary to operate and expand successfully a business such as ours. our success is also dependent on our ability to hire and retain qualified management, technical, and medical personnel. it is critical that we recruit, manage, enable, and retain talent to successfully execute our strategic objections which requires aligned policies, a positive work environment, and a robust succession and talent development process. further, particularly in light of the changing health care environment, we must focus on building employee capabilities to help ensure that we can meet upcoming challenges and opportunities. if we are unsuccessful in recruiting, retaining, managing, and enabling such personnel and are unable to meet upcoming challenges and opportunities, our operations could be negatively impacted.
we are subject to risks associated with outsourcing services and functions to third parties.
we contract with independent third party vendors and service providers who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. our arrangements with third party vendors and service providers may make our operations vulnerable if those third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to us, including their obligations to maintain and protect the security and confidentiality of our information and data. in addition, we may have disagreements with third party vendors and service providers regarding relative responsibilities for any such failures under applicable business associate agreements or other applicable outsourcing agreements. further, we may not be adequately indemnified against all possible losses through the terms and conditions of our contracts with third party vendors and service providers. our outsourcing arrangements could be adversely impacted by changes in vendors' or service providers' operations or financial condition or other matters outside of our control. if we fail to adequately monitor and regulate the performance of our third party vendors and service providers, we could be subject to additional risk. violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and/or regulations governing our business or noncompliance with contract terms by third party vendors and service providers could increase our exposure to liability to our members, providers, or other third parties, or sanctions and/or fines from the regulators that oversee our business. in turn, this could increase the costs associated with the operation of our business or have an adverse impact on our business and reputation. moreover, if these vendor and service provider relationships were terminated for any reason, we may not be able to find alternative partners in a timely manner or on acceptable financial terms, and may incur significant costs in connection with any such vendor or service provider transition. as a result, we may not be able to meet the full demands of our customers and, in turn, our business, financial condition, or results of operations may be harmed. in addition, we may not
28
fully realize the anticipated economic and other benefits from our outsourcing projects or other relationships we enter into with third party vendors and service providers, as a result of regulatory restrictions on outsourcing, unanticipated delays in transitioning our operations to the third party, vendor or service provider noncompliance with contract terms or violations of laws and/or regulations, or otherwise. this could result in substantial costs or other operational or financial problems that could adversely impact our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
an impairment charge with respect to our recorded goodwill, or our finite-lived intangible assets, could have a material impact on our financial results.
as of december 31, 2015, goodwill was $519 million, and intangible assets, net, were $122 million. intangible assets are amortized generally on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
goodwill represents the amount of the purchase price in excess of the fair values assigned to the underlying identifiable net assets of acquired businesses. goodwill is not amortized, but is subject to an annual impairment test. tests are performed more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. our intangible assets are subject to impairment tests when events or circumstances indicate that a finite-lived intangible asset's (or asset group's) carrying value may not be recoverable.
the determination of the value of goodwill, and intangible assets, net, requires us to make estimates and assumptions about estimated asset lives, future business trends, and growth. such evaluation is significantly impacted by estimates and assumptions of future revenues, costs and expenses, and other factors. if an event or events occur that would cause us to revise our estimates and assumptions used in analyzing the value of our goodwill, and intangible assets, net, such revision could result in a non-cash impairment charge that could have a material impact on our financial results.
we are subject to the risks of owning and leasing real property.
we are a tenant under numerous leases in multiple states, including a 25-year lease of an approximately 460,000 square foot office building housing our principal executive offices in long beach, california. we also own a 186,000 square-foot office building in troy, michigan, a 26,700 square-foot data center in albuquerque, new mexico, a 24,000 square-foot community clinic in pomona, california, and 40 properties in pennsylvania, which are primarily residential housing facilities. accordingly, we are subject to all of the risks generally associated with leasing and owning real estate, which include, but are not limited to: the possibility of environmental contamination, the costs associated with fixing any environmental problems and the risk of damages resulting from such contamination; adverse changes in the value of the property due to interest rate changes, changes in the neighborhood in which the property is located, or other factors; ongoing maintenance expenses and costs of improvements; the possible need for structural improvements in order to comply with changes in zoning, seismic, disability act, or other requirements; inability to renew or enter into leases for space not utilized by us on commercially acceptable terms or at all; and possible disputes with neighboring owners or other individuals and entities.
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry, expose us to interest rate risk to the extent of any variable rate debt, and prevent us from meeting our our outstanding indebtedness.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness. as of december 31, 2015, our total indebtedness was approximately $1,609 million, including lease financing obligations. as of december 31, 2015, we also had $244 million available for borrowing under our revolving credit facility. our substantial indebtedness could have significant consequences, including:
•   increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic, industry, or competitive developments;
•   requiring a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on our indebtedness, therefore reducing our ability to use our cash flows to fund operations, make capital expenditures, and pursue future business opportunities;
•   exposing us to the risk of increased interest rates to the extent of any future borrowings, including borrowings under the revolving credit facility, at variable rates of interest;
•   making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, including the revolving credit facility and our outstanding senior notes, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in an event of default under the indenture governing our outstanding senior notes and the agreements governing such other indebtedness;
•   restricting us from making strategic acquisitions or causing us to make non-strategic divestitures;
•   limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, product and service development, debt service requirements, acquisitions, and general corporate or other purposes; and
29
•   limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business or market conditions and placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors who are less highly leveraged and who, therefore, may be able to take advantage of opportunities that our substantial indebtedness may prevent us from exploiting.
despite our high indebtedness level, we and our subsidiaries are able to incur substantial additional amounts of debt, including secured debt, which could further exacerbate the risks associated with our substantial indebtedness.
we and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. although the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes and the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances, the amount of indebtedness that could be incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $244 million available for additional borrowing under our revolving credit facility. in addition, the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes and the credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility do not prevent us from incurring obligations that do not constitute prohibited indebtedness thereunder. if new debt is added to our and our subsidiaries' existing debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase.
the terms of our debt impose, and will impose, restrictions on us that may affect our ability to successfully operate our business and our ability to make payments on our outstanding senior notes.
the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes and the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility contain various covenants that could materially and adversely affect our ability to finance our future operations or capital needs and to engage in other business activities that may be in our best interest. these covenants limit our ability to, among other things:
•   incur additional indebtedness or issue certain preferred equity;
•   pay dividends on, repurchase, or make distributions in respect of our capital stock, prepay, redeem, or repurchase certain debt or make other restricted payments;
•   make certain investments;
•   create certain liens;
•   sell assets, including capital stock of restricted subsidiaries;
•   enter into agreements restricting our restricted subsidiaries' ability to pay dividends to us;
•   consolidate, merge, sell, or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets;
•   enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; and
•   designate our restricted subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries.
all of these covenants may restrict our ability to expand or to pursue our business strategies. our ability to comply with these covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, such as prevailing economic conditions and changes in regulations, and if such events occur, we cannot be sure that we will be able to comply. a breach of these covenants could result in a default under the indentures for our outstanding senior notes and/or the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility including, as a result of cross default provisions and, in the case of the revolving credit facility permit the lenders to cease making loans to us. if there were an event of default under the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes and/or the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, holders of such defaulted debt could cause all amounts borrowed under these instruments to be due and payable immediately. our assets or cash flow may not be sufficient to repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments in the event of a default thereunder.
in addition, the restrictive covenants in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility require us to maintain specified financial ratios and satisfy other financial condition tests. our ability to meet those financial ratios and tests will depend on our ongoing financial and operating performance, which, in turn, will be subject to economic conditions and to financial, market, and competitive factors, many of which are beyond our control.
if our operating performance declines, we may be required to obtain waivers from the lenders under the revolving credit facility, from the holders of our outstanding senior notes or from the holders of other obligations, to avoid defaults thereunder. if we are not able to obtain such waivers, our creditors could exercise their rights upon default, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.
30
we may not have the funds necessary to pay the amounts due upon conversion or required repurchase of our outstanding notes, and our indebtedness may contain limitations on our ability to pay the amounts due upon conversion or required repurchase.
in february 2013, we issued $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.125% cash convertible senior notes due january 15, 2020, unless earlier repurchased or converted. we refer to these notes as our 1.125% notes. in september 2014, we issued $301.6 million aggregate principal amount of 1.625% convertible senior notes due august 14, 2044, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. we refer to these notes as our 1.625% notes. as of december 31, 2015, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of our 1.125% notes and our 1.625% notes was $550 million and $302 million, respectively. both our 1.125% notes and our 1.625% notes are convertible into cash prior to their respective maturity dates under certain circumstances, one of which relates to the closing price of our common stock over a specified period. we refer to this conversion trigger as the stock price trigger. the 1.125% notes met the stock price trigger in the quarter ended december 31, 2015, and are convertible to cash through at least march 31, 2016. because the 1.125% notes may be converted into cash within 12 months, the $448 million carrying amount is reported in current portion of long-term debt as of december 31, 2015. in addition, holders of our 1.625% notes may convert their notes into cash during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) if the last reported sales price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to $75.51 per share. the last reported sale price of our common stock as reported on the new york stock exchange on february 23, 2016 was $62.28 per share. as of december 31, 2015, our 1.625% notes were not convertible. if conversion requests are received, the settlement of the notes must be paid primarily in cash pursuant to the terms of the relevant indentures.
for economic reasons related to the trading market for our 1.125% notes, we believe that the amount of the notes that may be converted over the next twelve months, if any, will not be significant. however, if the trading market for our 1.125% notes becomes closed or restricted due to market turmoil or other reasons such that the notes cannot be traded, or if the trading price of our 1.125% notes, which normally trade at a marginal premium to the underlying composite stock-and-interest economic value, no longer includes that marginal premium, holders of our 1.125% notes may elect to convert the notes to cash. as of december 31, 2015, we had sufficient available cash, combined with borrowing capacity available under our revolving credit facility, to fund such conversions.
in addition, in the event of a change in control or the termination in trading of our stock, each holder of our 1.125% notes and our 1.625% notes would have the right to require us to purchase some or all of their notes at a purchase price in cash equal to 100% of the principal amount of the notes, plus any accrued and unpaid interest.
in the event of conversions or required repurchases, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to comply with our conversion or repurchase obligations. in addition, our ability to comply with these obligations may be limited by law, by regulatory authority, or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. the indentures for the 1.125% notes and the 1.625% notes provide that it would be an event of default if we do not make the cash payments due upon conversion or required repurchase of the notes. the occurrence of an event of default under one or both of these indentures may also constitute an event of default under our revolving credit facility and under our other indebtedness we may have outstanding at such time. any such default could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.
variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
our borrowings under the revolving credit facility are at variable rates of interest and expose us to interest rate risk. if interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness could increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income could decrease. the applicable margin with respect to the loan under the revolving credit facility is a percentage per annum equal to a reference rate plus the applicable margin. in order to manage our exposure to interest rate risk, in the future we may enter into derivative financial instruments, typically interest rate swaps and caps, involving the exchange of floating for fixed rate interest payments. if we are unable to enter into interest rate swaps, it may adversely affect our cash flow and may impact our ability to make required principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness, which may not be successful.
our ability to make scheduled payments on or to refinance our debt obligations depends on our financial condition and operating performance, which is subject to prevailing economic and competitive conditions and to certain financial, business, and other factors beyond our control. we may not be able to maintain a level of cash flows from operating activities sufficient to permit us to pay the principal, and interest on our indebtedness.
31
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay investments and capital expenditures, or to sell assets, seek additional capital, or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. the terms of existing or future debt instruments, including the revolving credit facility, and the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes, may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. in addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which would harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations.
a lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies may increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital.
our debt currently has a non-investment grade rating, and there can be no assurance that any rating assigned by the rating agencies to our debt or our corporate rating will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in that rating agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant. a lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating agencies would likely increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital, which could have a materially adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
risks related to our common stock delaware law and our charter documents may impede or discourage a takeover, which could cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
we are a delaware corporation, and the anti-takeover provisions of delaware law impose various impediments to the ability of a third party to acquire control of us, even if a change in control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. in addition, our board of directors or a committee thereof has the power, without stockholder approval, to designate the terms of one or more series of preferred stock and issue shares of preferred stock. the ability of our board of directors or a committee thereof to create and issue a new series of preferred stock and certain provisions of delaware law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could impede a merger, takeover or other business combination involving us or discourage a potential acquirer from making a tender offer for our common stock, which, under certain circumstances, could reduce the market price of our common stock and the value of our convertible senior notes.
members of the molina family own a significant amount of our capital stock, decreasing the influence of other stockholders on stockholder decisions.
members of the molina family, either directly or as trustees or beneficiaries of molina family trusts, in the aggregate owned or were entitled to receive upon certain events approximately 26% of our capital stock as of december 31, 2015. our president and chief executive officer, as well as our chief financial officer, are members of the molina family, and they are also on our board of directors. because of the amount of their shareholdings, molina family members, if they were to act as a group with the trustees of their family trusts, have the ability to significantly influence all matters submitted to stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, amendments to our charter, and any merger, consolidation, or sale of our company. a significant concentration of share ownership can also adversely affect the trading price for our common stock because investors often discount the value of stock in companies that have controlling stockholders. furthermore, the concentration of share ownership in the molina family could delay or prevent a merger or consolidation, takeover, or other business combination that could be favorable to our stockholders. finally, the interests and objectives of the molina family may be different from those of our company or our other stockholders, and they may vote their common stock in a manner that is contrary to the vote of our other stockholders.
future sales of our common stock or equity-linked securities in the public market could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock and our ability to raise funds in new stock offerings.
we may issue equity securities in the future, or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, shares of our common stock. sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock or other equity securities, including sales of shares in connection with any future acquisitions, could be substantially dilutive to our stockholders. these sales may have a harmful effect on prevailing market prices for our common stock and our ability to raise additional capital in the financial markets at a time and price favorable to us. moreover, to the extent that we issue restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, options, or warrants to purchase our common stock in the future and those stock appreciation rights, options, or warrants are exercised or as the restricted stock units vest, our stockholders may experience further dilution. holders of our shares of common stock have no preemptive rights that entitle holders to purchase a pro rata share of any offering of shares of any class or series and, therefore, such sales or offerings could result in increased dilution to
32
our stockholders. our certificate of incorporation provides that we have authority to issue 150,000,000 shares of common stock and 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 56,000,000 shares of common stock and no shares of preferred or other capital stock were issued and outstanding.
it may be difficult for a third party to acquire us, which could inhibit stockholders from realizing a premium on their stock price.
we are subject to the delaware anti-takeover laws regulating corporate takeovers. these provisions may prohibit stockholders owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us. in addition, any change in control of our state health plans would require the approval of the applicable insurance regulator in each state in which we operate.
our certificate of incorporation and bylaws also contain provisions that could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of our company that stockholders may consider favorable or beneficial. these provisions could discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions. these provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. these provisions include:
•   a staggered board of directors, so that it would take three successive annual meetings to replace all directors,
•   prohibition of stockholder action by written consent, and
•   advance notice requirements for the submission by stockholders of nominations for election to the board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at a meeting.
in addition, changes of control are often subject to state regulatory notification, and in some cases, prior approval.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with items 6 and 8 of this form 10-k, selected financial data, and financial statements and supplementary data, respectively. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, including those set forth in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k, risk factors.
overview molina healthcare, inc. provides quality health care to people receiving government assistance. we offer cost-effective medicaid-related solutions to meet the health care needs of low-income families and individuals, and to assist government agencies in their administration of the medicaid program. we have three reportable segments. these segments include our health plans and molina medicaid solutions segments, which comprise the vast majority of our operations, and our other segment. as of december 31, 2015, we changed our reporting structure as a result of the pathways acquisition in november 2015, which is reported in other.
our health plans segment consists of health plans in 11 states and the commonwealth of puerto rico, and includes our direct delivery business. as of december 31, 2015, these health plans served over 3.5 million members eligible for medicaid, medicare, and other government-sponsored health care programs for low-income families and individuals. additionally, we serve health insurance marketplace members, most of whom receive government premium subsidies. the health plans are operated by our respective wholly owned subsidiaries in those states, each of which is licensed as a health maintenance organization (hmo). our direct delivery business consists primarily of the operation of primary care clinics in several states in which we operate.
our molina medicaid solutions segment provides business processing and information technology development and administrative services to medicaid agencies in idaho, louisiana, maine, new jersey, west virginia, and the u.s. virgin islands, and drug rebate administration services in florida.
our other segment includes other businesses, such as our pathways behavioral health and social services provider, that do not meet the quantitative thresholds for a reportable segment as defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), as well as corporate amounts not allocated to other reportable segments.
refer to part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 2, "significant accounting policies," for a comprehensive description of our health plans and molina medicaid solutions revenues and costs, and how we recognize them.we report revenue and costs attributable to pathways as service revenue and cost of service revenue, respectively.
beginning in 2013, after our medicaid contract with the state of missouri expired, we have reported the results relating to the missouri health plan as discontinued operations for all periods presented.  the following discussion and analysis, with the exception of cash flow information, is presented in the context of continuing operations unless otherwise noted.
fiscal year 2015 financial highlights
•   earnings per diluted share nearly doubled in 2015 when compared with 2014, while net income more than doubled. substantial increases in revenue, along with improved operating efficiency, were responsible for our improved performance. our after-tax margin increased to 1.0% in 2015 from 0.6% in 2014.
•   strong enrollment growth across all of our programs, combined with a 5% increase in premium revenue per member, generated over $4 billion, or 47%, more premium revenue in 2015 compared with 2014.
•   medical care costs as a percentage of premium revenue (the "medical care ratio") decreased to 89.1% in 2015, from 89.5% in 2014.
•   general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue (the "general and administrative expense ratio") increased slightly to 8.1% in 2015, versus 7.9% in 2014, primarily as a result of dramatic growth in our marketplace membership. excluding marketplace broker and exchange fees from both years, the general and administrative expense ratio decreased to 7.5% in 2015 from 7.9% in 2014.
•   debt and equity financing transactions generated net cash of $1,062 million.
40
market updates-health plans medicare-medicaid plans. to coordinate care for those who qualify to receive both medicare and medicaid services (the "dual eligible"), and to deliver services to these individuals in a more financially efficient manner, some states have undertaken demonstration programs to integrate medicare and medicaid services for dual eligible individuals. the health plans participating in such demonstrations are referred to as medicare-medicaid plans (mmps). we operate mmps in six states. our mmps in california, illinois, and ohio offered coverage beginning in 2014; our mmps in south carolina and texas offered coverage beginning in the first quarter of 2015; and our mmp in michigan offered coverage beginning in the second quarter of 2015. at december 31, 2015, our membership included approximately 51,000 integrated mmp members.
florida. on november 1, 2015, our florida health plan closed on its acquisition of the medicaid contracts, and certain assets related to operation of the medicaid business, of integral health plan, inc.
on august 1, 2015, our florida health plan closed on its acquisition of the medicaid contracts, and certain assets related to the operation of the medicaid business, of preferred medical plan, inc.
illinois. on january 1, 2016, our illinois health plan closed on its acquisition of the medicaid membership, and certain assets related to the medicaid business of, accountable care chicago, llc, also known as mycare chicago. we assumed approximately 58,000 medicaid members in this acquisition.
on january 1, 2016, our illinois health plan closed on its acquisition of the medicaid membership, and certain assets related to the medicaid business, of loyola physician partners, llc. we assumed approximately 21,000 medicaid members in this acquisition.
on november 30, 2015, we announced that our illinois health plan entered into an agreement to assume the membership and certain medicaid assets of better health network, llc (better health). as of november 30, 2015, better health served approximately 40,000 members in the medicaid family health program in cook county. subject to regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other closing conditions, we expect the transaction to close during the first half of 2016.
michigan. on january 1, 2016, our michigan health plan closed on its acquisition of the medicaid and michild membership, and certain medicaid and michild assets, of hap midwest health plan, inc. we assumed approximately 81,000 medicaid and michild members in this acquisition.
in october 2015, the michigan department of health and human services announced that molina healthcare of michigan was recommended to serve the state's medicaid members under michigan's comprehensive health plan, which commenced on january 1, 2016. the new contract has a five-year term with three one-year extensions, and covers regions 2 through 6, and 8 through 10 of the state, representing an expansion into 18 additional counties compared with the previous michigan medicaid contract.
on september 1, 2015, our michigan health plan closed on its acquisition of the medicaid and michild contracts, and certain provider agreements, of healthplus of michigan and its subsidiary, healthplus partners, inc.
puerto rico. effective april 1, 2015, our puerto rico health plan served its first members. as of december 31, 2015, our puerto rico plan enrollment amounted to approximately 348,000 members.
41
washington. in november 2015, our washington health plan was selected by the washington state health care authority (hca) to negotiate and enter into managed care contracts for the southwest region of the state's apple health fully integrated managed care program. the start date is scheduled for april 1, 2016.
on january 1, 2016, our washington health plan closed on its acquisition of the medicaid membership and certain medicaid assets of columbia united providers, inc. we assumed approximately 57,000 medicaid members in this acquisition.
market update-molina medicaid solutions new jersey. on april 9, 2015, the state of new jersey announced its selection of molina medicaid solutions to design and operate that state's new medicaid management information system (mmis). the new contract was effective may 1, 2015, and has a term of 10 years with three one-year renewal options. molina medicaid solutions was the state's incumbent mmis provider, and was awarded the new contract as a result of molina medicaid solutions' submission in response to the state of new jersey's request for proposals.
market update-other pathways. on november 1, 2015, we acquired all of the outstanding ownership interests in pathways health and community support llc (pathways), formerly known as providence human services, llc. pathways is one of the largest national providers of accessible, outcome-based behavioral/mental health and social services with operations in 23 states and the district of columbia.
42
financial performance summary the following table summarizes our financial and operating performance from continuing operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013. all dollar amounts are presented in millions, except per-share data.
year ended                                                   year ended december 31,             % change                            december 31,            % change
2015                                                                                       2014                           2014                2013
revenue:
premium revenue                                                 $13,241              $9,023              46.7      %          $9,023              $6,179             46.0      %
service revenue                                                     253                 210              20.5                    210                 205              2.4
premium tax revenue                                                 397                 294              35.0                    294                 172             70.9
health insurer fee revenue                                          264                 120             120.0                    120                   -                -
investment income                                                    18                   8             125.0                      8                   7             14.3
other revenue                                                         5                  12             (58.3      )              12                  26            (53.8      )
total revenue                                                    14,178               9,667              46.7                  9,667               6,589             46.7
operating expenses:
medical care costs                                               11,794               8,076              46.0                  8,076               5,380             50.1
cost of service revenue                                             193                 157              22.9                    157                 161             (2.5      )
general and administrative expenses                               1,146                 765              49.8                    765                 666             14.9
premium tax expenses                                                397                 294              35.0                    294                 172             70.9
health insurer fee expenses                                         157                  89              76.4                     89                   -                -
depreciation and amortization                                       104                  93              11.8                     93                  73             27.4
total operating expenses                                         13,791               9,474              45.6                  9,474               6,452             46.8
operating income                                                    387                 193             100.5                    193                 137             40.9
other expenses, net:
interest expense                                                     66                  57              15.8                     57                  52              9.6
other (income) expense, net                                          (1   )               1            (200.0      )               1                   4            (75.0      )
total other expenses, net                                            65                  58              12.1                     58                  56              3.6
income from continuing operations before income tax expense         322                 135             138.5                    135                  81             66.7
income tax expense                                                  179                  73             145.2                     73                  36            102.8
income from continuing operations                                  $143                 $62             130.6      %             $62                 $45             37.8      %
diluted net income per share, continuing operations (1)           $2.58               $1.30              98.5      %           $1.30               $0.96             35.4      %
diluted weighted average shares outstanding                          56                  48              16.7      %              48                  47              2.1      %
non-gaap measures: (2)
adjusted net income per share, continuing operations (1)(3)       $3.11               $1.93              61.1      %           $1.93               $1.55             24.5      %
ebitda                                                             $508                $305              66.6      %            $305                $225             35.6      %
operating statistics: (1)
medical care ratio (4)                                             89.1   %            89.5   %                                 89.5   %            87.1   %
service revenue ratio (5)                                          76.4   %            74.6   %                                 74.6   %            79.0   %
general and administrative expense ratio (6)                        8.1   %             7.9   %                                  7.9   %            10.1   %
premium tax ratio (4)                                               2.9   %             3.2   %                                  3.2   %             2.7   %
effective tax rate                                                 55.5   %            53.8   %                                 53.8   %            44.8   %
net profit margin (6)                                               1.0   %             0.6   %                                  0.6   %             0.7   %
____________
(1)   source data for calculations of per-share amounts and ratios in thousands.
(2)   see reconciliation of non-gaap financial measures to u.s. gaap below.
(3)   effective january 1, 2016, we will no longer exclude amortization of convertible notes and lease financing obligations from our presentation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share. we made this change because various capital transactions that we completed in 2015 reduced our relative reliance on convertible notes and lease financing as sources of capital. we believe that this change will enhance the comparability of these non-gaap measures with the corresponding non-gaap measures used by our competitors.
(4)   medical care ratio represents medical care costs as a percentage of premium revenue; premium tax ratio represents premium tax expenses as a percentage of premium revenue plus premium tax revenue.
(5)   service revenue ratio represents cost of service revenue as a percentage of service revenue.
(6)   computed as a percentage of total revenue.
43
the following tables set forth our health plans segment membership as of the dates indicated:
as of december 31,
2015                                                                        2014                  2013
ending membership by health plan:
california                                                   620,000               531,000               368,000
florida                                                      440,000               164,000                89,000
illinois                                                      98,000               100,000                 4,000
michigan                                                     328,000               242,000               213,000
new mexico                                                   231,000               212,000               168,000
ohio                                                         327,000               347,000               255,000
puerto rico (1)                                              348,000                     -                     -
south carolina (2)                                            99,000               118,000                     -
texas                                                        260,000               245,000               252,000
utah                                                         102,000                83,000                86,000
washington                                                   582,000               497,000               403,000
wisconsin                                                     98,000                84,000                93,000
3,533,000             2,623,000             1,931,000
ending membership by program:
temporary assistance for needy families (tanf), chip (3)   2,312,000             1,809,000             1,603,000
medicaid expansion (4)                                       557,000               385,000                     -
aged, blind or disabled (abd)                                366,000               347,000               289,000
marketplace (4)                                              205,000                15,000                     -
medicare-medicaid plan (mmp) - integrated (5)                 51,000                18,000                     -
medicare special needs plans (medicare)                       42,000                49,000                39,000
3,533,000             2,623,000             1,931,000
___________________________________
(1)   our puerto rico health plan began serving members effective april 1, 2015.
(2)   our south carolina health plan began serving members under the state of south carolina's new full-risk medicaid managed care program effective january 1, 2014.
(3)   chip stands for children's health insurance program.
(4)   medicaid expansion membership phased in, and the marketplace became available for consumers to access coverage, beginning january 1, 2014.
(5)   mmp members who receive both medicaid and medicare coverage from molina healthcare.
non-gaap financial measures we use the following non-gaap financial measures as supplemental metrics in evaluating our financial performance, making financing and business decisions, and forecasting and planning for future periods. for these reasons, management believes such measures are useful supplemental measures to investors in comparing our performance and the performance of other companies in the health care industry. these non-gaap financial measures should be considered as supplements to, and not substitutes for or superior to, gaap measures.
the first of these non-gaap measures is earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or ebitda. the following table reconciles net income, which we believe to be the most comparable gaap measure, to ebitda. the increases in ebitda for both 2015 over 2014, and 2014 over 2013, were due primarily to increased net income and income taxes. the increases for both of these items are described below in results of operations, in the components of net income.
44
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                       2014                2013
(in millions)
net income                                                                        $143                 $62                 $53
adjustments:
depreciation, and amortization of intangible assets and capitalized software       120                 114                  94
interest expense                                                                    66                  57                  52
income tax expense                                                                 179                  72                  26
ebitda                                                                            $508                $305                $225
the second of these non-gaap measures is adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share, continuing operations. the following tables reconcile net income and net income per diluted share from continuing operations, which we believe to be the most comparable gaap measures, to adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share, continuing operations. the increases in adjusted net income and adjusted net income per diluted share for both 2015 over 2014, and 2014 over 2013, were due primarily to increased net income. such increases are described below in results of operations, in the components of net income.
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                                           2014                                    2013
(in millions, except diluted per-share amounts)
net income, continuing operations                                             $143               $2.58                 $62               $1.30                 $45               $0.96
adjustments, net of tax:
amortization of convertible senior notes and lease financing obligations        19                0.33                  17                0.36                  14                0.31
amortization of intangible assets                                               11                0.20                  13                0.27                  13                0.28
adjusted net income per diluted share, continuing operations (1)(2)           $173               $3.11                 $92               $1.93                 $72               $1.55
________________________
(1)   beginning in the first quarter of 2015, we revised the calculation of adjusted net income, continuing operations. we no longer subtract "depreciation, and amortization of capitalized software" and "share-based compensation" from net income, continuing operations to arrive at adjusted net income, continuing operations. we have made this change to better reflect how we evaluate financial performance, make financing and business decisions, and forecast and plans for future periods. all periods presented conform to this presentation.
(2)   effective january 1, 2016, we will no longer exclude amortization of convertible notes and lease financing obligations from our presentation of adjusted net income and adjusted net income per share. we made this change because various capital transactions that we completed in 2015 reduced our relative reliance on convertible notes and lease financing as sources of capital. we believe that this change will enhance the comparability of these non-gaap measures with the corresponding non-gaap measures used by our competitors.
results of operations, continuing operations as described above, as of december 31, 2015, we changed our reporting structure as a result of the pathways acquisition in november 2015. the following table presents gross margin as the appropriate earnings measure for our reportable segments, based on how our chief operating decision maker currently reviews results, assesses performance, and allocates resources.
gross margin for our health plans segment is referred to as "medical margin," and for our molina medicaid solutions and other segments, as "service margin." medical margin represents the actual dollars earned by the health plans segment after medical costs are deducted from premium revenue. the medical care ratio represents the amount of medical care costs as a percentage of premium revenue. one of the key metrics used to assess the performance of the health plans segment is the medical care ratio; therefore, the underlying medical margin is the most important measure of earnings reviewed by the chief operating decision maker. the service margin is equal to service revenue minus cost of service revenue.
45
year ended december 31,
2015                                             2014                  2013
(in millions)
health plans:
premium revenue                   $13,241                $9,023                $6,179
less: medical care costs           11,794                 8,076                 5,380
medical margin                     $1,447                  $947                  $799
molina medicaid solutions:
service revenue                      $195                  $210                  $205
less: cost of service revenue         140        157                   161
service margin                        $55                   $53                   $44
other:
service revenue                       $58                    $-                    $-
less: cost of service revenue          53                     -                     -
service margin                         $5                    $-                    $-
health plans segment premium revenue. our health plans segment derives its revenue, in the form of premiums, chiefly from medicaid contracts with the states in which our health plans operate, and, to a lesser degree, from medicare contracts entered into with the centers for medicare and medicaid services (cms), a federal government agency.
2015 compared with 2014
in 2015, a 42% increase in membership and a 5% increase in revenue pmpm resulted in increased premium revenue of 47%, or over $4.2 billion, when compared with 2014.
enrollment growth was primarily due to increased medicaid expansion, marketplace and integrated medicare-medicaid plan (mmp) enrollment, and the start-up of the puerto rico health plan in april 2015.
2014 compared with 2013
in 2014, premium revenue increased 46% over 2013, due to a 28% increase in membership, and an 18% increase in revenue pmpm.
enrollment growth was primarily due to medicaid expansion program membership added as a result of the affordable care act, and membership added at our south carolina and illinois health plans. higher pmpm premium revenue was primarily the result of the inclusion of long-term services and supports (ltss) benefits in various medicaid managed care programs in california, florida, illinois, new mexico, and ohio.
premiums by program. the amount of the premiums paid to us may vary substantially between states and among various government programs. the following table sets forth the ranges of premiums paid to our state health plans by program, on a per-member per-month basis for the year ended december 31, 2015. the "consolidated" column represents the weighted-average amounts for our total membership by program.
pmpm premiums low                   high              consolidated tanf, chip               $120.00                $280.00                $180.00
medicaid expansion        310.00                 500.00                 410.00
abd                       470.00               1,470.00                 970.00
marketplace               180.00                 400.00                 250.00
mmp - integrated        1,170.00               3,220.00               2,030.00
medicare                  900.00               1,110.00               1,040.00
46
medical care costs. our medical care costs include amounts that have been paid by us through the reporting date as well as estimated liabilities for medical care costs incurred but not paid by us as of the reporting date. see "critical accounting estimates" below, and item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 11, "medical claims and benefits payable," for further information on how we estimate such liabilities.
2015 compared with 2014
our medical margin increased nearly 53% in 2015 over 2014, and our consolidated medical care ratio decreased to 89.1% in 2015 from 89.5% in 2014.
2014 compared with 2013
although medical margin increased nearly 20% in 2014 over 2013, our consolidated medical care ratio increased to 89.5% in 2014 from 87.1% in 2013.
the medical care ratio increased substantially in 2014 as a result of three developments:
•   much of our revenue growth has come from participation in medicaid programs covering ltss. percentage profit margins for ltss benefits are generally lower than percentage profit margins for acute medical benefits.
•   increases to our base premiums in recent years have not kept pace with medical cost trends.
•   lack of coordination in the design of profit caps and medical cost floors in some of our state medicaid contracts is resulting in counterproductive outcomes. in some instances, givebacks due to profitable performance in one program cannot be offset against losses in other programs.
medical care costs by category. the following table provides the details of consolidated medical care costs by category for the periods indicated (dollars in millions except pmpm amounts):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                           2014                                                        2013
amount                pmpm          % oftotal               amount                pmpm          % oftotal               amount                pmpm          % oftotal fee for service      $8,572              $218.35            72.7      %          $5,673              $202.87            70.2      %          $3,612              $160.43            67.1      %
pharmacy              1,610                41.01            13.7                  1,273                45.54            15.8                    935                41.54            17.4
capitation              982                25.02             8.3                    748                26.77             9.3                    604                26.83            11.2
direct delivery         128                 3.26             1.1                     96                 3.44             1.2                     48                 2.14             0.9
other                   502                12.79             4.2                    286                10.22             3.5                    181                 8.05             3.4
$11,794              $300.43           100.0      %          $8,076              $288.84           100.0      %          $5,380              $238.99           100.0      %
financial performance by program. the following table presents the components of premium revenue and medical care costs by program.
year ended december 31, 2015 (1)
membermonths(2)                              premium revenue                           medical care costs           mcr(3)           medical margin total                   pmpm                 total                   pmpm tanf and chip           25.5                    $4,483                 $175.64               $4,122                 $161.50            92.0     %              $361
medicaid expansion       5.9                     2,389        408.51                          1,931                  330.18            80.8                     458
abd                      4.3                     4,124        966.83                          3,784                  887.27            91.8                     340
marketplace              2.6             652                  251.96                            481                  185.85            73.8                     171
mmp                      0.5                     1,063                2,034.51                  974                1,863.93            91.6                      89
medicare                 0.5             530                          1,038.15                  502                  982.50            94.6                      28
39.3                                           $13,241                 $337.28              $11,794                 $300.43            89.1     %            $1,447
_______________________
(1)   year ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 data not presented due to lack of comparability.
(2)   a member month is defined as the aggregate of each month's ending membership for the period presented.
(3)   "mcr" represents medical costs as a percentage of premium revenue.
47
financial performance by state health plan. the following tables summarize member months, premium revenue, medical care costs, medical care ratio, and medical margin by state health plan for the periods indicated (pmpm amounts are in whole dollars; member months and other dollar amounts are in millions):
year ended december 31, 2015
membermonths                            premium revenue                         medical care costs           mcr           medical margin total                  pmpm                total                  pmpm california              7.1                   $2,200               $310.89               $1,926               $272.22           87.6   %              $274
florida                 4.1                    1,199                289.85                1,081                261.49           90.2                   118
illinois                1.2                      397                328.93                  367                303.72           92.3                    30
michigan                3.4                    1,067                317.15                  903                268.27           84.6                   164
new mexico              2.8                    1,237                446.27                1,106                398.98           89.4                   131
ohio                    4.1                    2,034                499.34                1,718                421.61           84.4                   316
puerto rico (1)         3.2                      567                178.31                  505                158.80           89.1                    62
south carolina (1)      1.3                      348                267.25                  278                213.30           79.8                    70
texas                   3.1                    1,961                621.37                1,809                573.32           92.3                   152
utah                    1.2                      331                286.22                  300                259.32           90.6                    31
washington              6.6                    1,602                242.36                1,470                222.36           91.7                   132
wisconsin               1.2                      261                213.48                  215                176.01           82.4                    46
other (2)                 -                       37                     -                  116                     -              -                   (79      )
39.3                                         $13,241               $337.28              $11,794               $300.43           89.1   %            $1,447
year ended december 31, 2014
membermonths                            premium revenue                         medical care costs           mcr           medical margin total                  pmpm                total                  pmpm california              5.6                   $1,523               $270.51               $1,269               $225.37           83.3   %              $254
florida                 1.1                      439                397.79                  419                379.95           95.5                    20
illinois                0.3                      153                498.48                  141                456.88           91.7                    12
michigan                2.8                      781                278.68                  661                235.81           84.6                   120
new mexico              2.5                    1,076                435.17                  996                402.92           92.6                    80
ohio                    3.7                    1,553                425.47                1,335                365.87           86.0                   218
puerto rico (1)           -                        -                     -                    -                     -              -                     -
south carolina (1)      1.5                      381                260.72                  323                220.89           84.7                    58
texas                   3.0                    1,318                442.32                1,197                401.81           90.8                   121
utah                    1.0                      310                310.64                  285                286.43           92.2                    25
washington              5.5                    1,305                236.27                1,219                220.75           93.4                    86
wisconsin               1.0                      156                150.87                  136                130.91           86.8                    20
other (2)                 -                       28                     -                   95                     -              -                   (67      )
28.0                                          $9,023               $322.68               $8,076               $288.84           89.5   %              $947
48
year ended december 31, 2013
membermonths                              premium revenue                           medical care costs           mcr           medical margin total                   pmpm                 total                   pmpm california              4.2                     $750                 $177.10                 $667                 $157.46           88.9   %               $83
florida                 1.0                      265                  272.23                  231                  237.57           87.3                    34
illinois                  -                        8                1,201.34                    8                1,164.10           96.9                     -
michigan                2.6                      676                  261.91                  571                  221.09           84.4                   105
new mexico              1.5                      447                  299.36                  384                  257.62           86.1                    63
ohio                    3.0                    1,099                  365.44                  925                  307.53           84.2                   174
puerto rico (1)           -                        -                       -                    -                       -              -                     -
south carolina (1)        -                        -                       -                    -                       -              -                     -
texas                   3.2                    1,291                  406.27                1,115                  350.84           86.4                   176
utah                    1.0                      311                  299.05                  259                  249.51           83.4                    52
washington              4.9                    1,168                  236.47                1,028                  208.10           88.0                   140
wisconsin               1.1                      143                  135.40                  114                  107.91           79.7                    29
other (2)                 -                       21                       -                   78                       -              -                   (57      )
22.5                                          $6,179                 $274.48               $5,380                 $238.99           87.1   %              $799
______________________________
(1)   our puerto rico health plan began serving members effective april 1, 2015. our south carolina health plan began serving members under the state of south carolina's new full-risk medicaid managed care program effective january 1, 2014.
(2)   "other" medical care costs include primarily medically related administrative costs of the parent company, and direct delivery costs.
individual health plan analysis
2015 compared with 2014
california. premium revenue grew $677 million, or 44%, in 2015 compared with 2014, the result of higher membership. overall, enrollment on a member-month basis increased 31% in 2015 compared with 2014. increased premium revenue was also driven by a 15% increase in premium revenue pmpm, which was the result of the higher relative premium revenue pmpm among those programs experiencing enrollment growth (medicaid expansion and mmp); and the addition of long-term care benefits to some of the california health plan's medicaid membership. the medical care ratio increased to 87.6% in 2015, from 83.3% in 2014. during 2014, the plan benefited from the recognition of approximately $23 million in premium revenue and medical margin that related to 2013, as a result of certain programmatic changes implemented by the state of california. absent this benefit, the medical care ratio of the california plan would have been 84.6% in 2014.
florida. premium revenue grew to $1,199 million in 2015, from $439 million in 2014, due to increased marketplace membership. the medical care ratio decreased to 90.2% in 2015, from 95.5% in 2014, due to the lower medical care ratio of the marketplace membership more than offsetting an increase in the medical care ratio for the medicaid program.
illinois. premium revenue grew to $397 million in 2015, from $153 million in 2014, due to significant membership growth in late 2014. the medical care ratio increased to 92.3% in 2015, from 91.7% in 2014.
michigan. premium revenue grew $286 million, or 37%, in 2015 compared with 2014, due to increased medicaid expansion membership and the startup of the mmp program. the medical care ratio of 84.6% for 2015 was unchanged from 2014.
new mexico. premium revenue grew $161 million, or 15%, in 2015 compared with 2014, due to substantial increases in membership in all medicaid programs. the medical care ratio decreased to 89.4% in 2015, from 92.6% in 2014, due to improved profitability for the abd and medicaid expansion programs.
ohio. premium revenue grew $481 million, or 31%, in 2015 compared with 2014, due to growth in membership within the medicaid expansion, and mmp programs. the medical care ratio decreased to 84.4% in 2015, from 86.0% in 2014, due to lower medical care ratios in these newer programs, as well as abd.
puerto rico. the puerto rico health plan began serving members on april 1, 2015, and finished the year with a medical care ratio of 89.1%. see further discussion below, under financial condition, regarding the commonwealth of puerto rico.
49
south carolina. the medical care ratio decreased to 79.8% in 2015, from 84.7% in 2014. we believe that medical care ratios below 80% are not sustainable over time, and that the performance of the south carolina health plan in 2014 is more representative of its likely long-term performance than are its financial results for 2015.
texas. premium revenue grew $643 million, or 49%, in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to the addition of abd members receiving nursing facility benefits effective march 1, 2015, and the start-up of the texas mmp program on that date. the medical care ratio increased to 92.3% in 2015, from 90.8% in 2014, primarily as a result of lower percentage margins on premiums to support nursing home services. as previously disclosed, we are unable to recognize certain quality related revenue in texas because we do not have historical information, clear definitions, and clarity around minimum standards.
utah. the medical care ratio of the utah health plan decreased to 90.6% in 2015, from 92.2% in 2014, primarily due to improved financial performance of the plan's medicare program.
washington. premium revenue grew $297 million, or 23%, in 2015 when compared with 2014, primarily due to growth in medicaid expansion membership. the medical care ratio decreased to 91.7% in 2015, from 93.4% in 2014, as a lower medical care ratio for the abd program more than offset a higher medical care ratio in the tanf and medicaid expansion programs.
wisconsin. premium revenue grew $105 million, or 67%, in 2015 compared with 2014 as a result of increased marketplace enrollment. the medical care ratio decreased to 82.4% in 2015, from 86.8% in 2014, primarily as a result of improvement in the financial performance of the wisconsin health plan's medicaid program.
2014 compared with 2013
california. the medical care ratio for the california health plan decreased significantly to 83.3% in 2014 from 88.9% in 2013. additionally, medical margin improved $171 million when compared with 2013. this improvement was the result of higher enrollment, primarily due to the addition of approximately 107,000 medicaid expansion members; and premium increases effective october 1, 2013 (2.5%), and july 1, 2014 (5.5%). during 2014, the plan benefited from the recognition of approximately $23 million in premium revenue and medical margin that related to 2013 as a result of certain programmatic changes implemented by the state of california. in 2013, the plan recognized approximately $32 million of premium revenue related to 2012 and earlier years as a result of retroactive rate increases from the state of california. the plan served its first mmp members in 2014.
florida. due to the re-procurement undertaken by the florida agency for health care administration starting in 2014, the florida health plan transitioned many of its members to other health plans in the second quarter of 2014, and then added approximately 105,000 members in the second half of 2014, both from the addition of new service areas and through acquisitions. although revenue increased approximately 66% at the plan for the year ended december 31, 2014, when compared with 2013, profitability fell in 2014. the higher medical care costs were the result of 1) the assumption of risk for ltss benefits for certain members effective december 2013 (as noted above percentage profit margins for ltss benefits are generally less than those for other benefits); and 2) our inability to recognize revenue related to a rate increase effective september 1, 2014, as a result of those rates not being finalized prior to year end.
illinois. the medical care ratio for the illinois health plan decreased to 91.7% in 2014, from 96.9% in 2013. the plan experienced significant growth in 2014; enrollment increased approximately 96,000 members overall, with 78,000 members added in the fourth quarter alone. this growth occurred primarily within the traditional tanf program, and to a lesser degree within the medicaid expansion program. the illinois health plan served its first mmp members in 2014.
michigan. the medical care ratio of the michigan health plan was consistent year over year, at 84.6% in 2014, compared with 84.4% in 2013.
new mexico. premium revenue at the new mexico health plan increased 141% for 2014 compared with 2013, primarily as a result of the addition of medicaid behavioral health and ltss benefits effective january 1, 2014, and the addition of approximately 54,000 medicaid expansion members during the course of 2014. the medical care ratio of the plan increased to 92.6% in 2014, from 86.1% in 2013. the higher medical care ratio was the result of: 1) the assumption of risk for ltss benefits effective january 1, 2014; and 2) premium rates effective january 1, 2014 that did not keep pace with the increase in medical costs in 2014.
ohio. the medical care ratio of the ohio health plan increased to 86.0% in 2014, from 84.2% in 2013, primarily due to the increase in medicaid expansion enrollment (which is incurring a medical care ratio slightly in excess of the plan's traditional experience), and the initiation of the ohio mmp.
south carolina. the south carolina health plan began serving members on january 1, 2014, and finished the year with a medical care ratio of 84.7%.
texas. financial performance at the texas health plan declined in 2014, when compared with 2013. the medical care ratio of the texas health plan increased to 90.8% in 2014, from 86.4% in 2013. our inability to recognize a portion of the plan's quality
50
revenue reduced income before taxes by approximately $26 million, or $0.33 per diluted share, for the year ended december 31, 2014. approximately $20 million of this amount is related to measures for which we lack sufficient information to calculate our compliance. removing quality revenue and profit-sharing adjustments would have resulted in a medical care ratio of approximately 88% in 2014 and 86% in 2013.
utah. the medical care ratio of the utah health plan increased to 92.2% in 2014, from 83.4% in 2013, due to deteriorating margins for both medicaid and medicare products.
washington. financial performance at the washington health plan declined in 2014, when compared with 2013.the medical care ratio of the plan increased to 93.4% in 2014, compared with 88.0% in 2013, primarily due to the high cost of medical services relative to revenue for members served under the state's program for abd members. the plan added approximately 102,000 medicaid expansion members in 2014. the plan received a blended rate increase of approximately 3% effective january 1, 2015. for the plan's abd membership, the rate increase effective january 1, 2015 was 11%.
wisconsin. the medical care ratio of the wisconsin health plan increased to 86.8% in 2014, compared with 79.7% in 2013.
molina medicaid solutions segment
2015 compared with 2014
service revenue declined $15 million in 2015 compared with 2014, primarily due to an extension of the idaho contract under which we are now amortizing certain deferred revenues over a longer term. service margin was consistent between 2015 and 2014, with 2015 showing a $2 million increase.
2014 compared with 2013
service margin improved $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with 2013, primarily the result of increased revenues due to higher medicaid transaction volumes and lower cost of services overall.
other segment our other segment includes other businesses, such as our pathways behavioral health and social services provider, that do not meet the quantitative thresholds for a reportable segment as defined by u.s. generally accepted accounting principles (gaap), as well as corporate amounts not allocated to other reportable segments. the other segment service margin for the year ended december 31, 2015, was insignificant.
consolidated expenses general and administrative expenses. general and administrative expenses increased slightly to 8.1% of revenue in 2015, from 7.9% in 2014, primarily the result of dramatic growth in our marketplace membership. excluding marketplace broker and exchange fees from both years, the general and administrative expense ratio decreased to 7.5% in 2015 from 7.9% in 2014.
general and administrative expenses decreased to 7.9% of revenue in 2014, from 10.1% in 2013. the significant decline in the ratio of general and administrative expenses relative to total revenue was primarily the result of improved leverage of fixed administrative expenses over higher total revenue.
premium tax expense. the premium tax ratio (premium tax expense as a percentage of premium revenue plus premium tax revenue) decreased to 2.9% in 2015, from 3.2% in 2014. this decrease was primarily due to the current year increase in mmp revenues, which are not subject to premium taxes.
the premium tax ratio increased to 3.2% in 2014, from 2.7% in 2013. in june 2014, the state of michigan instituted a 6% use tax on medical premiums. that state agreed to fund this tax through rate increases; as a result, we recorded approximately $30 million in additional premium revenue in 2014, as well as corresponding premium tax expense.
health insurer fee (hif) revenue and expenses. for our medicaid program, actuarial standards require that we be reimbursed by state medicaid agencies for both the expense associated with the hif and the absence of tax deductibility for that expense. during 2015, we secured full reimbursement for our expenses under the hif (including the absence of tax deductibility) and as a result hif revenue, as a percentage of premium revenue, increased to 2.0% in 2015, from 1.3% in 2014. during 2015, we recognized approximately $20 million of hif premium revenue meant to reimburse us for the cost of hif expense recognized in 2014. health insurer fee expenses, as a percentage of premium revenue, were 1.2% in 2015, compared with 1.0% in 2014.
in addition, both hif revenue and expenses increased over the prior year proportionally to the increase in the total hif tax base, which is assessed to all insurers. this base increased to $11.3 billion in 2015, from $8.0 billion in 2014. refer to "liquidity and capital resources-financial condition" below, for further discussion of the hif.
51
depreciation and amortization. the following table presents all depreciation and amortization recorded in our consolidated statements of income, regardless of whether the item appears as depreciation and amortization, a reduction of revenue, or as cost of service revenue.
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                                                              2014
amount          % of totalrevenue              amount          % of totalrevenue
(dollar amounts in millions)
depreciation, and amortization of capitalized software, continuing operations       $87                  0.6          %            $75                  0.8          %
amortization of intangible assets, continuing operations                             17                  0.1                        18                  0.2
depreciation and amortization, continuing operations                                104                  0.7                        93                  1.0
amortization recorded as reduction of service revenue                                 1                    -                         3                    -
amortization of capitalized software recorded as cost of service revenue             21                  0.1                        38                  0.4
depreciation and amortization reported in statement of cash flows                  $126                  0.8          %           $134                  1.4          %
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                                                                                                              2013
amount          % of totalrevenue              amount          % of totalrevenue
(dollar amounts in millions)
depreciation, and amortization of capitalized software, continuing operations       $75                  0.8          %            $55                  0.8          %
amortization of intangible assets, continuing operations                             18                  0.2                        18                  0.3
depreciation and amortization, continuing operations                                 93                  1.0                        73                  1.1
amortization recorded as reduction of service revenue                                 3                    -                         3                    -
amortization of capitalized software recorded as cost of service revenue             38                  0.4                        18                  0.3
depreciation and amortization reported in statement of cash flows                  $134                  1.4          %            $94                  1.4          %
interest expense. interest expense increased to $66 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $57 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase was due primarily to our issuance of $700 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes (5.375% notes) due november 15, 2022, in the fourth quarter of 2015. for further details regarding this transaction, please refer to item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, in note 12, "debt."
interest expense increased to $57 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with $52 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase was due primarily to our 3.75% notes exchange transaction and related issuance of 1.625% notes in 2014, and lease financing transactions executed in 2013. for further details regarding these transactions, please refer to item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, in note 12, "debt."
interest expense includes non-cash interest expense relating to the amortization of the discount on our long-term debt obligations, which amounted to $30 million, $27 million and $23 million for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
we expect interest expense to continue to increase in the future due to interest on the 5.375% notes which were issued in november 2015.
income taxes. the provision for income taxes in continuing operations is recorded at an effective rate of 55.5% for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with 53.8% for the year ended december 31, 2014. the effective tax rate for 2015 is higher than 2014 primarily as a result of certain discrete tax benefits recorded in 2014 that were not recurring in 2015.
the provision for income taxes in continuing operations was recorded at an effective rate of 53.8% for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared with 44.8% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase is primarily due to the nondeductible health insurer fee in 2014 that did not exist in 2013.
52
liquidity and capital resources introduction we manage our cash, investments, and capital structure to meet the short- and long-term obligations of our business while maintaining liquidity and financial flexibility. we forecast, analyze, and monitor our cash flows to enable prudent investment management and financing within the confines of our financial strategy.
our regulated subsidiaries generate significant cash flows from premium revenue. such cash flows are our primary source of liquidity. thus, any future decline in our profitability may have a negative impact on our liquidity. we generally receive premium revenue a short time before we pay for the related health care services. a majority of the assets held by our regulated subsidiaries are in the form of cash, cash equivalents, and investments. after considering expected cash flows from operating activities, we generally invest cash of regulated subsidiaries that exceeds our expected short-term obligations in longer term, investment-grade, and marketable debt securities to improve our overall investment return. these investments are made pursuant to board approved investment policies which conform to applicable state laws and regulations.
our investment policies are designed to provide liquidity, preserve capital, and maximize total return on invested assets, all in a manner consistent with state requirements that prescribe the types of instruments in which our subsidiaries may invest. these investment policies require that our investments have final maturities of 10 years or less (excluding variable rate securities, for which interest rates are periodically reset) and that the average maturity be three years or less. professional portfolio managers operating under documented guidelines manage our investments and a portion of our cash equivalents. our portfolio managers must obtain our prior approval before selling investments where the loss position of those investments exceeds certain levels. as of december 31, 2015, a substantial portion of our cash was invested in a portfolio of highly liquid money market securities, and our investments consisted primarily of investment-grade debt securities. all of our investments are classified as current assets, except for our restricted investments, which are classified as non-current assets. our restricted investments are invested principally in certificates of deposit and u.s. treasury securities.
investment income increased to $18 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared with $8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily due to the increase in invested assets. our annualized portfolio yields for the year ended december 31, 2015 was 0.5%, and for both years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, was 0.4%.
investments and restricted investments are subject to interest rate risk and will decrease in value if market rates increase. we have the ability to hold our restricted investments until maturity. declines in interest rates over time will reduce our investment income.
cash in excess of the capital needs of our regulated health plans is generally paid to our unregulated parent company in the form of dividends, when and as permitted by applicable regulations, for general corporate use. we received $125 million in dividends from our regulated health plan subsidiaries, and $17 million in dividends from our unregulated subsidiaries during 2015. we did not receive any dividends from our regulated health plan subsidiaries during the year ended december 31, 2014, because significant growth across all of our health plans necessitated that the plans retain their cash to meet increasing net worth requirements. see further discussion in item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 19, "commitments and contingencies," under the subheading "regulatory capital and dividend restrictions," and note 22, "condensed financial information of registrant," under "note c - dividends and capital contributions."
liquidity a condensed schedule of cash flows to facilitate our discussion of liquidity follows:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                        2014                2013                       2014 to 2015 change            2013 to 2014 change
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities      $1,125              $1,060              $190                       $65                           $870
net cash used in investing activities          (1,420   )            (536   )          (543   )                  (884        )   7
net cash provided by financing activities       1,085       79                  493                             1,006                           (414        )
net increase in cash and cash equivalents        $790                $603              $140                      $187                           $463
operating activities. cash provided by operating activities was $1,125 million in 2015 compared with $1,060 million in 2014, an increase of $65 million. this increase was due primarily to increased net income of $81 million, and collection of premiums receivable at our california health plan in the first quarter of 2015. these sources of cash were partially offset by:
•   a decrease in amounts due to government agencies of $268 million, primarily due to a fourth quarter 2015 medicaid expansion-related payment to the state of washington's medicaid authority of $247 million. changes in this account
53
relate primarily to health plans segment programs that contain medical cost floors or medical cost corridors. under such programs, a portion of certain medicaid, medicare, and marketplace premiums received by our health plans may be returned if certain minimum amounts are not spent on defined medical care costs; and
•   the change in medical claims and benefits payable, which resulted in the use of $49 million, primarily because membership and related medical costs grew at a higher rate in 2014 than in 2015, resulting in a lower year-over-year change in 2015.
in 2014, cash provided by operating activities was $1,060 million compared with $190 million for 2013, an increase of $870 million. this increase was primarily due to a $442 million increase in amounts due to government agencies because of a significant increase in amounts accrued for medical cost floor contract provisions, primarily associated with our medicaid expansion membership. in addition, medical claims and benefits payable increased $356 million due to significant membership growth in 2014.
investing activities. cash used in investing activities increased to $1,420 million in 2015, compared with $536 million in 2014, an increase of $884 million. this increase was due in part to higher purchases of investments, net of sales and maturities, amounting to $477 million, a result of cash generated from 2015 financing activities, described below.
in addition, cash paid for business acquisitions increased $406 million. as described in item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 1 ,"basis of presentation," we closed several business acquisitions in 2015. additionally, we announced several health plans acquisitions in 2015 that did not close until january 1, 2016. because the closing dates for these acquisitions fell on january 1, 2016, a holiday, approximately $101 million was recorded to prepaid expenses and other assets as of december 31, 2015, for purchase price amounts funded in december 2015. such amounts are reported in investing activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows.
in 2014, cash used in investing activities was $536 million, comparable with $543 million in 2013.
financing activities. cash provided by financing activities was $1,085 million in 2015, primarily due to net proceeds from our fiscal 2015 offerings of 5.375% notes, amounting to $689 million, and common stock, amounting to $373 million. in 2014, cash provided by financing activities was $79 million, which included primarily $123 million net proceeds from our fiscal 2014 offering of 1.625% notes, partially offset by $50 million paid to settle contingent consideration liabilities associated with our 2013 business acquisitions. in 2013, net proceeds from our 1.125% notes offering and lease financing transactions provided $623 million, which was partially offset by $53 million used to purchase treasury stock and $88 million to repay debt.
financial condition we believe that our cash resources and internally generated funds will be sufficient to support our operations, regulatory requirements, and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months.
on a consolidated basis, at december 31, 2015, our working capital was $1,484 million compared with $1,028 million at december 31, 2014. at december 31, 2015, our cash and investments amounted to $4,241 million, compared with $2,666 million of cash and investments at december 31, 2014.
regulatory capital. our health plans, which are operated by our respective wholly owned subsidiaries in those states, are subject to state laws and regulations that, among other things, require the maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, as defined by each state. regulators in some states may also attempt to enforce capital requirements upon us that require the retention of net worth in excess of amounts formally required by statute or regulation. such statutes, regulations and informal capital requirements also restrict the timing, payment, and amount of dividends and other distributions that may be paid to us as the sole stockholder. to the extent our subsidiaries must comply with these regulations, they may not have the financial flexibility to transfer funds to us.
based upon current statutes and regulations, the net assets in these subsidiaries (after intercompany eliminations) which may not be transferable to us in the form of loans, advances, or cash dividends was approximately $1,229 million at december 31, 2015, and $859 million at december 31, 2014. because of the statutory restrictions that inhibit the ability of our health plans to transfer net assets to us, the amount of retained earnings readily available to pay dividends to our stockholders is generally limited to cash, cash equivalents and investments held by the parent company - molina healthcare, inc. such cash, cash equivalents and investments amounted to $612 million and $203 million as of december 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
debt ratings. our 5.375% notes are rated "bb" by standard & poor's, and "ba3" by moody's investor service, inc. a significant downgrade in our ratings could adversely affect our borrowing capacity and costs.
health insurer fee. effective january 1, 2014, the aca requires most health plans to pay a fee based on premium revenue (the health insurer fee, or hif). the hif is not tax deductible. actuarial standards require that states reimburse us for the hif we incur related to medicaid revenue, in addition to paying us a "tax gross up" to compensate us for incremental income taxes we pay because the hif is not tax deductible. during 2015, we secured full reimbursement for our expenses under the hif.
54
the following table provides the details of our hif revenue reimbursement by health plan to date in 2015 (in millions):
hif reimbursement revenue, gross(1)
year ended december 31, 2015
recognized           necessary for full reimbursement q1 2015            q2 2015            q3 2015            q4 2015             total
2015 hif:
california                        $-                $17                 $6                 $8                $31                               $31
florida                            2                  2                  2                  2                  8                                 8
illinois                           1                  1                  1                  1                  4                                 4
michigan                           -                  -                 21                  7                 28                                28
new mexico                         7                  8                  8                  7                 30                                30
ohio                              12                 12                 12                 12                 48                                48
south carolina                     3                  3                  3                  3                 12                                12
texas                              6                  6                  6                  5                 23                                23
utah                               -                  -                  4                  2                  6                                 6
washington                        11                 11                  6                  9                 37                                37
wisconsin                          1                  1                  1                  2                  5                                 5
subtotal, medicaid                43                 61                 70                 58                232                               232
marketplace                        -                  -                  1                  1                  2                                 2
medicare                           6                  4                  4                  5                 19                                19
49                                                   65                 75                 64                253                              $253
2014 hif:
california                         -                 12                  -                  -                 12
michigan                           -                  -                  7                  -                  7
utah                               -                  -                  1                  -                  1
$49                $77                $83                $64               $273
recognized in:
health insurer fee revenue       $48                $74                $81                $61               $264
premium tax revenue                1                  3                  2                  3                  9
$49                $77                $83                $64               $273
_____________
(1)   amounts in the table include our estimate of the full economic impact of the excise tax including premium tax and the income tax effect.
future sources and uses of liquidity shelf registration statement. we have a shelf registration statement on file with the securities and exchange commission to register an unlimited amount of any combination of debt or equity securities in one or more offerings. specific information regarding the terms and securities being offered will be provided at the time of an offering. proceeds from future offerings are expected to be used for general corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, the repayment of debt, investments in or extensions of credit to our subsidiaries and the financing of possible acquisitions or business expansion.
credit facility. in june 2015, we entered into an unsecured $250 million revolving credit facility (credit facility). borrowings under the credit facility bear interest based, at our election, on a base rate or an adjusted london interbank offered rate (libor), plus in each case the applicable margin. the credit facility has a term of five years and all amounts outstanding will be due and payable on june 12, 2020. subject to obtaining commitments from existing or new lenders and satisfaction of other specified conditions, we may increase the credit facility to up to $350 million. our ability to borrow under the credit facility is subject to compliance with certain covenants. as of december 31, 2015, outstanding letters of credit amounting to $6 million reduced the borrowing capacity to $244 million, and no amounts were outstanding under the credit facility.
55
announced acquisitions. as described in item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, in note 1, "basis of presentation," we announced several health plans acquisitions in 2015 that did not close until january 1, 2016. because the closing dates for these acquisitions fell on january 1, 2016, a holiday, approximately $101 million was recorded to prepaid expenses and other assets as of december 31, 2015, for purchase price amounts funded in december 2015. such amounts are reported in investing activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. the total aggregate purchase price for these acquisitions amounted to approximately $115 million.
convertible senior notes. in february 2013, we issued $550 million aggregate principal amount of 1.125% cash convertible senior notes due january 15, 2020, unless earlier repurchased or converted. we refer to these notes as our 1.125% notes. in september 2014, we issued $302 million aggregate principal amount of 1.625% convertible senior notes due august 14, 2044, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed, or converted. we refer to these notes as our 1.625% notes. as of december 31, 2015, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of our 1.125% notes and our 1.625% notes was $550 million and $302 million, respectively. both our 1.125% notes and our 1.625% notes are convertible into cash prior to their respective maturity dates under certain circumstances, one of which relates to the closing price of our common stock over a specified period. we refer to this conversion trigger as the stock price trigger. the 1.125% notes met the stock price trigger in the quarter ended december 31, 2015, and are convertible to cash through at least march 31, 2016. because the 1.125% notes may be converted into cash within 12 months, the $448 million carrying amount is reported in current portion of long-term debt as of december 31, 2015. in addition, holders of our 1.625% notes may convert their notes into cash during any calendar quarter (and only during such calendar quarter) if the last reported sales price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to $75.51 per share. the last reported sale price of our common stock as reported on the new york stock exchange on february 23, 2016 was $62.28 per share. as of december 31, 2015, our 1.625% notes were not convertible. if conversion requests are received, the settlement of the notes must be paid primarily in cash pursuant to the terms of the relevant indentures.
for economic reasons related to the trading market for our 1.125% notes, we believe that the amount of the notes that may be converted over the next twelve months, if any, will not be significant. however, if the trading market for our 1.125% notes becomes closed or restricted due to market turmoil or other reasons such that the notes cannot be traded, or if the trading price of our 1.125% notes, which normally trade at a marginal premium to the underlying composite stock-and-interest economic value, no longer includes that marginal premium, holders of our 1.125% notes may elect to convert the notes to cash. as of december 31, 2015, we had sufficient available cash, combined with borrowing capacity available under our credit facility, to fund such conversions.
states' budgets. from time to time the states in which our health plans operate may delay premium payments. for example, the state of illinois is currently operating without a budget for its fiscal year ending june 30, 2016. as of december 31, 2015, our illinois health plan served approximately 98,000 members, and recognized premium revenue of approximately $397 million for the year ended december 31, 2015. as of february 23, 2016, illinois is current with its premium payments.
in another example, the commonwealth of puerto rico has reported that it may lack sufficient resources to fund all necessary governmental programs including health care-related programs, as well as meet its debt obligations for its fiscal year ending june 30, 2016. our puerto rico health plan became operational on april 1, 2015. as of december 31, 2015, the plan served approximately 348,000 members and recognized premium revenue of approximately $192 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, or approximately $64 million per month. as of february 23, 2016, the commonwealth continues to pay us weekly for current membership.
it is the practice of the commonwealth to pay us for eligible members only after those members have been assigned to us, and our plan has sent electronic confirmation of the receipt of eligibility. particularly in the early stages of our contract with puerto rico, the plan's confirmation of eligibility of certain members was not accepted by the commonwealth as a result of various technical issues. the plan has continued to pay for medical services for all members in question, but the commonwealth is withholding payment of approximately $12 million of premium revenue related to those members. we believe we have a valid claim to all of the premiums withheld and we are in discussions with the commonwealth regarding this matter.
it has been our practice in the past, and will remain so in the future, to continue to serve our members and pay health care providers for services rendered in circumstances where state (or commonwealth) governments are temporarily unable to pay us, so long as we continue to believe that such state (or commonwealth) governments will ultimately pay us.
56
critical accounting estimates when we prepare our consolidated financial statements, we use estimates and assumptions that may affect reported amounts and disclosures. actual results could differ from these estimates. our most significant accounting estimates relate to:
•   health plans segment medical claims and benefits payable (see discussion below).
•   health plans segment contractual provisions that may adjust or limit revenue or profit. for a comprehensive discussion of this topic, including amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements, refer to item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, in note 2, "significant accounting policies."
•   health plans segment quality incentives. for a comprehensive discussion of this topic, including amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements, refer to item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, in note 2, "significant accounting policies."
•   molina medicaid solutions segment revenue and cost recognition. for a comprehensive discussion of this topic, refer to item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, in note 2, "significant accounting policies."
medical claims and benefits payable - health plans segment the following table provides the details of our medical claims and benefits payable as of the dates indicated:
december 31,
2015                                                                               2014              2013
(in millions)
fee-for-service claims incurred but not paid (ibnp)      $1,191                $871              $424
pharmacy payable                                             88                  71                45
capitation payable                                          140                  28                20
other (1)                                                   266                 231               181
$1,685              $1,201              $670
_______________________________
(1)   "other" medical claims and benefits payable include amounts payable to certain providers for which we act as an intermediary on behalf of various state agencies without assuming financial risk. such receipts and payments do not impact our consolidated statements of income. as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we recorded non-risk provider payables relating to such intermediary arrangements of approximately $167 million, $119 million and $151 million, respectively.
the determination of our liability for medical claims and benefits payable is particularly important to the determination of our financial position and results of operations in any given period. such determination of our liability requires the application of a significant degree of judgment by our management.
as a result, the determination of our liability for medical claims and benefits payable is subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. our medical care costs include amounts that have been paid by us through the reporting date, as well as estimated liabilities for medical care costs incurred but not paid by us as of the reporting date. such medical care cost liabilities include, among other items, unpaid fee-for-service claims, capitation payments owed providers, unpaid pharmacy invoices, and various medically related administrative costs that have been incurred but not paid. we use judgment to determine the appropriate assumptions for determining the required estimates.
the most important element in estimating our medical care costs is our estimate for fee-for-service claims which have been incurred but not paid by us. these fee-for-service costs that have been incurred but have not been paid at the reporting date are collectively referred to as medical costs that are incurred but not paid (ibnp). our ibnp, as reported on our balance sheet, represents our best estimate of the total amount of claims we will ultimately pay with respect to claims that we have incurred as of the balance sheet date. we estimate our ibnp monthly using actuarial methods based on a number of factors. as indicated in the table above, our estimated ibnp liability represented $1,191 million of our total medical claims and benefits payable of $1,685 million as of december 31, 2015.
the factors we consider when estimating our ibnp include, without limitation, claims receipt and payment experience (and variations in that experience), changes in membership, provider billing practices, health care service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, known outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness such as influenza, provider contract changes, changes to medicaid fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims. our assessment of these factors is then translated into an estimate of our ibnp liability at the relevant measuring point through the calculation of a base estimate of ibnp, a further provision for adverse
57
claims deviation, and an estimate of the administrative costs of settling all claims incurred through the reporting date. the base estimate of ibnp is derived through application of claims payment completion factors and trended pmpm cost estimates.
for the fifth month of service prior to the reporting date and earlier, we estimate our outstanding claims liability based on actual claims paid, adjusted for estimated completion factors. completion factors seek to measure the cumulative percentage of claims expense that will have been paid for a given month of service as of the reporting date, based on historical payment patterns.
the following table reflects the hypothetical change in our estimate of claims liability as of december 31, 2015 that would have resulted had we changed our completion factors for the fifth through the twelfth months preceding december 31, 2015, by the percentages indicated. a reduction in the completion factor results in an increase in medical claims liabilities. dollar amounts are in millions.
increase (decrease) in estimated completion factors       increase (decrease) inmedical claims andbenefits payable
(6)%                                      $348
(4)%                                       232
(2)%                                       116
2%                                      (116                    )
4%                                      (232                    )
6%                                      (348                    )
for the four months of service immediately prior to the reporting date, actual claims paid are not a reliable measure of our ultimate liability, given the inherent delay between the patient/physician encounter and the actual submission of a claim for payment. for these months of service, we estimate our claims liability based on trended pmpm cost estimates. these estimates are designed to reflect recent trends in payments and expense, utilization patterns, authorized services, and other relevant factors. the following table reflects the hypothetical change in our estimate of claims liability as of december 31, 2015 that would have resulted had we altered our trend factors by the percentages indicated. an increase in the pmpm costs results in an increase in medical claims liabilities. dollar amounts are in millions.
(decrease) increase in trended per member per month cost estimates       (decrease) increase inmedical claims andbenefits payable
(6)%                                     $(202                    )
(4)%                                      (135                    )
(2)%                                       (67                    )
2%                                        67
4%                                       135
6%                                       202
the following per-share amounts are based on a combined federal and state statutory tax rate of 37%, and 56 million diluted shares outstanding for the year ended december 31, 2015. assuming a hypothetical 1% change in completion factors from those used in our calculation of ibnp at december 31, 2015, net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 would increase or decrease by approximately $37 million, or $0.66 per diluted share. assuming a hypothetical 1% change in pmpm cost estimates from those used in our calculation of ibnp at december 31, 2015, net income for the year ended december 31, 2015 would increase or decrease by approximately $21 million, or $0.38 per diluted share. the corresponding figures for a 5% change in completion factors and pmpm cost estimates would be $183 million, or $3.29 per diluted share, and $106 million, or $1.91 per diluted share, respectively.
it is important to note that any change in the estimate of either completion factors or trended pmpm costs would usually be accompanied by a change in the estimate of the other component, and that a change in one component would almost always compound rather than offset the resulting distortion to net income. when completion factors are overestimated, trended pmpm costs tend to be underestimated. both circumstances will create an overstatement of net income. likewise, when completion factors are underestimated, trended pmpm costs tend to be overestimated, creating an understatement of net income. in other words, errors in estimates involving both completion factors and trended pmpm costs will usually act to drive estimates of claims liabilities and medical care costs in the same direction. if completion factors were overestimated by 1%, resulting in an overstatement of net income by approximately $37 million, it is likely that trended pmpm costs would be underestimated, resulting in an additional overstatement of net income.
58
after we have established our base ibnp reserve through the application of completion factors and trended pmpm cost estimates, we then compute an additional liability, once again using actuarial techniques, to account for adverse deviation in our claims payments which the base actuarial model is not intended to and does not account for. we refer to this additional liability as the provision for adverse claims deviation. the provision for adverse claims deviation is a component of our overall determination of the adequacy of our ibnp. it is intended to capture the potential inadequacy of our ibnp estimate as a result of our inability to adequately assess the impact of factors such as changes in the speed of claims receipt and payment, the relative magnitude or severity of claims, known outbreaks of disease such as influenza, our entry into new geographical markets, our provision of services to new populations such as the aged, blind or disabled, changes to state-controlled fee schedules upon which a large proportion of our provider payments are based, modifications and upgrades to our claims processing systems and practices, and increasing medical costs. because of the complexity of our business, the number of states in which we operate, and the need to account for different health care benefit packages among those states, we make an overall assessment of ibnp after considering the base actuarial model reserves and the provision for adverse claims deviation.
we also include in our ibnp liability an estimate of the administrative costs of settling all claims incurred through the reporting date.
the development of ibnp is a continuous process that we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as additional claims payment information becomes available. as additional information becomes known to us, we adjust our actuarial model accordingly.
on a monthly basis, we review and update our estimated ibnp and the methods used to determine that liability. any adjustments, if appropriate, are reflected in the period known. while we believe our current estimates are adequate, we have in the past been required to increase significantly our claims reserves for periods previously reported, and may be required to do so again in the future. any significant increases to prior period claims reserves would materially decrease reported earnings for the period in which the adjustment is made.
in our judgment, the estimates for completion factors will likely prove to be more accurate than trended pmpm cost estimates because estimated completion factors are subject to fewer variables in their determination. specifically, completion factors are developed over long periods of time, and are most likely to be affected by changes in claims receipt and payment experience and by provider billing practices. trended pmpm cost estimates, while affected by the same factors, will also be influenced by health care service utilization trends, cost trends, product mix, seasonality, prior authorization of medical services, benefit changes, outbreaks of disease or increased incidence of illness, provider contract changes, changes to medicaid fee schedules, and the incidence of high dollar or catastrophic claims. as discussed above, however, errors in estimates involving trended pmpm costs will almost always be accompanied by errors in estimates involving completion factors, and vice versa. in such circumstances, errors in estimation involving both completion factors and trended pmpm costs will act to drive estimates of claims liabilities (and therefore medical care costs) in the same direction.
refer to item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, in note 11, "medical claims and benefits payable," for additional information regarding the specific factors used to determine our changes in estimates of ibnp for all periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements.
59
the following table presents the components of the change in our medical claims and benefits payable from continuing and discontinued operations combined for the periods indicated. the amounts presented for "components of medical care costs related to: prior periods" represent the amount by which our original estimate of medical claims and benefits payable at the beginning of the period were more than the actual amount of the liability based on information (principally the payment of claims) developed since that liability was first reported.
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                           2014                          2013
(dollars in millions, exceptper-member amounts)
balances at beginning of period                                         $1,201                          $670                          $495
components of medical care costs related to:
current period                                                          11,935                         8,123                         5,434
prior periods (1)                                                         (141      )                    (46      )                    (53      )
total medical care costs                                                11,794                         8,077                         5,381
change in non-risk provider payables                                        48                           (32      )                    111
payments for medical care costs related to:
current period                                                          10,448                         7,064                         4,932
prior periods                                                              910                           450                           385
total paid                                                              11,358                         7,514                         5,317
balances at end of period                                               $1,685                        $1,201                          $670
benefit from prior periods as a percentage of:
balance at beginning of period                                            11.8      %                    6.9      %                   10.7      %
premium revenue                                                            1.1      %                    0.5      %                    0.9      %
medical care costs                                                         1.2      %                    0.6      %                    1.0      %
claims data:
days in claims payable, fee for service                                     48                            49                            43
number of members at end of period                                   3,533,000                     2,623,000                     1,931,000
number of claims in inventory at end of period                         380,800                       307,700                       145,800
billed charges of claims in inventory at end of period                    $816                          $719                          $277
claims in inventory per member at end of period                           0.11                          0.12                          0.08
billed charges of claims in inventory per member end of period         $230.91                       $273.92                       $143.19
number of claims received during the period                         40,173,300                    27,597,000                    21,317,500
billed charges of claims received during the period                    $46,211                       $30,316                       $21,415
commitments and contingencies we are not a party to off-balance sheet financing arrangements, except for operating leases which are disclosed in item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 19 ,"commitments and contingencies."
contractual obligations in the table below, we present our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015. some of the amounts included in this table are based on management's estimates and assumptions about these obligations, including their duration, the possibility of renewal, anticipated actions by third parties, and other factors. because these estimates and assumptions are necessarily subjective, the contractual obligations we will actually pay in future periods may vary from those reflected in the table.
additionally, we have a variety of other contractual agreements related to acquiring services used in our operations. however, we believe these other agreements do not contain material noncancelable commitments.
60
total (1)                2016            2017-2018             2019-2020             2021 and beyond
(in millions)
medical claims and benefits payable       $1,685                $1,685                 $-                    $-                        $-
principal amount of senior notes (2)       1,552                     -                  -                   550                     1,002
amounts due government agencies              729                   729                  -                     -                         -
interest on long-term debt                   424                    49                 97                    91                       187
lease financing obligations                  403                    15                 32                    33                       323
operating leases                             232                    49                 88                    56                        39
purchase commitments                          15                    11                  4                     -                         -
$5,040                $2,538               $221                  $730                    $1,551
_______________________________
(1)   as of december 31, 2015, we have recorded approximately $9 million of unrecognized tax benefits. the table does not contain this amount because we cannot reasonably estimate when or if such amount may be settled. for further information, refer to item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, in note 14, "income taxes."
(2)   represents the principal amounts due on our 5.375% senior notes due 2022, 1.125% cash convertible senior notes due 2020, and our 1.625% convertible senior notes due 2044 (1.625% notes). the 1.625% notes have a contractual maturity date in 2044; however, on specified dates beginning in 2018, holders of the 1.625% notes may require us to repurchase some or all of the 1.625% notes, as described in item 8 of this form 10-k, notes to consolidated financial statements, note 12, "debt."
