item 1a.    risk factors cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k contains "forward‐looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. the use of words such as "anticipates," "estimates," "expects," "plans" and "believes," among others, generally identify forward‐looking statements. these forward‐looking statements include, among others, statements relating to: iac's future financial performance, iac's business prospects and strategy, anticipated trends and prospects in the industries in which iac's businesses operate and other similar matters. these forward‐looking statements are based on iac management's expectations and assumptions about future events as of the date of this annual report, which are inherently subject to uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict.
actual results could differ materially from those contained in these forward‐looking statements for a variety of reasons, including, among others, the risk factors set forth below. other unknown or unpredictable factors that could also adversely affect iac's business, financial condition and results of operations may arise from time to time. in light of these risks and uncertainties, the forward‐looking statements discussed in this annual report may not prove to be accurate. accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward‐looking statements, which only reflect the views of iac management as of the date of this annual report. iac does not undertake to update these forward‐looking statements.
12
risk factors mr. diller and certain members of his family collectively have sole voting and/or investment power over a significant percentage of the voting power of our stock. as a result, mr. diller and his family are able to exercise significant influence over the composition of our board of directors, matters subject to stockholder approval and our operations.
as of january 29, 2016, mr. diller owned 5,789,499 shares of iac class b common stock and 136,711 shares of iac common stock. as of this date, mr. diller had sole voting and sole investment power with respect to these iac securities and the shares of iac class b common stock held by mr. diller represented 100% of iac's outstanding class b common stock and, together with the shares of iac common stock held by mr. diller, represented approximately 42.9% of the total outstanding voting power of iac. mr. diller also holds 300,000 vested options and 1,000,000 unvested options to purchase iac common stock.
as discussed in "item 1-business-equity ownership and vote," on february 22, 2016, in connection with the long-term estate planning of mr. diller and his family, mr. diller transferred all of his iac class b and common stock holdings to the 2016 grats and the 2016 family trust. each of mr. diller and ms. von furstenberg has sole voting and investment power, respectively, over the iac securities in the 2016 grats, and mr. von furstenberg has sole voting and sole investment power over the iac securities in the family trust.
in addition, pursuant to an amended and restated governance agreement between iac and mr. diller, for so long as mr. diller serves as iac's chairman and senior executive and he beneficially owns (within the meaning of rule 13d-3 of the securities exchange act of 1934) at least 5,000,000 shares of iac class b common stock and/or iac common stock in which he has a pecuniary interest (including by way of sole investment power over the iac securities in the 2016 grats), he generally has the right to consent to limited matters in the event that iac's ratio of total debt to ebitda (as defined in the governance agreement) equals or exceeds four to one over a continuous twelve‐month period. while mr. diller may not currently exercise this right, no assurances can be given that this right will not become exercisable in the future, and if so, that mr. diller will consent to any of the limited matters at such time, in which case iac would not be able to engage in transactions or take actions covered by this consent right.
as a result of mr. diller's sole investment power over the iac securities in the 2016 grats, ms. von furstenberg's sole voting power over the iac securities in the 2016 grats, mr. von furstenberg's sole voting and sole investment power over the iac securities in the 2016 family trust and mr. diller's contractual rights described above, mr. diller and his family are, collectively, currently in a position to influence, subject to our organizational documents and delaware law, the composition of iac's board of directors and the outcome of corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, such as mergers, business combinations and dispositions of assets, among other corporate transactions. in addition, this concentration of investment and voting power could discourage others from initiating a potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction that may otherwise be beneficial to iac, which could adversely affect the market price of iac securities.
we depend on our key personnel.
our future success will depend upon our continued ability to identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain highly skilled individuals, with the continued contributions of our senior management being especially critical to our success. competition for well-qualified employees across iac and its various businesses is intense and our continued ability to compete effectively depends, in part, upon our ability to attract new employees. while we have established programs to attract new employees and provide incentives to retain existing employees, particularly our senior management, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract new employees or retain the services of our senior management or any other key employees in the future. effective succession planning is also important to our future success. if we fail to ensure the effective transfer of senior management knowledge and smooth transitions involving senior management across our various businesses, our ability to execute short and long term strategic, financial and operating goals, as well as our business, financial condition and results of operations generally, could be adversely affected.
we depend upon arrangements with google and any adverse change in this relationship could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a substantial portion of our consolidated revenue is attributable to a services agreement with google. pursuant to this agreement, we display and syndicate paid listings provided by google in response to search queries generated by users of our publishing and applications properties. in exchange for making our search traffic available to google, we receive a share of the revenue generated by the paid listings supplied to us, as well as certain other search‐related services. our current agreement with google expires on march 31, 2016. following the expiration of this agreement, a new services agreement with google, which expires on march 31, 2020, will take effect. the company may choose to terminate this agreement effective march 31, 2019.
13
the amount of revenue we receive from google depends upon a number of factors outside of our control, including the amount google charges for advertisements, the efficiency of google's system in attracting advertisers and serving up paid listings in response to search queries and parameters established by google regarding the number and placement of paid listings displayed in response to search queries. in addition, google makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to advertisers) of clicks on paid listings from searches performed on our publishing and applications properties and these judgments factor into the amount of revenue we receive. google also makes judgments about the relative attractiveness (to users) of paid listings from searches and these judgments factor into the amount of advertisements we can purchase. changes to the amount google charges to advertisers, google's paid listings network efficiency, its judgment about the relative attractiveness to advertisers of clicks on paid listings from our publishing and applications properties or the parameters applicable to the display of paid listings could result in a decrease in the amount of revenue we receive and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. such changes could come about for a number of reasons, including general market conditions, competition or policy and operating decisions made by google.
our services agreement with google also requires that we comply with certain guidelines promulgated by google for the use of its brands and services, including with respect to which products and applications may access google's services, and the manner in which google's paid listings are displayed within search results across various platforms and products. our services agreement also requires that we establish guidelines to govern certain activities of third parties to whom we syndicate paid listings, including the manner in which these parties drive search traffic to their websites and display paid listings. google may generally unilaterally update its own policies and guidelines without advance notice, which could in turn require modifications to, or prohibit and/or render obsolete certain of, our products, services and/or business practices, which could be costly to address or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. noncompliance with google's guidelines by us or the third parties to whom we are permitted to syndicate paid listings or through which we secure distribution arrangements for our applications could, if not cured, result in google's suspension of some or all of its services to our websites or the websites of our third party partners or the termination of the services agreement by google.
the termination of the services agreement by google, the curtailment of iac's rights under the agreement (whether pursuant to the terms thereof or otherwise) or the failure of google to perform its obligations under the agreement would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. if any of these events were to occur, we may not be able to find another suitable alternate paid listings provider (or if an alternate provider were found, the economic and other terms of the agreement and the quality of paid listings may be inferior relative to our arrangements with, and the paid listings supplied by, google) or otherwise replace the lost revenues.
general economic events or trends, particularly those that reduce advertising spending and/or adversely impact consumer confidence, could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
a substantial portion of our consolidated revenue (primarily revenue from our publishing and applications segments) is attributable to online advertising. accordingly, we are particularly sensitive to events and trends that could result in decreased advertising expenditures. advertising expenditures have historically been cyclical in nature, reflecting overall economic conditions and budgeting and buying patterns, as well as levels of consumer confidence and discretionary spending.
similarly, some of our businesses (primarily homeadvisor) are particularly sensitive to events and trends that adversely impact consumer confidence and spending behavior. for example, in the event of a general economic downturn or sudden disruption in business conditions, consumer confidence, spending levels and credit availability could be adversely affected. the occurrence of any of these events or trends could result in consumers delaying or foregoing home services projects, which could result in a decrease in fees paid by home service professionals for consumer matches, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. we could also experience turnover in our network of home services professionals given that a significant number of our home services professionals are sole proprietorships and small businesses, and as such, are particularly sensitive to events and trends that adversely impact consumer confidence and spending behavior. any turnover, if significant or recurring over a prolonged period, could result in a decrease in traffic to our properties and increased costs, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the recent past, adverse economic conditions have caused, and if such conditions were to recur in the future they could cause, decreases and/or delays in advertising expenditures and discretionary spending by consumers, which would reduce our revenues and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends upon the continued growth and acceptance of online advertising, particularly paid listings, as an effective alternative to traditional, offline advertising and the continued commercial use of the internet.
we continue to compete with traditional advertising media, including television, radio and print, in addition to a multitude of websites with high levels of traffic and online advertising networks, for a share of available advertising expenditures and expect to face continued competition as more emerging media and traditional offline media companies continue to enter the online advertising market. we believe that the continued growth and acceptance of online advertising generally will depend, to a large extent, on its perceived effectiveness and the acceptance of related advertising models (particularly in the case of mobile
14
advertising), the continued growth in commercial use of the internet (particularly abroad), the extent to which web browsers, software programs and/or other applications that limit or prevent advertising from being displayed become commonplace and the extent to which the industry is able to effectively manage click fraud. any lack of growth in the market for online advertising, particularly for paid listings, or any decrease in the effectiveness and value of online advertising (whether due to changes in laws, changes in industry practices, the emergence of technologies that can block the display of advertisements across platforms or other developments) would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we depend, in part, upon third parties to drive traffic to our various properties and distribute our products and services.
our success depends, in part, upon third parties driving traffic to our various properties (desktop and mobile) and distributing our products and services.
we distribute our products and services through a variety of third party publishers and distribution channels. for example, certain of the businesses within our publishing and applications segments have entered into (and expect to continue to enter into) agreements to distribute search boxes, toolbars, browser extensions and other applications to users through third parties. most of these agreements are either non‐exclusive and short‐term in nature or, in the case of long‐term or exclusive agreements, are terminable by either party in certain specified circumstances. in addition, a few of these agreements collectively represent a significant percentage of the revenue generated by our partnerships business. the inability of these businesses to enter into new (or renew existing) agreements to distribute search boxes, toolbars, browser extensions and other applications through third parties for any reason would result in decreases in traffic to our various properties, queries and advertising revenue, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, as our users and customers increasingly access our products and services through mobile applications, we (primarily in the case of match group's dating business and apalon, one of the businesses within our applications segment) increasingly depend upon the apple app store and the google play store to distribute our mobile applications. both apple and google have broad discretion to change their respective terms and conditions applicable to the distribution of our mobile applications, and to interpret their respective terms and conditions in ways that may limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to distribute our mobile applications through their stores. we cannot assure you that apple or google will not limit or eliminate or otherwise interfere with the distribution of our mobile applications. if either or both of them did so, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in connection with our search engine optimization, or seo, efforts, we rely on third party search engines to drive traffic to our various properties (desktop and mobile). seo efforts involve developing websites to rank well within search engine results. search engines frequently update and change the logic that determines the placement and display of search results. if we fail to successfully manage seo efforts across our businesses, including the timely modification of seo efforts from time to time in response to periodic changes in search engine algorithms, search query trends and related actions by providers of search services designed to ensure the display of unique offerings in search results (which actions by search service providers may result in algorithmic listings being displayed less prominently within search engine results), could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our various properties, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. certain of our businesses engage in similar efforts involving facebook and other social media platforms (for example, developing content designed to appear higher in a given facebook news feed and generate "likes") that involve challenges and risks similar to those faced in connection with our seo efforts.
also, search engines continue to expand their offerings into other, non-search related categories, and in certain instances display their own integrated or related product and service offerings in a more prominent manner than those of third parties within their search results. continued expansion and competition from search engines could result in a substantial decrease in traffic to our various properties, as well as increased costs if we were to replace free traffic with paid traffic, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
lastly, we rely on facebook to distribute one of match group's dating products, tinder. users currently register for (and log in to) tinder exclusively through their facebook profiles. facebook has broad discretion to change its terms and conditions applicable to the use of its platform in this manner and to interpret its terms and conditions in ways that could limit, eliminate or otherwise interfere with our ability to use facebook in this manner and if facebook did so, match group's (and in turn, our) business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
as discussed below under "-marketing efforts designed to drive traffic to our various websites may not be successful or cost-effective" and "-communicating with our users via e-mail is critical to our success, and any erosion in our ability to communicate in this fashion that is not sufficiently replaced by other means could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations," our traffic building initiatives also involve the expenditure of considerable sums for marketing, as well as for the development and introduction of new content, products, services and enhancements, infrastructure
15
and other related efforts, and are dependent, in part, on our ability to effectively communicate with our users and customers via current and new means of communication.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to continue to introduce new and enhanced content, products and services in response to evolving trends and technologies and that otherwise resonate with our users and customers.
even if we succeed in our traffic building and distribution efforts, we may not be able to convert traffic into repeat users and customers unless we continue to introduce new and enhanced content, products and services in response to evolving trends and technologies and provide quality products and services that otherwise resonate with our users and customers.
the development of new content, products and services, as well as the identification of new business opportunities in this dynamic environment, require significant time and resources. we may not be able to adapt quickly enough to these changes, appropriately time the introduction of new content, products and services or identify new business opportunities in a timely manner. also, these changes could require us to modify related infrastructures and our failure to do so could render our existing websites, applications, services and proprietary technologies obsolete. our failure to respond to any of these changes appropriately and efficiently could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the case of certain of our applications, third parties have introduced (and continue to introduce) technologies and policies that may interfere with the ability of users to access or utilize our applications generally or otherwise make users less likely to use our services (such as through the introduction of features and/or processes that disproportionately and adversely impact the ability of consumers to access and use our services relative to those of our competitors). for example, third parties continue to introduce technologies (including new and enhanced web browsers and operating systems) that may limit or prevent certain types of applications from being installed and/or have features and policies that significantly lessen the likelihood that users will install our applications or that previously installed applications will remain in active use. in addition, there are technologies that interfere with the functionality of (or settings changes made by) our applications. for example, there are technologies that interfere with search boxes embedded within our toolbars and the maintenance of home page and web browser search settings previously selected by our users. these technologies, applications and policies adversely impact our ability to generate search queries through our applications, which in turn adversely impacts our revenues.
technologies have also been introduced that can block the display of online advertisements across platforms (particularly and increasingly in the case with mobile platforms) and that provide users with the ability to opt out of advertising products. our failure to successfully modify our websites and products in a cost-effective manner in response to the introduction and adoption of these new technologies, or our failure to find alternative sources of revenue to support websites and products that currently generate revenue through advertising, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in addition, we may not be able to adapt quickly and/or in a cost-effective manner to frequent changes in user and customer preferences, which can be difficult to predict, or appropriately time the introduction of enhancements and/or new content, products or services to the market in response to such changes. our inability to provide quality content, products and services would adversely affect user and customer experiences, which would result in decreases in users, customers and revenues and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, in the case of about.com, we rely on independent, freelance subject matter experts to generate quality content for our users. if we fail to recruit and retain such experts generally and/or the experts ultimately retained cannot provide us with quality content in a cost-effective manner, the experience of our users would be adversely affected, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
lastly, while the continued introduction of new content, products and services is critical to our success, by definition, new content, products and services have limited operating histories, which could make it difficult for us to evaluate our current business and future prospects. for example, through match group, we seek to tailor each of our dating products to meet the preferences of specific communities of users. building a given dating product is generally an iterative process that occurs over a meaningful period of time and involves considerable resources and expenditures. although certain of our newer dating products have experienced significant growth over relatively short periods of time, the historical growth rates of these dating products are not necessarily an indicator of future growth rates for our newer dating products generally. we have encountered, and may continue to encounter, risks and difficulties as we build new content, brands and products. the failure to successfully address these risks and difficulties could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
marketing efforts designed to drive traffic to our various websites may not be successful or cost-effective.
traffic building and conversion initiatives involve considerable expenditures for online and offline advertising and marketing. we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant expenditures for search engine marketing (primarily in the form of the purchase of keywords, which we purchase primarily through google and, to a lesser extent, microsoft and yahoo!), online display advertising and traditional offline advertising (including television) in connection with these initiatives,
16
which may not be successful or cost-effective. historically, we have had to increase advertising and marketing expenditures over time in order to attract and retain users and customers and sustain our growth.
in the case of paid advertising generally, our ability to market our brands on any given property or channel is subject to the policies of the relevant third party seller, publisher of advertising (including through search engines and social networks and platforms) or marketing affiliate. as a result, any such third party could limit our ability to purchase certain types of advertising or advertise some of our products and services, which could affect our ability to compete effectively and, in turn, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. for example, providers of online search advertising services (including google, microsoft and yahoo!) may limit our ability to market our products and services through their advertising services, whether due to their policies, competitive reasons or otherwise. other publishers and channels have, from time to time, limited or prohibited advertisements for match group's dating products for a variety of reasons, including as a result of poor behavior by other dating industry participants. we cannot assure you that we will not be limited or prohibited from using certain current or prospective marketing channels in the case of our dating or any of our other businesses in the future. if this were to happen in the case of a significant marketing channel and/or for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. in addition, if we fail to comply with the policies of third party sellers, publishers of advertising or marketing affiliates, our advertisements could be removed without notice and/or our accounts could be suspended or terminated, any of which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
in the case of our search engine marketing efforts, our failure to respond successfully to rapid and frequent changes in the pricing and operating dynamics of search engines, as well as changing policies and guidelines applicable to keyword advertising (which may be unilaterally updated by google, microsoft and yahoo! without advance notice), could adversely affect both the placement of paid listings that appear in response to keywords we purchase and the pricing of online advertising we purchase generally, which would increase our costs and adversely impact the effectiveness of our advertising efforts overall.
separately, evolving consumer behavior can affect the availability of cost-effective marketing opportunities. for example, as traditional television viewership declines and consumers spend more time on mobile devices rather than desktop computers, the reach of many of traditional online and offline advertising channels is contracting. to continue to reach potential users and customers, we must continue to identify and devote more of our overall marketing expenditures to newer advertising channels, such as mobile and online video platforms. generally, the opportunities in (and sophistication of) newer advertising channels are undeveloped and unproven relative to opportunities in traditional online and offline channels and if we are unable to continue to appropriately manage and fine‐tune our marketing efforts in response to these and other trends in the advertising industry, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
in addition, as the distribution of our products and services through certain channels increases, in order to maintain our profit margins, we may need to offset increasing related fees by decreasing traditional marketing expenditures, which could adversely affect our marketing efforts, and in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations. as discussed above, as our user and customers increasingly access our products and services through mobile applications, we (primarily match group's dating business) increasingly rely upon the apple app store and the google play store to distribute our mobile applications. for example, while our mobile dating applications are generally free to download from these stores, we offer our users the opportunity to purchase paid memberships and certain à la carte features through these applications. we determine the prices at which these memberships and features are sold and, in exchange for facilitating the purchase of these memberships and features through these applications to users who download our applications from these stores, we pay apple and google, as applicable, a share (currently 30%) of the revenue we receive from these transactions. as the distribution of our dating and other products and services through app stores increases, we may need to offset these increased app store fees by decreasing traditional marketing expenditures as a percentage of revenue, increasing user volume or monetization per user, or by engaging in other efforts to increase revenue or decrease costs generally, or our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
lastly, as discussed above, we also enter into various arrangements with third parties in an effort to drive traffic to our various websites and mobile applications, which arrangements are generally more cost-effective than traditional marketing efforts. if we are unable to renew existing (and enter into new) arrangements of this nature, sales and marketing costs as a percentage of revenue would increase over the long-term.
any failure to attract and acquire new (and retain existing) traffic, users and customers in a cost-effective manner could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
17
communicating with our users via e-mail is critical to our success, and any erosion in our ability to communicate in this fashion that is not sufficiently replaced by other means could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as consumer habits evolve in the era of smart phones and messaging/social networking apps, usage of e-mail, particularly among our younger users and customers, has declined. in addition, deliverability restrictions imposed by third party e-mail providers could limit or prevent our ability to send e-mails to our users and customers. primarily in the case of match group's dating business, one of our primary means of communicating with users and customers and keeping them engaged with our products and services is via e-mail. any erosion in our ability to communicate successfully with our users and customers via e-mail could have an adverse impact on user and customer experience and, in the case of match group's dating businesses, the rate at which non‐paying users become paid members. while we continually work to find new means of communicating and connecting with our users and customers (for example, through push notifications), we cannot assure you that such alternative means of communication will be as effective as e-mail has been historically. any failure to develop or take advantage of new means of communication could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to build, maintain and/or enhance our various brands.
through our various businesses, we own and operate a number of highly-recognizable brands with strong brand appeal within their respective industries, as well as a number of fledgling brands that we are in the process of building. we believe that our success depends, in part, upon our continuing ability to maintain and enhance our established brands, as well as build awareness of (and loyalty to) our fledgling brands. our brands and brand-building efforts could be negatively impacted by a number of factors, including product and service quality concerns, consumer complaints, actions brought by consumers, governmental or regulatory authorities and related media coverage and data protection and security breaches. moreover, the failure to market our products and services successfully (or in a cost-effective manner), the inability to develop and introduce products and services that resonate with consumers and/or the inability to adapt quickly enough (and/or in a cost effective manner) to evolving changes in the internet and related technologies, applications and devices, could adversely impact our various brands and brand-building efforts, and in turn, our business, financial condition and results of operations.
foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations could adversely affect our results of operations.
we operate in various international markets, primarily in various jurisdictions within the european union. during the fiscal years ended december 31, 2014 and 2015, approximately 31% and 26% of our total revenue, respectively, were international revenue. our primary exposure to foreign currency exchange risk relates to investments in foreign subsidiaries that transact business in a functional currency other than the u.s. dollar, primarily the euro.
as foreign currency exchange rates fluctuate, the translation of our international results into u.s. dollars affects the period‐over‐period comparability of our u.s dollar‐denominated operating results. historically, we have not hedged any foreign currency exposures. our international operations' continued growth and expansion into new countries increases our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations. these fluctuations could have a significant impact on our future results of operations.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and monetize mobile versions of our products and services.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to develop and monetize mobile versions of our products and services. while many of our users continue to access our products and services through personal computers, users of (and usage volumes on) mobile devices, including smartphones and tablets, continue to increase relative to those of personal computers. while we have developed mobile versions of certain of our products and services (and have developed certain products and services exclusively for mobile devices) and intend to continue to do so in the future, we may not be able to monetize these applications as effectively as we monetize our non-mobile products and services.
in addition, the success of our mobile applications is dependent on their interoperability with various mobile operating systems, technologies, networks and standards that we do not control and any changes in any of these things that compromise the quality or functionality of our products and services could adversely impact usage of our products and services on mobile devices and, in turn, our ability to attract advertisers. our failure or inability to successfully respond to the general shift of users and customers to mobile devices could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
18
each of our dating products monetizes users at different rates. if a meaningful migration of our user base from our higher monetizing dating products to our lower monetizing dating products were to occur, it could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
through match group, we own, operate and manage a large and diverse portfolio of dating products. each dating product has its own mix of free and paid features designed to optimize the user experience for, and revenue generation from, that product's community of users. in general, the mix of features for the various dating products within our more established brands leads to higher monetization rates per user than the mix of features for the various dating products within our newer brands. if a significant portion of our user base were to migrate to our less profitable brands, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
our success depends, in part, on the integrity and quality of our systems and infrastructures and those of third parties. system interruptions and the lack of integration and redundancy in our and third party information systems may affect our business.
to succeed, our systems and infrastructures must perform well on a consistent basis. from time to time, we may experience occasional system interruptions that make some or all of our systems or data unavailable or that prevent us from providing products and services; any such interruption could arise for any number of reasons. furthermore, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, natural disasters, acts of war or terrorism, acts of god and other similar events or disruptions may damage or interrupt computer, data, broadband or other communications systems at any time. any event of this nature could cause system interruptions, delays and loss of critical data, and could prevent us from providing services to users and customers. while we have backup systems in place for certain aspects of our operations, our systems are not fully redundant and disaster recovery planning is not sufficient for all eventualities. in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses from a major interruption. any such interruptions or outages, regardless of the cause, could negatively impact the experiences of our users and customers with our products and services, tarnish our brands' reputation and decrease demand for our products and services, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we also continually work to expand and enhance the efficiency and scalability of our technology and network systems to improve the experiences of our users and customers, accommodate substantial increases in the volume of traffic to our properties and to keep up with changes in technology and user and customer preferences. any failure to do so in a timely and cost-effective manner could adversely affect the experiences of our users and customers with our products and services and thereby negatively impact demand for our products and services, and could increase our costs, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
for example, we are currently in the process of an ongoing consolidation and streamlining of the technology and network systems and infrastructures of a number of our dating businesses, including match, ourtime and meetic. the goal of this project is to modernize, optimize and improve the scalability and cost‐effectiveness of these systems and infrastructures and to increase our ability to deploy product changes more rapidly across devices and product lines. we have budgeted significant human and financial resources for these efforts and if we experience delays, inefficiencies and/or operational failures, we will incur additional costs, which would adversely affect our profitability. moreover, these efforts may not be successful, may not be completed in a timely or cost‐effective manner, may not result in the cost savings or other benefits we anticipate and may disrupt operations, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we also rely on third party computer systems, data centers, broadband and other communications systems and service providers in connection with the provision of our products and services generally, as well as to facilitate and process certain transactions with our users and customers. we have no control over any of these third parties or their operations.
any interruptions, outages or delays in our systems or those of our third party providers, changes in service levels provided by these systems or deterioration in the performance of these systems, could impair our ability to provide our products and services and/or process certain transactions with users and customers. if any of these events were to occur, it could damage our reputation and result in the loss of current and potential users and customers, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and otherwise be costly to remedy.
19
we may not be able to protect our systems, infrastructures and technologies from cyber attacks. in addition, we may be adversely impacted by cyber attacks experienced by third parties. any disruption of our systems, infrastructures and technologies, or compromise of our user data or other information, due to cyber attacks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are regularly under attack by perpetrators of malicious technology-related events, such as cyber attacks, computer hacking, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, distributed denial of service attacks, attempts to misappropriate customer information (including credit card information) or other malicious activities. the incidence of events of this nature (or any combination thereof) is on the rise worldwide.
while we continuously develop and maintain systems to detect and prevent events of this nature from impacting our various businesses, and have invested heavily in these efforts and related training, these efforts are costly and require ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome preventative security measures become more sophisticated. despite our efforts, we cannot assure you that we will not experience significant events of this nature in the future and if such an event does occur, that it will not have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
furthermore, we may become the victim of security breaches, such as the misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of user, customer or vendor data maintained in our information technology systems or those of third parties with whom we do business (or upon whom we otherwise rely in connection with our day to day operations), which could have a similar effect on us.
any cyber attack or security breach we experience could prevent us from providing our products and services, damage our reputation, erode our brands and/or be costly to remedy, as well as result in a degradation of our products and services and/or cause damage to our systems, infrastructures, technologies and data. even if we do not experience such events, the impact of any such events experienced by third parties with whom we do business (or upon whom we otherwise rely in connection with our day to day operations) could have a similar effect. moreover, even cyber attacks and security breaches that do not impact us directly may result in a loss of consumer confidence generally, which could make consumers and users less likely to use our products and services.
in addition, we may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses resulting from any of these events.
if the security of personal and confidential user information, including credit card information, that we maintain and store is breached or otherwise accessed by unauthorized persons, it may be costly to mitigate the impact of such an event, our reputation could be harmed and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected.
we receive, process, store and transmit a significant amount of personal user and other confidential information, including credit card information, and enable our users to share their personal information with each other. in some cases, we retain third party vendors to store this information. we continuously develop and maintain systems to protect the security, integrity and confidentiality of this information, but cannot guarantee that inadvertent or unauthorized use or disclosure will not occur or that third parties will not gain unauthorized access to this information despite our efforts. if any such event were to occur, we may not be able to remedy the event, and we may have to expend significant capital and resources to mitigate the impact of such an event, and to develop and implement protections to prevent future events of this nature from occurring. if a breach of our security (or the security of our vendors and partners) occurs, the perception of the effectiveness of our security measures and our reputation may be harmed, we could lose current and potential users and the recognition of our various brands and their competitive positions could be diminished, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to a number of risks related to credit card payments, including data security breaches and fraud that we or third parties experience or additional regulation, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our businesses accept payment from our users primarily through credit card transactions and certain online payment service providers. the ability of these businesses to access credit card information on a real time‐basis without having to proactively reach out to the consumer each time they process a payment for products and services (including auto‐renewal payments or payments for the purchase of a premium feature on or with any of our products or services) is critical to our success.
when we experience (or a third party experiences) a data security breach involving credit card information, affected cardholders will often cancel their credit cards. in the case of a breach experienced by a third party, the more sizable the third party's customer base and the greater the number of credit card accounts impacted, the more likely it is that our users would be impacted by such a breach. to the extent our users are ever affected by such a breach experienced by us or a third party, affected users would need to be contacted to obtain new credit card information and process any pending transactions. it is likely that we would not be able to reach all affected users, and even if we could, some users' new credit card information may
20
not be obtained and some pending transactions may not be processed, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
even if our users are not directly impacted by a given data security breach, they may lose confidence in the ability of service providers to protect their personal information generally, which could cause them to stop using their credit cards online and choose alternative payment methods that are not as convenient for us or restrict our ability to process payments without significant user effort.
additionally, if we fail to adequately prevent fraudulent credit card transactions, we may face fines, governmental enforcement action, civil liability, diminished public perception of our security measures, significantly higher credit card‐related costs and substantial remediation costs, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
finally, the passage or adoption of any legislation or regulation affecting the ability of service providers to periodically charge consumers for recurring membership payments may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the processing, storage, use and disclosure of personal data could give rise to liabilities as a result of governmental regulation, conflicting legal requirements or differing views of personal privacy rights.
we receive, transmit and store a large volume of personal information and other user data (including personal credit card data, as well as private content (such as videos and correspondence)) in connection with the processing of search queries, the provision of online products and services, transactions with users and customers and advertising on our websites. the sharing, use, disclosure and protection of this information are determined by the respective privacy and data security policies of our various businesses. these policies are, in turn, subject to federal, state and foreign laws and regulations, as well as evolving industry standards and practices, regarding privacy generally and the storing, sharing, use, disclosure and protection of personal information and user data. examples include the european union data protection directive (as adopted and implemented by the various european union member states, the "eu directive"), various u.s. state regulations concerning minimum data security standards, industry self-regulating principles that have become standard practice and more stringent contractual protections (and related compliance obligations) regarding privacy and data security.
in addition, if an online service provider fails to comply with its privacy policy, it could become subject to an investigation and/or proceeding for unfair or deceptive practices brought by the u.s. federal trade commission under the federal trade commission act (and/or brought by a state attorney general pursuant to a similar state law), as well as a private lawsuit under various u.s. federal and state laws. similarly, in the european union, the online service provider could become subject to an investigation and/or proceeding for the violation of the data protection laws and regulations brought by a member state or its supervisory authority (an independent body charged with monitoring compliance with data protection laws), as well as private causes of action under the eu directive. in general, personal information is increasingly subject to legislation and regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world (particularly in the european union), the intent of which is to protect the privacy of personal information that is collected, processed and transmitted in or from the governing jurisdiction.
u.s. and foreign legislators and regulators may enact new laws and regulations regarding privacy and data security. for example, in january 2016, the u.s. federal trade commission released a report that further explored the use of "big data" and its impact on american consumers. this report followed the may 2014 white house release of a review of "big data" practices, which called for an update to u.s. privacy laws based on the proposed consumer privacy bill of rights released by the white house in february 2012 and the enactment of a federal data breach notification law. in addition, in february 2013 the u.s. federal trade commission issued a report seeking changes in internet and mobile privacy protection and disclosures. similarly, new privacy laws and regulations at the state level, as well as new laws and directives abroad (particularly in the european union), are being proposed and implemented. for example, effective january 1, 2016, the delaware online privacy and protection act requires companies to make new and enhanced disclosures regarding their privacy policies and since 2014, california law has required companies that collect personal information to disclose how they respond to web browser "do not track" signals.
the european union is in the process of adopting new guidelines (the proposed european data protection regulation) for data protection and privacy to address recent globalization and technological developments, which will supersede the eu directive. in addition, in october 2015, the european union's highest court ruled that the eu-us safe harbor agreement, which had provided a framework for transfers of personal data from european union member states to the united states, was invalid. in february 2016, the european commission and the united states reached an agreement on a proposed new framework for transfers of personal data, the eu-us privacy shield. this proposed new framework is expected to impose a stricter compliance regime for companies seeking to transfer personal data from european union member states to the united states and require stronger monitoring by u.s. regulators of the sharing, use, disclosure and protection of such data and related enforcement for non-compliance. it currently remains unclear how we and other u.s. companies should proceed when
21
transferring personal data from european union member states to the united states given that the eu-us privacy shield is not yet final and faces hurdles to adoption and the european commission did not provide any interim guidance.
in addition, existing privacy laws that were intended for brick-and-mortar businesses could be interpreted in a manner that would extend their reach to our businesses. new laws and regulations (or new interpretations of existing laws) in this area may make it more costly to operate our businesses and/or limit our ability to engage in certain types of activities, such as targeted advertising, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
as privacy and data protection have become more sensitive issues, we may also become exposed to potential liabilities as a result of differing views on the privacy of consumer and other user data collected by our businesses. also, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent security breaches. in the case of security breaches involving personal credit card data, credit card companies could curtail our ability to transact payments and impose fines for failure to comply with payment card industry (pci) data security standards. moreover, any such breach could decrease consumer confidence in the case of the business that experienced the breach or our businesses generally, which would decrease traffic to (and in turn, usage and transactions on) the relevant website and/or our various websites and which in turn, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. the failure of any of our businesses, or their various third party vendors and service providers, to comply with applicable privacy policies, federal, state or foreign privacy laws and regulations or pci standards, as well as the unauthorized release of personal information or other user data for any reason, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
while we believe that we comply with applicable laws and regulations, as well as evolving industry standards and practices relating to privacy and data security, there is no assurance that we will not be subject to claims that we have violated applicable laws and regulations, standard and practices or that we will be able to successfully defend against such claims. any failure or perceived failure by us (or the third parties with whom we have contracted to store such information) to comply with applicable privacy laws, privacy policies or privacy‐related contractual obligations or any compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to personal information may result in governmental enforcement actions, significant fines, litigation, claims of breach of contract and indemnity by third parties and adverse publicity. in the case of such an event, our reputation may be harmed, we could lose current and potential users and the competitive positions of our various brands could be diminished, any or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not freely access the cash of match group and its subsidiaries.
the company's potential sources of cash include our available cash balances, net cash from the operating activities of our subsidiaries, availability under iac's revolving credit facility and proceeds from asset sales, including marketable securities. the ability of our operating subsidiaries to pay dividends or to make other payments or advances to us depends on their individual operating results and any statutory, regulatory or contractual restrictions to which they may be or may become subject.  agreements governing match group's indebtedness limit the payment of dividends or the making of distributions, loans or advances to stockholders, including iac. in addition, because match group is a separate and distinct legal entity with public shareholders, it has no obligation to provide us with funds for payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or other payments.
our indebtedness may affect our ability to operate our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. we and our subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness, including secured indebtedness.
as of december 31, 2015, we had total debt outstanding of approximately $1.8 billion, including $1.2 billion of total debt outstanding at match group ($40 million of which matures in the current year). as of this date, we had borrowing availability of $300 million, and match group had borrowing availability of $500 million, under our respective revolving credit facilities. neither match group nor any of its subsidiaries guarantee any indebtedness of iac or are subject to any of the covenants related to such indebtedness. similarly, neither iac nor any of its subsidiaries (other than match group and its subsidiaries) guarantee any indebtedness of match group or are subject to any of the covenants related to such indebtedness.
our indebtedness and match group's indebtedness could have important consequences, such as:
•   limiting our respective abilities to obtain additional financing to fund working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures or other debt service requirements or for other purposes;
•   limiting our respective abilities to use operating cash flow in other areas of our respective businesses because we must dedicate a substantial portion of these funds to service debt;
•   limiting our respective abilities to compete with other companies who are not as highly leveraged, as we may be less capable of responding to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   restricting us from making strategic acquisitions, developing properties or exploiting business opportunities;
22
•   restricting the way in which we conduct business because of financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing our respective existing and future indebtedness;
•   exposing us to potential events of default (if not cured or waived) under financial and operating covenants contained in our or our respective subsidiaries' debt instruments that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results;
•   increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or in pricing of our products and services; and
•   limiting our respective abilities to react to changing market conditions in the various industries in which we do business.
in addition to our respective debt service obligations, our and match group's operations require substantial investments on a continuing basis. our ability or the ability of match group to make scheduled debt payments, to refinance obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to fund capital and non‐capital expenditures necessary to maintain the condition of our respective operating assets and properties, as well as to provide capacity for the growth of our respective businesses, depends on our respective financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, competitive, legal and other factors.
subject to certain restrictions in the agreements governing our and match group's indebtedness, we and our subsidiaries may incur significant additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness. although the terms of agreements governing our and match group's indebtedness contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be significant. if new debt is added to our or our subsidiaries' current debt levels, the risks described above could increase.
we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our current and planned indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful.
our ability and the ability of match group to satisfy our respective debt obligations will depend upon, among other things:
•   our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and
•   our future ability and the future ability of match group to borrow under our respective revolving credit agreements, the availability of which will depend on, among other things, compliance with the covenants in the then‐existing agreements governing such indebtedness.
there can be no assurance that our business or match group will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that we or match group will be able to draw under our respective revolving credit agreements or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our respective liquidity needs. see also "-we may not freely access the cash of match group and its subsidiaries" above.
if cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. in addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. in the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations, sell equity, and/or negotiate with our lenders to restructure the applicable debt, in order to meet our debt service and other obligations. we may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value or at all. the agreements governing our and match group's indebtedness may restrict, or market or business conditions may limit, our ability to avail ourselves of some or all of these options. furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due.
agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions that will limit our flexibility in operating our business.
the agreements governing our and match group's indebtedness contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness would likely contain, a number of covenants that will impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and match group, including restrictions on the ability to, among other things:
23
•   create liens on certain assets;
•   incur additional debt;
•   make certain investments and acquisitions;
•   consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets;
•   sell certain assets;
•   pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our capital stock or make restricted payments;
•   enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; and
•   place restrictions on distributions from subsidiaries.
any of these restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions and could otherwise restrict corporate activities. any failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under the agreements governing current or future indebtedness. upon a default, unless waived, lenders under our respective credit agreements could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans, foreclose on our assets pledged to such lenders to secure our indebtedness and force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. holders of our or match group's senior notes also have the ability to force us into bankruptcy or liquidation in certain circumstances, subject to the terms of the related indentures. in addition, a default could trigger a cross default under our other agreements and could trigger a cross default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. our operating results may not generate cash in an amount that would be sufficient to service our indebtedness or to fund our other expenditures and we may not be able to obtain financing to meet these requirements.
variable rate indebtedness will subject us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase significantly.
at december 31, 2015, match group has $800 million of indebtedness outstanding under its term loan facility, which bears interest at variable rates and currently bears interest at libor plus 4.50%, with a libor floor of 1.00%.  libor at december 31, 2015 for similar borrowings of three months was approximately 60 basis points.  changes in the interest rates applicable to this indebtedness will expose us to interest rate risk.  for example, if libor were to increase by 100 basis points then the annual interest payments on this indebtedness would increase by 60 basis points, or $4.8 million in 2016.  and if libor decreased 60 basis points to zero, annual interest payments on this indebtedness would remain the same.  such potential changes in interest payments take into account quarterly amortization payments and are based on certain simplifying assumptions, including a constant rate of variable-rate debt for all maturities and an immediate across-the-board increase or decrease in the level of interest rates with no other subsequent changes for the remainder of the period. to the extent that we or match group draw down on our respective revolving credit facilities in the future, any related indebtedness incurred would bear interest at variable rates, which would increase our exposure to interest rate risk. see also "item 7a-quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates and even if we are able to do so, we may experience operational and financial risks in connection with acquisitions. in addition, some of the businesses we acquire may incur significant losses from operations or experience impairment of carrying value.
we have made numerous acquisitions in the past and we continue to seek to identify potential acquisition candidates that will allow us to apply our expertise to expand their capabilities, as well as maximize our existing assets. as a result, our future growth may depend, in part, on acquisitions. we may not be able to identify suitable acquisition candidates or complete acquisitions on satisfactory pricing or other terms and we expect to continue to experience competition in connection with our acquisition-related efforts.
even if we identify what we believe to be suitable acquisition candidates and negotiate satisfactory terms, we may experience operational and financial risks in connection with acquisitions, and to the extent that we continue to grow through acquisitions, we will need to:
•   properly value prospective acquisitions, especially those with limited operating histories;
•   successfully integrate the operations, as well as the accounting, financial controls, management information, technology, human resources and other administrative systems, of acquired businesses with our existing operations and systems;
•   successfully identify and realize potential synergies among acquired and existing businesses;
•   retain or hire senior management and other key personnel at acquired businesses; and
•   successfully manage acquisition‐related strain on the management, operations and financial resources of iac and its businesses and/or acquired businesses.
we may not be successful in addressing these challenges or any other problems encountered in connection with historical and future acquisitions. in addition, the anticipated benefits of one or more acquisitions may not be realized and future acquisitions could result in increased operating losses, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities and the assumption of
24
contingent liabilities. also, the value of goodwill and other intangible assets acquired could be impacted by one or more continuing unfavorable events and/or trends, which could result in significant impairment charges. the occurrence of any these events could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we operate in various international markets, some in which we have limited experience. as a result, we face additional risks in connection with our international operations. also, we may not be able to successfully expand into new, or further into our existing, international markets.
we currently operate in various jurisdictions abroad and may continue to expand our international presence. in order for our products and services in these jurisdictions to achieve widespread acceptance, commercial use and acceptance of the internet must continue to grow, which growth may occur at slower rates than those experienced in the united states. moreover, we must continue to successfully tailor our products and services to the unique customs and cultures of foreign jurisdictions, which can be difficult and costly and the failure to do so could slow our international growth and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
operating abroad, particularly in jurisdictions where we have limited experience, exposes us to additional risks. these additional risks include, among others:
•   operational and compliance challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences;
•   difficulties in staffing and managing international operations;
•   differing levels of social and technological acceptance of our products and services or lack of acceptance of them generally;
•   foreign currency fluctuations;
•   restrictions on the transfer of funds among countries and back to the united states and costs associated with repatriating funds to the united states;
•   differing and potentially adverse tax laws;
•   multiple, conflicting and changing laws, rules and regulations, and difficulties understanding and ensuring compliance with those laws by both our employees and our business partners, over whom we exert no control;
•   competitive environments that favor local businesses;
•   limitations on the level of intellectual property protection; and
•   trade sanctions, political unrest, terrorism, war and epidemics or the threat of any of these events.
the occurrence of any or all of the events described above could adversely affect our international operations, which could in turn adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. our success in international markets will also depend, in part, on our ability to identify potential acquisition candidates, joint venture or other partners, and to enter into arrangements with these parties on favorable terms and successfully integrate their businesses and operations with our own.
a variety of new laws, or new interpretations of existing laws, could subject us to claims or otherwise harm our business.
we are subject to a variety of laws in the u.s. and abroad that are costly to comply with, can result in negative publicity and diversion of management time and effort, and can subject us to claims or other remedies. some of these laws, such as income, sales, use, value‐added and other tax laws and consumer protection laws, are applicable to businesses generally and others are unique to the various types of businesses in which we are engaged. many of these laws were adopted prior to the advent of the internet and related technologies and, as a result, do not contemplate or address the unique issues of the internet and related technologies. laws that do reference the internet are being interpreted by the courts, but their applicability and scope remain uncertain.
for example, through our various businesses we post and link to third party content, including third party advertisements, links and websites. we also allow users to submit content, such as comments, photographs and videos. we could be subject to liability for posting, hosting or linking to third party content, and while we generally require third parties to indemnify us for related claims, we may not be able to enforce our indemnification rights. some laws, including the communications decency act, or cda, and the digital millennium copyright act, or dmca, limit our liability for posting or linking to third party content. for example, the dmca generally protects online service providers from claims of copyright infringement based on the storage of third party content at the direction of the user, so long as certain statutory requirements are satisfied. however, the scope and applicability of the dmca are subject to judicial interpretation and, as such, remain uncertain, and the u.s. congress may enact legislation affecting (and potentially limiting) the protections afforded by the dmca to online service providers. moreover, similar protections may not exist in other jurisdictions in which our various businesses operate. as a result, claims have been, and could be, threatened and filed under both u.s. and foreign laws based upon use of third party content asserting, among other things, negligence, defamation, invasion of privacy or right or publicity, copyright infringement or trademark infringement.
25
also, we send electronic messages to users through our various businesses, as well as develop, market and/or distribute a variety of downloadable applications through our consumer and partnerships businesses, which could subject us to liability for failing to comply with laws governing the sending of electronic messages to our users and the installation of downloadable applications. for example, canada's anti-spam legislation ("casl"), which became effective on july 1, 2014, prohibits all commercial electronic messages (including e-mail, text, social media, sound and image messages) that are sent without proper consumer consent. and, effective january 15, 2015, the casl restricts the unsolicited installation of computer programs and applications.  while several canadian regulators are jointly empowered to enforce and issue administrative and monetary penalties for casl violations, effective july 1, 2017 individuals may also file private and class action lawsuits to collect statutory damages for casl violations.
in addition, changing internet business practices may attract increased legal and regulatory attention. one example of such changing practices is the increasing use of "native" advertising, a form of advertising in which sponsored content is presented in a manner that some may view as similar to traditional editorial content. the u.s. federal trade commission has indicated that it will continue to monitor the use of online native advertising to ensure that it is presented in a manner that is not confusing or deceptive to consumers.
lastly, one of the businesses within our applications segment, slimware, operates a paid telephone technical support service, which it promotes, in part, through its software products. in the recent past and currently, the u.s. federal trade commission and various state regulatory agencies and attorneys general have been aggressively enforcing laws governing telephonic sales in the computer support industry. while slimware has put a related compliance program in place with the third party vendor who provides paid telephone technical support services on its behalf to ensure compliance with applicable laws, no assurances can be given that this program will be effective.
any failure on our part to comply with applicable laws may subject us to additional liabilities, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, if the laws to which we are currently subject are amended or interpreted adversely to our interests, or if new adverse laws are adopted, our products and services might need to be modified to comply with such laws, which would increase our costs and could result in decreased demand for our products and services to the extent that we pass on such costs to our customers. specifically, in the case of tax laws, positions that we have taken or will take are subject to interpretation by the relevant taxing authorities. while we believe that the positions we have taken to date comply with applicable law, there can be no assurances that the relevant taxing authorities will not take a contrary position, and if so, that such positions will not adversely affect us. any events of this nature could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we may fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or may be accused of infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties.
we rely heavily upon our trademarks and related domain names and logos to market our brands and to build and maintain brand loyalty and recognition, as well as upon trade secrets. we also rely, to a lesser extent, upon patented and patent‐pending proprietary technologies with expiration dates ranging from 2017 to 2034.
we rely on a combination of laws and contractual restrictions with employees, customers, suppliers, affiliates and others to establish and protect our various intellectual property rights. for example, we have generally registered and continue to apply to register and renew, or secure by contract where appropriate, trademarks and service marks as they are developed and used, and reserve, register and renew domain names as we deem appropriate. effective trademark protection may not be available or may not be sought in every country in which products and services are made available and contractual disputes may affect the use of marks governed by private contract. similarly, not every variation of a domain name may be available or be registered, even if available.
we also generally seek to apply for patents or for other similar statutory protections as and if we deem appropriate, based on then current facts and circumstances, and will continue to do so in the future. no assurances can be given that any patent application we have filed (or will file) will result in a patent being issued, or that any existing or future patents will afford adequate protection against competitors and similar technologies. in addition, no assurances can be given that third parties will not create new products or methods that achieve similar results without infringing upon patents we own.
despite these measures, our intellectual property rights may still not be protected in a meaningful manner, challenges to contractual rights could arise or third parties could copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property without authorization. the occurrence of any of these events could result in the erosion of our brands and limitations on our ability to control marketing on or through the internet using our various domain names, as well as impede our ability to effectively compete against competitors with similar technologies, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
26
from time to time, we have been subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of trademarks, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights held by third parties. in addition, litigation may be necessary in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets or to determine the validity and scope of proprietary rights claimed by others. any litigation of this nature, regardless of outcome or merit, could result in substantial costs and diversion of management and technical resources, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. patent litigation tends to be particularly protracted and expensive.
our estimated income taxes could be materially different from income taxes that we ultimately pay.
we are subject to income taxes in both the united states and numerous jurisdictions abroad. significant judgment and estimation is required in determining our provision for income taxes and related matters. in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determinations are uncertain or otherwise subject to interpretation. our determination of our income tax liability is always subject to review by applicable tax authorities and we are currently subject to audits in a number of jurisdictions. although we believe our income tax estimates and related determinations are reasonable and appropriate, relevant taxing authorities may disagree. the ultimate outcome of any such audits and reviews could be materially different from estimates and determinations reflected in our historical income tax provisions and accruals. any adverse outcome of any such audit or review could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations key terms:
when the following terms appear in this report, they have the meanings indicated below:
•   reportable segments
◦   match group - includes the businesses of match group, inc., which completed its initial public offering ("ipo") on november 24, 2015; and is comprised of dating, which consists of dating north america and dating international, and non-dating, which consists of the princeton review.
◦   homeadvisor - is a leading nationwide home services digital marketplace that helps connect consumers with home professionals.
◦   publishing - consists of premium brands, which includes about.com, dictionary.com, investopedia and the daily beast; and ask &amp; other, which includes ask.com, citygrid and askfm.
◦   applications - consists of consumer, which includes our direct-to-consumer downloadable desktop applications, including slimware, and apalon, which houses our mobile applications operations; and partnerships, which includes our business-to-business partnership operations.
◦   video - consists primarily of vimeo and dailyburn, as well as electus, iac films, collegehumor and notional.
◦   other - consists of shoebuy and pricerunner.
•   dating north america - includes match, chemistry, people media, plentyoffish, okcupid, tinder and other dating businesses operating within the united states and canada.
•   dating international - includes meetic, the international operations of plentyoffish and tinder and all other dating businesses operating outside of the united states and canada.
•   direct revenue - is revenue that is directly received by match group from an end user of its products.
•   average pmc - is calculated by summing the number of paid subscribers, or paid member count ("pmc"), at the end of each day in the relevant measurement period and dividing it by the number of calendar days in that period.
•   average revenue per paying user ("arppu") - is direct revenue in the relevant measurement period divided by the average pmc in such period divided by the number of calendar days in such period.
•   service requests - are fully completed and submitted customer service requests on homeadvisor.
•   paying service professionals ("sps") - are the number of service professionals that had an active membership or paid for leads in the last month of the period.
•   cost of revenue - consists primarily of traffic acquisition costs and includes payments made to partners who distribute our partnerships customized browser-based applications, integrate our paid listings into their websites and fees related to the distribution and facilitation of in-app purchase of product features. these payments include amounts based on revenue share and other arrangements. cost of revenue also includes shoebuy's cost of products sold and shipping and handling costs, production costs related to media produced by electus and other businesses within our video segment, content acquisition costs, expenses associated with the operation of the company's data centers, including compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs, rent, energy and hosting fees.
•   selling and marketing expense - consists primarily of advertising expenditures and compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in selling and marketing, sales support and customer service functions. advertising expenditures include online marketing, including fees paid to search
30
engines and third parties that distribute our consumer downloadable desktop applications, offline marketing, which is primarily television advertising and partner-related payments to those who direct traffic to the match group brands.
•   general and administrative expense - consists primarily of compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs for personnel engaged in executive management, finance, legal, tax and human resources, facilities costs and fees for professional services.
•   product development expense - consists primarily of compensation (including stock-based compensation) and other employee-related costs that are not capitalized for personnel engaged in the design, development, testing and enhancement of product offerings and related technology.
•   2012 senior notes - iac's 4.75% senior notes due december 15, 2022, with interest payable each june 15 and december 15, which commenced june 15, 2013; a portion of which were exchanged for new 6.75% match group senior notes on november 16, 2015.
•   2013 senior notes - iac's 4.875% senior notes due november 30, 2018, with interest payable each may 30 and november 30, which commenced may 30, 2014.
•   match group senior notes - match group's 6.75% senior notes due december 15, 2022, with interest payable each june 15 and december 15; which were issued in exchange for 2012 senior notes on november 16, 2015.
•   match group term loan - an $800 million, seven-year term loan received by match group on november 16, 2015.
•   liberty bonds - 5% new york city industrial development agency liberty bonds due september 1, 2035, with interest payable each march 1 and september 1, which commenced march 1, 2006. the liberty bonds were redeemed on september 1, 2015.
management overview iac is a leading media and internet company comprised of some of the world's most recognized brands and products, such as homeadvisor, vimeo, about.com, dictionary.com, the daily beast, investopedia, and match group's online dating portfolio, which includes match, okcupid, tinder and plentyoffish.
sources of revenue match group's dating revenue is substantially derived directly from users in the form of recurring membership fees, which typically provide unlimited access to a bundle of features for a specific period of time, and the balances from à la carte features, where users pay a fee for a specific action or event; with additional revenue generated from online advertisers who pay to reach our large audiences. non-dating revenue is primarily earned from fees received for in-person and online test preparation classes, access to online test preparation materials and individual tutoring services.
homeadvisor's revenue is derived primarily from fees paid by members of its network of home services professionals for consumer leads and memberships.
substantially all of the revenue from our publishing and applications segments is derived from online advertising. most of the company's online advertising revenue is attributable to our services agreement with google inc. ("google"). on october 26, 2015, the company and google entered into a services agreement that is effective as of april 1, 2016, following the expiration of the current services agreement, and expires on march 31, 2020. the company may choose to terminate the agreement effective march 31, 2019. these services agreements require that we comply with certain guidelines promulgated by google. google may generally unilaterally update its own policies and guidelines without advance notice, which could in turn require modifications to, or prohibit and/or render obsolete certain of our products, services and/or business practices, which could be costly to address or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, revenue earned from google was $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion and $1.5 billion, respectively. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, google revenue represents 83% and 94%; 83% and 97%; and 83% and 98%, of publishing and applications revenue, respectively.
the revenue earned by our video segment is derived from media production and distribution, subscriptions and advertising.
shoebuy's revenue is derived principally from merchandise sales. pricerunner's revenue is derived principally from advertising.
31
strategic partnerships, advertiser relationships and online advertising a significant component of the company's revenue is attributable to the services agreement with google described above. we market and offer our products and services directly to consumers through branded websites and subscriptions, allowing consumers to transact directly with us in a convenient manner. we have made, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in online and offline advertising to build our brands and drive traffic to our websites and consumers and advertisers to our businesses.
we pay traffic acquisition costs, which consist of payments to partners who distribute our partnerships customized browser-based applications, integrate our paid listings into their websites and fees related to the distribution and facilitation of in-app purchases of product features. we also pay to market and distribute our services on third-party distribution channels, such as search engines and social media websites. in addition, some of our businesses manage affiliate programs, pursuant to which we pay commissions and fees to third parties based on revenue earned. these distribution channels might also offer their own products and services, as well as those of other third parties, which compete with those we offer.
the cost of acquiring new consumers through online and offline third-party distribution channels has increased, particularly in the case of online channels, as internet commerce continues to grow and competition in the markets in which iac's businesses operate increases.
recent developments during the fourth quarter of 2015, iac realigned its reportable segments. see note 1-organization to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
on november 24, 2015, match group completed its ipo. at december 31, 2015, iac's ownership interest and voting interest in match group were 84.6% and 98.2%, respectively.
on november 16, 2015:
•   match group exchanged $445.3 million of 2012 senior notes for $445.2 million of match group senior notes.
•   match group amended and restated the match group credit agreement to provide for an $800 million term loan.
on october 28, 2015, match group completed the purchase of plentyoffish media inc., or plentyoffish, for $575 million in cash.
on october 26, 2015, the company amended and extended its services agreement with google as described above.
on october 7, 2015:
•   iac amended and restated its $300 million revolving credit facility, which now expires on october 7, 2020.
•   match group entered into a credit agreement, which provides for a $500 million revolving credit facility that expires on october 7, 2020.
factors affecting consolidated results in 2015, we delivered 4% revenue growth; however, adjusted ebitda and operating income declined 11% and 53%, respectively. revenue growth was primarily driven by the match group, homeadvisor and video segments; the decline in adjusted ebitda was primarily driven by the publishing segment; and the decline in operating income was primarily driven by the publishing, match group, other and corporate segments. revenue growth at the match group was driven by an increase in direct revenue and the full year contribution from the princeton review. homeadvisor's revenue growth was driven by higher service requests and an increase in paying sps in their domestic business, while the video segment saw strong revenue growth at vimeo, dailyburn and electus. adjusted ebitda was negatively impacted by lower revenue at publishing driven by a decrease at ask.com and certain legacy businesses. the operating income decline was due to the decrease in adjusted ebitda, an $88.0 million impairment charge related to certain indefinite-lived intangible assets at publishing, an increase of $45.8 million in stock-based compensation ($29.2 million at match group and $15.8 million at corporate) and a $14.1 million goodwill impairment charge at other.
other events affecting year-over-year comparability include:
(i)   foreign exchange effects, which negatively impacted dating revenue 6% (reflected in the match group segment);
32
(ii)   the acquisitions of eureka, on april 24, 2015, and plentyoffish, on october 28, 2015 (both reflected in the match group segment);
(iii)   $16.8 million of costs in 2015 related to the ongoing consolidation and streamlining of technology systems and european operations at the dating businesses (reflected in the match group segment);
(iv)   acquisitions in 2014 of:
•   the valueclick o&amp;o website businesses on january 10, 2014 (reflected in the publishing segment except for pricerunner which is reflected in the other segment),
•slimware on april 1, 2014 (reflected in the applications segment),
•the princeton review on august 1, 2014 (reflected in the match group segment),
•friendscout24 on august 31, 2014 (reflected in the match group segment), and
•apalon on november 3, 2014 (reflected in the applications segment);
(v)   the sale of the rezbook assets in july 2013, which resulted in a gain of $8.4 million (reflected in the other segment);
(vi)   the move of citygrid from the other segment to the publishing segment, effective july 1, 2013, following its reorganization; and
(vii)   $4.2 million in employee termination costs associated with the citygrid restructuring in 2013 (reflected in the other segment).
results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013
revenue years ended december 31,
2015                                                        $ change          % change   2014                              $ change          % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
match group                    $1,020,431              $132,163              15      %            $888,268             $85,179              11      %            $803,089
homeadvisor                       361,201                77,660              27      %             283,541              44,070              18      %             239,471
publishing                        691,686               (99,863    )        (13     )%             791,549             (11,592    )         (1     )%             803,141
applications                      760,748               (15,959    )         (2     )%             776,707             (57,929    )         (7     )%             834,636
video                             213,317                30,863              17      %             182,454              20,997              13      %             161,457
other                             184,095                (3,739    )         (2     )%             187,834               5,219               3      %             182,615
inter-segment elimination            (545   )   261                          33      %                (806   )   616                        43      %              (1,422   )
total                          $3,230,933              $121,386               4      %          $3,109,547             $86,560               3      %          $3,022,987
for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
match group revenue increased 15%, or 20% excluding the effects of foreign exchange, driven by a 9% increase in dating revenue attributable to 8% growth in direct revenue. direct revenue growth was primarily driven by higher average pmc at both north america and international, up 13% and 31%, respectively, due mainly to tinder, partially offset by 8% lower arppu due to brand mix shifts and foreign exchange effects. excluding foreign exchange effects, total dating revenue and international direct revenue would have increased 15% and 21%, respectively. non-dating revenue increased 114% principally due to the full year contribution from the princeton review, which was acquired on august 1, 2014.
homeadvisor revenue increased 27% due primarily to 43% growth at the homeadvisor domestic business, partially offset by international declines due primarily to the restructuring of certain european operations in the fourth quarter of 2014. homeadvisor domestic revenue growth was driven by 49% higher service requests and a 46% increase in paying sps.
publishing revenue decreased 13% due to 31% lower ask & other revenue, partially offset by 29% higher premium brands revenue. ask & other revenue decreased primarily to a decline in revenue at ask.com and certain legacy businesses. premium brands revenue increased due primarily to strong growth at about.com and investopedia.
33
applications revenue decreased 2% due to a 27% decline in partnerships, partially offset by 16% growth in consumer. consumer growth was driven by higher revenue from our downloadable desktop applications, including slimware, and a full year contribution from apalon, our mobile applications business, which was acquired on november 3, 2014.
video revenue grew 17% due primarily to strong growth at vimeo, dailyburn and electus.
other revenue decreased 2% due to lower revenue at pricerunner.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
match group revenue increased 11%, driven by a 6% increase in dating revenue due to higher direct revenue. direct revenue growth was primarily driven by higher average pmc at both north america and international, up 11% and 8%, respectively, due to a strong increase in beginning pmc, partially offset by 3% lower arppu due to brand mix shifts. non-dating revenue increased 248%, as a result of the acquisition of the princeton review on august 1, 2014.
homeadvisor revenue increased 18% due primarily to 17% growth at the homeadvisor domestic business driven by 13% higher service requests and a 24% increase in paying sps.
publishing revenue decreased 1% due to 8% lower ask & other revenue, partially offset by 19% higher premium brands revenue. ask & other revenue decreased due primarily to a decline in revenue from ask.com, partially offset by the contribution of citygrid, which was moved from the other segment to the publishing segment, effective july 1, 2013, following its reorganization. premium brands revenue increased due primarily to growth from about.com and the full year contribution from investopedia, partially offset by the impact of the closure of the newsweek print business and sale of the newsweek digital business in august 2013.
applications revenue decreased 7% due to a 31% decline in partnerships, partially offset by 23% growth in consumer. partnerships revenue decreased due primarily to the loss of certain partners. consumer growth was driven by increased contributions from existing and new products, as well as the full year contribution from slimware, which was acquired on april 1, 2014.
video revenue increased 13% due primarily to strong growth at vimeo, the contribution of $11.3 million from iac films and growth at dailyburn, partially offset by declines in revenue at electus. the contribution from iac films was due to the release of top five.
other revenue increased 3% due to the contribution from pricerunner and growth from shoebuy, partially offset by the move of citygrid described above.
cost of revenue years ended december 31,
2015                                        $ change        % change   2014                $ change         % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
cost of revenue              $778,161       $(82,043)       (10)%           $860,204       $(117,153)       (12)%           $977,357
as a percentage of revenue        24%                                            28%                                             32%
for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
cost of revenue decreased in 2015 from 2014 due to decreases of $87.8 million from publishing and $65.3 million from applications, partially offset by increases of $58.0 million from match group and $10.4 million from video.
•   the publishing decrease was due primarily to a reduction of $87.1 million in traffic acquisition costs at ask &amp; other driven primarily by a decline in revenue at ask.com.
•   the applications decrease was due primarily to a reduction of $72.2 million in traffic acquisition costs driven by a decline in revenue at partnerships.
•   the match group increase was due primarily to a significant increase in in-app purchase fees given that its native mobile apps were largely introduced in the second quarter of 2014, the full year contribution from the acquisition of the princeton review and higher hosting fees driven by growth in users and product features.
34
•   the video increase was due primarily to increases in hosting fees and content costs related to vimeo's expanded on demand catalog.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
cost of revenue decreased in 2014 from 2013 due to decreases of $101.8 million from applications, $54.7 million from publishing and $7.8 million from other, partially offset by increases of $34.1 million from match group and $11.4 million from video.
•   the applications decrease was due primarily to a reduction of $102.1 million in traffic acquisition costs driven primarily from lower revenue from partnerships.
•   the publishing decrease was due primarily to a reduction of $69.6 million in traffic acquisition costs at ask &amp; other driven primarily by lower revenue from ask.com and a decrease from the impact of the closure of the newsweek print business and sale of the newsweek digital business at premium brands, partially offset by the acquisition of certain valueclick o&amp;o website businesses and the move of citygrid from the other segment to the publishing segment.
•   the other decrease was due primarily to the move of citygrid, partially offset by increases from the acquisition of pricerunner and the cost of products sold at shoebuy resulting from increased sales.
•   the match group increase was due primarily to the acquisition of the princeton review and a significant increase in in-app purchases given that its native mobile apps were largely introduced in the second quarter of 2014, as well as higher hosting fees driven by growth in users and product features.
•   the video increase was due primarily to increases in hosting fees and content costs at vimeo and a net increase in production costs at our media businesses.
selling and marketing expense years ended december 31,
2015                                             $ change       % change   2014                  $ change       % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
selling and marketing expense   $1,345,576       $198,167       17%             $1,147,409       $164,635       17%             $982,774
as a percentage of revenue             42%                                             37%                                           33%
for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
selling and marketing expense in 2015 increased from 2014 due to increases of $62.7 million from homeadvisor, $56.6 million from publishing, $41.0 million from applications, $24.5 million from match group and $17.0 million from video.
•   the homeadvisor increase was due primarily to increases of $41.5 million in offline and online marketing and $19.1 million in compensation due, in part, to an increase in salesforce at homeadvisor domestic.
•   the publishing increase was due primarily to an increase of $54.8 million in online marketing across premium brands, including about.com, partially offset by declines at ask.com.
•   the applications increase was due primarily to an increase of $38.1 million in online marketing, which was primarily related to a significant increase in new downloadable desktop applications at consumer.
•   the match group increase was due primarily to the full year contribution from the 2014 acquisitions of friendscout24 and the princeton review, an increase in stock-based compensation and from the 2015 acquisition of eureka.
•   the video increase was due primarily to an increase of $13.3 million in online marketing driven primarily from vimeo.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
selling and marketing expense in 2014 increased from 2013 due to increases of $75.8 million from applications, $28.9 million from publishing, $26.5 million from homeadvisor, $17.9 million from video and $13.2 million from match group.
35
•   the applications increase was due primarily to an increase in online marketing related to our downloadable desktop applications at consumer and the acquisition of slimware.
•   the publishing increase was due primarily to premium brands, partially offset by ask &amp; other. the increase from premium brands was due primarily to an increase in online marketing at about.com, and from the acquisition of investopedia. the decrease from ask &amp; other was due primarily to a decrease in online marketing at ask.com.
•   the homeadvisor increase was due primarily to increases of $12.7 million in compensation due, in part, to an increase in salesforce at homeadvisor domestic and $11.1 million in offline marketing.
•   the video increase was due primarily to an increase of $13.6 million in online and offline marketing at vimeo and dailyburn.
•   the match group increase was due primarily to an increase of $5.4 million from dating related to the acquisition of friendscout24 and an increase in advertising spend, as well as an increase of $4.5 million from the acquisition the princeton review.
general and administrative expense years ended december 31,
2015                                                $ change       % change   2014                $ change       % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
general and administrative expense   $525,629       $82,019        18%             $443,610       $65,468        17%             $378,142
as a percentage of revenue                16%                                           14%                                           13%
for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
general and administrative expense in 2015 increased from 2014 due to increases of $58.0 million from match group, $11.7 million from corporate and $9.0 million from homeadvisor.
•   the match group increase was due primarily to the full year contribution from the acquisition of the princeton review, an increase of $19.2 million in stock-based compensation expense due to the modification of certain awards in the current year and the issuance of equity awards since the prior year, and an increase of $3.3 million in severance expense and costs in the current year related to the ongoing consolidation and streamlining of technology systems and european operations at our dating businesses, partially offset by a $3.9 million benefit in the prior year related to the expiration of the statute of limitations for a non-income tax matter.
•   the corporate increase was due primarily to an increase in stock-based compensation expense as a result of a higher number of forfeited awards in the prior year and the modification of certain awards in the current year.
•   the homeadvisor increase was due primarily to increases in compensation as a result of increased headcount at homeadvisor domestic and bad debt expense.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
general and administrative expense in 2014 increased from 2013 due to increases of $24.2 million from match group, $14.5 million from publishing, $11.8 million from homeadvisor, $7.7 million from video and $5.0 million from other.
•   the match group increase was due primarily to an increase of $21.2 million from the acquisition of the princeton review and an increase of $10.7 million in compensation at dating resulting from an increase of $8.5 million in stock-based compensation due to new grants and increased headcount. these increases were partially offset by a decrease of $13.3 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments at twoo driven by changes in the forecast of earnings and operating metrics, and a $3.9 million benefit in the first quarter of 2014 related to the expiration of the statute of limitations for a non-income tax matter.
•   the publishing increase was due primarily to the inclusion in the prior year of a $6.3 million gain related to the sale of newsweek in august 2013 and an increase from recent acquisitions.
•   the homeadvisor increase was due primarily to increases in compensation at homeadvisor domestic and bad debt expense.
•   the video increase was due primarily to an increase in compensation at vimeo due, in part, to increased headcount.
36
•   the other increase was due primarily to the inclusion in the prior year of an $8.4 million gain on the sale of rezbook assets in july 2013 and the acquisition of pricerunner, partially offset by $4.2 million in employee termination costs in the prior year associated with the 2013 citygrid restructuring.
product development expense years ended december 31,
2015                                         $ change       % change   2014                $ change       % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
product development expense   $185,766       $25,251        16%             $160,515       $20,756        15%             $139,759
as a percentage of revenue          6%                                            5%                                            5%
for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
product development expense in 2015 increased from 2014 due to increases of $17.6 million from match group and $5.5 million from homeadvisor.
•   the match group increase was due primarily to increased compensation from existing businesses and from acquisitions at dating, as well as $4.0 million in severance expense in the current year, primarily incurred in the first half of 2015, related to the ongoing consolidation and streamlining of technology systems and european operations at our dating business.
•   the homeadvisor increase was primarily related to an increase in compensation at homeadvisor domestic due, in part, to increased headcount.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
product development expense increased in 2014 from 2013 due to increases of $10.8 million from publishing, $6.8 million from match group and $2.4 million from video.
•   the publishing increase was primarily related to the increases at both ask &amp; other and premium brands. ask &amp; other increased from the acquisition of certain valueclick o&amp;o website businesses. premium brands increased due primarily to an increase in compensation due, in part, to increased headcount at about.com.
•   the match group increase was primarily related to an increase in compensation driven primarily by increased headcount at tinder and tutor.com (now the princeton review).
•   the video increase was due to an increase in headcount at vimeo.
depreciation years ended december 31,
2015                                       $ change       % change   2014               $ change       % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
depreciation                 $62,205       $1,049         2%              $61,156       $2,247         4%              $58,909
as a percentage of revenue        2%                                           2%                                           2%
for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
depreciation in 2015 increased from 2014 due primarily to the acquisition of the princeton review and incremental depreciation associated with capital expenditures, partially offset by certain fixed assets becoming fully depreciated.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
depreciation in 2014 increased from 2013 due to acquisitions and the incremental depreciation associated with capital expenditures, partially offset by certain fixed assets becoming fully depreciated and the inclusion in the prior year of the write-off of $2.7 million in capitalized software costs at about.com primarily related to projects which commenced prior to its acquisition.
37
adjusted ebitda years ended december 31,
2015                                                       $ change         % change   2014                             $ change          % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
match group                     $278,667                $5,219              2      %          $273,448               $2,217               1      %          $271,231
homeadvisor                       18,529                   828              5      %            17,701                2,328              15      %            15,373
publishing                        87,788               (63,172    )       (42     )%           150,960              (10,990    )         (7     )%           161,950
applications                     184,258                (1,934    )        (1     )%           186,192              (33,071    )        (15     )%           219,263
video                            (38,384   )             1,532              4      %           (39,916   )          (18,519    )        (87     )%           (21,397   )
other                             10,621                (2,513    )       (19     )%            13,134                5,614              75      %             7,520
corporate                        (55,689   )             1,754              3      %           (57,443   )           (1,806    )         (3     )%           (55,637   )
total                           $485,790              $(58,286    )       (11     )%          $544,076             $(54,227    )         (9     )%          $598,303
as a percentage of revenue               15%                                                           17%                                                           20%
refer to note 13 to the consolidated financial statements for reconciliations of adjusted ebitda to operating income (loss) by reportable segment and to net earnings attributable to iac's shareholders.
for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
match group adjusted ebitda increased 2% due primarily to an increase in revenue and reduced losses from the princeton review, partially offset by $16.8 million of costs in the current year period related to the ongoing consolidation and streamlining of technology systems and european operations at our dating businesses, an increase in cost of revenue and $3.9 million benefit in the prior year related to the expiration of the statute of limitations for a non-income tax matter.
homeadvisor adjusted ebitda increased 5% due primarily to higher revenue, partially offset by an increased investment in offline and online marketing, higher compensation due, in part, to increased headcount, and increased bad debt expense at homeadvisor domestic.
publishing adjusted ebitda decreased 42% due primarily to lower revenue and an increase in selling and marketing expense, partially offset by a decrease in cost of revenue. the increase in selling and marketing expense was primarily related to an increase in online marketing across premium brands, including about.com, partially offset by a decline at ask.com. the decrease in cost of revenue was due primarily to a decrease in traffic acquisition costs driven primarily by a decline in revenue at ask.com.
applications adjusted ebitda decreased 1% due to lower revenue and an increase in selling and marketing expense, partially offset by a decrease in cost of revenue. the increase in selling and marketing expense was primarily due to a significant increase in online marketing related to new downloadable desktop applications at consumer. the decrease in cost of revenue was due primarily to a decrease in traffic acquisition costs driven by a decline in revenue from partnerships.
video adjusted ebitda loss decreased 4% due primarily to increased profits at electus and reduced losses at dailyburn and iac films, partially offset by increased investment in vimeo.
other adjusted ebitda decreased 19% due to lower revenue.
corporate adjusted ebitda loss decreased 3% due to lower compensation.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
match group adjusted ebitda increased 1% due primarily to higher revenue, partially offset by losses from the acquisition of the princeton review and higher cost of revenue. the increase in cost of revenue was due primarily to a significant increase in in-app purchases given that dating's native mobile apps were largely introduced in the second quarter of 2014.
38
homeadvisor adjusted ebitda increased 15% due primarily to higher revenue, partially offset by increased compensation at homeadvisor domestic and increased offline marketing.
publishing adjusted ebitda decreased 7% due primarily to lower revenue and an increase in selling and marketing expense, partially offset by the move of citygrid from the other segment to the publishing segment, the inclusion in the prior year of a $6.3 million gain related to the sale of newsweek in august 2013, a decrease in cost of revenue and the contribution from the acquisition of certain valueclick o&o website businesses. the increase in selling and marketing expense was due primarily to an increase in online marketing at about.com, partially offset by a decrease at ask.com. the decrease in cost of revenue was due primarily to a reduction in traffic acquisition costs driven primarily by lower revenue from ask.com.
applications adjusted ebitda decreased 15% due primarily to lower revenue, an increase in selling and marketing expense and losses related to the acquisition of slimware, partially offset by lower cost of revenue. the increase in selling and marketing expense is due primarily to an increase in online marketing related to our downloadable desktop applications at consumer. the loss from slimware was due to the write-off of $11.0 million of deferred revenue in connection with its acquisition on april 1, 2014. the lower cost of revenue was due primarily to a reduction in traffic acquisition costs driven primarily from lower revenue from partnerships.
video adjusted ebitda loss increased 87% due primarily to increased investment in vimeo and losses at iac films and dailyburn, partially offset by lower losses at electus.
other adjusted ebitda increased 75% due primarily to the contribution from the acquisition of pricerunner and the inclusion of $4.2 million in employee termination costs in 2013 associated with the citygrid restructuring, partially offset by the prior year benefiting from an $8.4 million gain on the sale of rezbook assets in july 2013.
corporate adjusted ebitda loss increased 3% to a loss due primarily to higher professional fees.
operating income (loss)
years ended december 31,
2015                                                      $ change          % change   2014                              $ change          % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
match group                     $193,556             $(35,011    )        (15     )%          $228,567                $7,234               3      %          $221,333
homeadvisor                        6,452                5,391             509      %             1,061                   777             274      %   284
publishing                       (26,692   )         (137,215    )         nm                  110,523                (8,961    )         (7     )%           119,484
applications                     175,145               (3,815    )         (2     )%           178,960               (35,956    )        (17     )%           214,916
video                            (38,756   )            4,590              11      %           (43,346   )           (19,202    )        (80     )%           (24,144   )
other                             (9,186   )          (17,294    )         nm                    8,108                 8,452              nm                     (344   )
corporate                       (120,931   )          (15,785    )        (15     )%          (105,146   )               180               -      %          (105,326   )
total                           $179,588            $(199,139    )        (53     )%          $378,727              $(47,476    )        (11     )%          $426,203
as a percentage of revenue                6%                                                           12%                                                            14%
________________________
nm = not meaningful for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the year ended december 31, 2014
operating income in 2015 decreased from 2014 due to the decrease of $58.3 million in adjusted ebitda described above and increases of $82.0 million in amortization of intangibles, $45.8 million in stock-based compensation expense and $14.1 million in goodwill impairment, partially offset by an increase in gains of $2.1 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments. the increase in amortization of intangibles was due primarily to an $88.0 million impairment charge related to certain trade names of certain ask & other direct marketing brands, including ask.com. the impairment charge reflects the impact of recent google ecosystem changes that have impacted our ability to market, the effect of the reduced revenue share on mobile under the terms of the services agreement with google, which was entered into on october 26, 2015, and the shift in focus to higher margin businesses in publishing's premium brands. the combined impact of these factors has reduced the forecasted revenue and profits for these brands and the impairment charge reflects the resultant
39
reduction in fair value. the increase in stock-based compensation expense was due primarily to the modification of certain equity awards in the current year period, a higher number of forfeited awards in the prior year and issuance of equity awards since the prior year. the goodwill impairment charge at shoebuy was due to increased investment and the seasonal effect of high inventory levels as of october 1, 2015, the date of our most recent annual assessment. the increase in gains in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments was the result of an update of the future forecast of earnings and operating metrics related to certain acquired businesses.
at december 31, 2015, there was $190.6 million of unrecognized compensation cost, net of estimated forfeitures, related to all equity-based awards, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately 2.7 years.
for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the year ended december 31, 2013
operating income in 2014 decreased from 2013 due to the decrease of $54.2 million in adjusted ebitda described above and increases of $6.6 million in stock-based compensation expense and $2.2 million in depreciation, partially offset by an increase in gains of $13.7 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments and a decrease of $1.9 million in amortization of intangibles. the increase in stock-based compensation expense was due primarily to the issuance of equity awards since the prior year. the increase in gains of acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments was principally related to changes in twoo's future forecast of earnings and operating metrics. the decrease in amortization of intangibles was primarily related to lower amortization expense at dating due to certain intangible assets becoming fully amortized, and the inclusion in the prior year of a $3.4 million impairment charge associated with an indefinite-lived intangible asset related to the citygrid restructuring, partially offset by amortization of intangibles related to recent acquisitions.
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates years ended december 31,
2015                                                                  $ change       % change   2014                $ change       % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
equity in earnings (losses) of unconsolidated affiliates   $772       $10,469        nm              $(9,697)       $(3,082)       (47)%           $(6,615)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates in 2015 increased from 2014 due primarily to reduced losses associated with our equity method investees, and the inclusion in the second quarter of 2014 of a $4.2 million other-than-temporary impairment charge on one of our investments following the sale of a majority of the investee's assets.
equity in losses of unconsolidated affiliates in 2014 increased from 2013 due primarily to the inclusion in the second quarter of 2014 of the above mentioned $4.2 million other-than-temporary impairment charge, partially offset by reduced losses associated with our equity method investments.
interest expense years ended december 31,
2015                               $ change        % change   2014                 $ change        % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
interest expense   $(73,636)       $(17,322)       (31)%           $(56,314)       $(22,718)       (68)%           $(33,596)
interest expense in 2015 increased from 2014 due primarily to both the costs and the higher interest rate associated with the exchange of $445 million of match group senior notes for a substantially like amount of 2012 senior notes, as well as the $800 million match group term loan. in connection with the note exchange, $7.3 million in costs were expensed during the current year. the note exchange and term loan borrowings closed on november 16, 2015. interest expense in 2015 was also impacted by the accelerated amortization of deferred financing costs associated with the redemption of the liberty bonds on september 1, 2015.
interest expense in 2014 increased from 2013 due primarily to the 2013 senior notes, which were issued on november 15, 2013.
40
other income (expense), net years ended december 31,
2015                                        $ change       % change   2014                 $ change        % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
other income (expense), net   $36,149       $78,936        nm              $(42,787)       $(73,096)       nm              $30,309
other income, net in 2015 includes a pre-tax gain of $34.3 million from a real estate transaction in the current year period and $5.4 million in net foreign currency exchange gains, partially offset by $6.7 million in other-than-temporary impairment charges related to certain cost method investments as a result of our assessment of the near-term prospects and financial condition of the investees.
other expense, net in 2014 includes $66.6 million in other-than-temporary impairment charges related to certain cost method investments as a result of our assessment of the near-term prospects and financial condition of the investees, partially offset by a $19.4 million gain related to the sale of urbanspoon and $3.6 million in gains related to the sale of several long-term investments.
other income, net in 2013 includes $35.9 million in gains related to the sale of long-term investments, partially offset by a $5.0 million other-than-temporary impairment charge related to a cost method investment.
income tax provision years ended december 31,
2015                                   $ change       % change   2014                 $ change       % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
income tax provision   $(29,516)       nm             nm              $(35,372)       nm             nm              $(134,502)
for discussion of income taxes see note 3-income taxes to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2015, the company recorded an income tax provision for continuing operations of $29.5 million, which represents an effective income tax rate of 21%. the effective rate was lower than the statutory rate of 35% due primarily to the realization of certain deferred tax assets, foreign income taxed at lower rates, the non-taxable gain on contingent consideration fair value adjustments in the current year period, and a reduction in tax reserves and related interest due to the expiration of statutes of limitations, partially offset by a non-deductible goodwill impairment charge and unbenefited losses of unconsolidated subsidiaries.
in 2014, the company recorded an income tax provision for continuing operations of $35.4 million, which represents an effective income tax rate of 13%. the effective rate was lower than the statutory rate of 35% due principally to a reduction in tax reserves and related interest of $88.2 million due to the expiration of statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for 2001 through 2009 and foreign income taxed at lower rates, partially offset by the largely unbenefited loss associated with the write-downs of certain of the company's investments and non-deductible goodwill associated with the sale of urbanspoon.
in 2013, the company recorded an income tax provision for continuing operations of $134.5 million, which represents an effective income tax rate of 32%. the effective rate was lower than the statutory rate of 35% due primarily to foreign income taxed at lower rates.
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax years ended december 31,
2015                                                          $ change       % change   2014                $ change       % change   2013
(dollars in thousands)
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax   $17       nm             nm              $174,673       nm             nm              $1,926
earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax in 2014 was due to the release of tax reserves related to the expiration of the statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for the years 2001 through 2009.
41
financial position, liquidity and capital resources financial position december 31, 2015            december 31, 2014
(in thousands)
cash and cash equivalents:
united states (1)                                                                                                                                       $1,109,331                     $770,050
all other countries (2)                                                                                                                                    372,116                      220,355
marketable securities (united states) (3)                                                                                                                   39,200                      160,648
total cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities (4)                                                                                           $1,520,647                   $1,151,053
long-term debt:
match group term loan due november 16, 2022 (5)                                                                                                           $800,000                           $-
match group senior notes due december 15, 2022                                                                                                             445,172                            -
2013 senior notes due november 30, 2018                                                                                                                    500,000                      500,000
2012 senior notes due december 15, 2022                                                                                                                     54,732                      500,000
liberty bonds                                                                                                                                                    -                       80,000
$1,799,904                   $1,080,000
less: current portion of long-term debt                                                                                                                     40,000                            -
less: net adjustment for remaining original issue discount on match group term loan and original issue premium related to the match exchange offer          11,691                            -
total long-term debt, net of current maturities                                                                                                         $1,748,213                   $1,080,000
(1) domestically, cash equivalents primarily consist of aaa rated money market funds and commercial paper rated a2/p2 or better.
(2) internationally, cash equivalents primarily consist of time deposits and aaa rated money market funds. if needed for our u.s. operations, most of the cash and cash equivalents held by the company's foreign subsidiaries could be repatriated; however, under current law, would be subject to u.s. federal and state income taxes. we have not provided for any such tax because the company currently does not anticipate a need to repatriate these funds to finance our u.s. operations and it is the company's intent to indefinitely reinvest these funds outside of the u.s.
(3) marketable securities consist of short-to-medium-term debt securities issued by investment grade corporate issuers and an equity security. the company invests in marketable debt securities with active secondary or resale markets to ensure portfolio liquidity to fund current operations or satisfy other cash requirements as needed. the company also invests in equity securities as part of its investment strategy.
(4) at december 31, 2015, cash and cash equivalents includes match group's domestic and international cash and cash equivalents of $34.4 million and $53.8 million, respectively. marketable securities include $11.6 million at match group. agreements governing match group's indebtedness limit the payment of dividends or distributions, loans or advances to stockholders, including the company. in addition, match group is a separate and distinct legal entity with its own public shareholders and has no obligation to provide the company with funds. as a result, we may not freely access the cash of match group and its subsidiaries.
(5) the proceeds received from the match group term loan will be used for general corporate purposes.
cash flow information
42
in summary, the company's cash flows attributable to continuing operations are as follows:
december 31,
2015                                                                    2014                  2013
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                $349,405              $424,048              $410,961
net cash used in investing activities                    (582,721   )          (439,794   )           (79,761   )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities       734,808               (80,980   )            17,666
2015
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations consists of earnings or loss from continuing operations adjusted for non-cash items, including stock-based compensation expense, depreciation, amortization of intangibles, asset impairment charges, excess tax benefits from stock-based awards, deferred income taxes, equity in earnings or losses of unconsolidated affiliates, acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments, as well as adjustments related to gains from investing activities, and the effect of changes in working capital. net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2015 consists of earnings from continuing operations of $113.4 million, adjustments for non-cash items of $187.1 million, and a $49.0 million increase in cash from changes in working capital. adjustments for non-cash items and gains from investing activities primarily consist of $140.0 million of amortization of intangibles, $105.5 million of stock-based compensation, $62.2 million of depreciation and $14.1 million of goodwill impairment, partially offset by $59.8 million of deferred income taxes, $56.4 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards, $34.3 million of gain on a real estate transaction and $15.5 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments. the deferred income tax benefit primarily relates to amortization of intangibles and stock-based compensation. the increase from changes in working capital consist primarily of an increase in deferred revenue of $66.9 million and an increase in income taxes payable of $24.2 million, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of $29.7 million and an increase in other assets of $21.2 million. the increase in deferred revenue was due mainly to growth in prepaid revenue at match group, vimeo and homeadvisor, increases related to acquisitions, and increases at electus, collegehumor and notional mainly due to the timing of various production deals. the increase in income taxes payable was due to current year income tax accruals in excess of current year income tax payments. the increase in accounts receivable was primarily due to growth in match group's in-app purchases sold through their mobile products and revenue growth at homeadvisor. the increase in other assets was primarily due to match group, relating to an increase in prepaid expenses, primarily from growth and the signing of longer-term contracts, as well as an increase in vat refund receivables in the publishing segment.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2015 includes the purchase of acquisitions and investments of $651.9 million, which includes plentyoffish, and capital expenditures of $62.0 million, primarily related to the internal development of software to support our products and services, and computer hardware, partially offset by the proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable debt securities and sales of long-term investments and an asset, net of purchases, of $134.7 million.
net cash provided by financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2015 includes $788.0 million in borrowings from the match group term loan, $428.8 million in net proceeds received from match group's initial public offering and excess tax benefits from stock-based awards of $56.4 million, partially offset by $200.0 million used for the repurchase of 3.0 million shares of common stock at an average price of $67.68 per share, $113.2 million related to the payment of cash dividends to iac shareholders, $80.0 million for the early redemption of the liberty bonds, $38.4 million in proceeds related to the issuance of common stock, net of withholding taxes, $32.2 million for the purchase of noncontrolling interests, $23.4 million for the repurchase of stock-based awards and $19.1 million of debt issuance costs primarily associated with the match group term loan and revolving credit facility.
2014
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2014 consists of earnings from continuing operations of $234.6 million, adjustments for non-cash items and gains from investing activities totaling $272.4 million, partially offset by a decrease from working capital activities of $82.9 million. adjustments for non-cash items and gains from investing activities primarily consist of $76.9 million of deferred income taxes, $66.6 million of impairments related to long-term investments, $61.2 million of depreciation, $59.6 million of stock-based compensation expense and $57.9 million of amortization of intangibles, partially offset by $45.0 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards, a $21.9 million adjustment related to gains on sales of a business and long-term investments and $13.4 million in acquisition-related contingent consideration fair value adjustments. the deferred income tax provision primarily relates to a net reduction in deferred tax
43
assets related to the expiration of statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for the years 2001 through 2009. the changes from working capital activities consist of a decrease in income taxes payable of $94.5 million and an increase in accounts receivable of $19.9 million, partially offset by an increase in deferred revenue of $30.1 million. the decrease in income taxes payable is primarily due to a net reduction in tax reserves related to the expiration of statutes of limitations for federal income taxes for the years 2001 through 2009, partially offset by current year income tax accruals in excess of current year income tax payments. the increase in accounts receivable is primarily due to revenue growth at homeadvisor. the increase in deferred revenue is due to increases related to acquisitions and growth in membership and subscription revenue at match group and vimeo, respectively.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2014 includes acquisitions of $259.4 million, which include the valueclick o&o website businesses, the princeton review, slimware and friendscout24, purchases of marketable debt securities, net of proceeds from maturities and sales of $154.2 million, capital expenditures of $57.2 million primarily related to the internal development of software to support our products and services, and investments of $24.3 million, partially offset by $58.4 million of proceeds from the sales of a business and long-term investments.
net cash used in financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2014 includes $97.3 million related to the payment of cash dividends to iac shareholders, $33.2 million for the purchase of noncontrolling interests in tinder and meetic, and $8.1 million in contingent consideration payments related principally to the 2013 twoo acquisition, partially offset by excess tax benefits from stock-based awards of $45.0 million and the return of $12.4 million of funds held in escrow related to the meetic tender offer.
2013
net cash provided by operating activities attributable to continuing operations in 2013 consists of earnings from continuing operations of $281.8 million, adjustments for non-cash items and gains from investing activities totaling $110.6 million, and an increase from working capital activities of $18.5 million. adjustments for non-cash items and gains on investing activities primarily consist of $59.8 million of amortization of intangibles, $58.9 million of depreciation and $53.0 million of stock-based compensation expense, partially offset by a $50.6 million adjustment related to gains on sales of long-term investments and assets and $32.9 million of excess tax benefits from stock-based awards. the changes from working capital activities consist of an increase in income taxes payable of $49.2 million and a decrease in accounts receivable of $10.4 million partially offset by an increase of $34.6 million in other assets. the increase in income taxes payable is due to current year income tax accruals in excess of current year income tax payments. the decrease in accounts receivable is primarily due to a $14.8 million decrease in accounts receivable related to newsweek's transition to a digital only publication and our services agreement with google; the related receivable from google declined from $125.3 million at december 31, 2012 to $112.3 million at december 31, 2013, mainly due to lower year-over-year december revenue. these decreases were partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable at electus due to higher revenue. the increase in other assets was primarily due to an increase in short-term and long-term production costs at certain of our media businesses that are capitalized as the television program, video or film is being produced.
net cash used in investing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2013 includes acquisitions of $40.4 million, which include twoo, capital expenditures of $80.3 million, which include $23.6 million related to the purchase of a 50% ownership interest in an aircraft and investments of $51.1 million, partially offset by net maturities and sales of marketable debt securities and sales of long-term investments and assets of $95.6 million.
net cash provided by financing activities attributable to continuing operations in 2013 includes $500.0 million in proceeds from the issuance of our 2013 senior notes and excess tax benefits from stock-based awards of $32.9 million, partially offset by $264.2 million for the repurchase of 4.5 million shares of common stock at an average price of $50.63 per share, $79.2 million related to the payment of cash dividends to iac shareholders, $71.5 million held in escrow related to the meetic tender offer, $67.9 million for the purchase of noncontrolling interests in meetic and a subsidiary of homeadvisor, $15.8 million for the payment of our 2002 senior notes, which were due january 15, 2013, and $7.4 million of debt issuance costs associated with our 2013 senior notes.
liquidity and capital resources the company's principal sources of liquidity are its cash and cash equivalents and marketable securities as well as cash flows generated from operations. iac has a $300 million revolving credit facility that was amended and restated on october 7, 2015, and now expires on october 7, 2020 (the "iac credit facility"). the obligations under the iac credit facility are secured by the stock of certain iac domestic and foreign subsidiaries and unconditionally guaranteed by certain wholly-owned iac domestic subsidiaries. at december 31, 2015, there were no outstanding borrowings under the iac credit facility. on october 7, 2015, match group entered into a credit agreement (the "match group credit agreement") which provides for a five-year $500 million revolving credit facility (the "match group credit facility"). at december 31, 2015, there were no outstanding borrowings under the match group credit facility.
44
on november 16, 2015, match group completed a private exchange offer to eligible holders to exchange any and all of the 2012 senior notes for up to $500 million aggregate principal amount of match group senior notes issued by match group ("match exchange offer"). match group exchanged $445.3 million of 2012 senior notes for $445.2 million of match group senior notes pursuant to the match exchange offer. promptly following the closing of the match exchange offer, substantially all of the restrictive covenants of the 2012 senior notes were removed and match group and its subsidiaries were designated as unrestricted subsidiaries of iac for purposes of the indentures governing the 2013 and 2012 senior notes and the iac credit facility. following the designation, neither match group nor any of its subsidiaries guaranteed any debt of iac, or are subject to any of the covenants related to such debt.
on november 16, 2015, match group amended and restated the match group credit agreement to provide for an $800 million, seven-year term loan. principal payments of $10 million under the match group term loan are due quarterly through maturity, at which point a final principal payment of $530 million will become due. additionally, the match group term loan may require additional annual principal payments as part of an excess cash flow sweep provision, the amount of which is governed by the net secured leverage ratio. the match group term loan bears interest, at its option, at either the base rate or libor, plus 3.50% or 4.50%, respectively, with, in the case of libor, a floor of 1.00%. interest payments are due no less than semi-annually through the term of the loan. the match group term loan and outstanding borrowings, if any, under the match group credit facility rank pari-passu with each other, and have priority over the match group senior notes.
the indenture governing the 2013 senior notes restricts our ability to incur additional indebtedness in the event we are not in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio of 3.0 to 1.0. in addition, the terms of the iac credit facility require that we maintain a leverage ratio of not more than 3.25 to 1.0 and restrict our ability to incur additional indebtedness. the indenture governing the match group senior notes restricts match group's ability to incur additional indebtedness in the event they are not in compliance with the maximum leverage ratio of 5.0 to 1.0. additionally, the terms of the match group credit facility require match group to maintain a leverage ratio of not more than 5.00 to 1.00 and a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 2.50 to 1.00. as of december 31, 2015, iac and match group were in compliance with all applicable covenants.
there are additional covenants under the match group credit facility and the match group term loan that limit match group's ability and the ability of its subsidiaries to, among other things, incur indebtedness, pay dividends or make distributions. while the match group term loan remains outstanding, these same covenants under the match group credit agreement are more restrictive than the covenants that are applicable to the match group credit facility. obligations under the match group credit facility and match group term loan are unconditionally guaranteed by certain wholly-owned match group domestic subsidiaries, and are also secured by the stock of certain match group domestic and foreign subsidiaries. in addition, match group is a separate and distinct legal entity with its own public shareholders and has no obligation to provide the company with funds. as a result, we may not freely access the cash of match group and its subsidiaries. match group generated approximately 60%, 41% and 43% of the company operating cash flow in the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the company anticipates that it will need to make capital and other expenditures in connection with the development and expansion of its operations. the company expects that 2016 capital expenditures will be higher than 2015 by approximately 10% to 20%, driven by leasehold improvements related to a new lease for match group's corporate headquarters and homeadvisor's sales center expansion. at december 31, 2015, iac had 5.6 million shares remaining in its share repurchase authorization. iac may purchase shares over an indefinite period of time on the open market and in privately negotiated transactions, depending on those factors iac management deems relevant at any particular time, including, without limitation, market conditions, share price and future outlook. on february 2, 2016, iac announced that it had suspended the quarterly cash dividend program. future declarations of dividends are subject to the determination of iac's board of directors.
the company believes its and match group's existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with their expected positive cash flows generated from operations and available borrowing capacity under their respective revolving credit facilities will be sufficient to fund their normal operating requirements, including capital expenditures, debt service, and investing and other commitments for the foreseeable future. the company's and match group's liquidity could be negatively affected by a decrease in demand for our respective products and services. the company's indebtedness and match group's indebtedness could limit our respective abilities to: (i) obtain additional financing to fund working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditure or debt service or other requirements; and (ii) use operating cash flow to make acquisitions, capital expenditures, invest in other areas, such as developing properties and exploiting business opportunities. the company may make additional acquisitions and investments and, as a result, the company may need to raise additional capital through future debt or equity financing to provide for greater financial flexibility. additional financing may not be available at all or on terms favorable to us.
45
contractual obligations and commercial commitments payments due by period contractual obligations(a)                 less than1 year               1-3years               3-5years       more than5 years                        total
(in thousands)
long-term debt(b)                         $143,861                  $775,445               $217,870            $1,228,686                     $2,365,862
operating leases(c)                         33,073                    60,791                 37,899            200,554                           332,317
purchase obligations(d)                        784           145                                  -            -                       929
total contractual cash obligations        $177,718                  $836,381               $255,769            $1,429,240                     $2,699,108
_______________________________________________________________________________
(a)   the company has excluded $41.2 million in unrecognized tax benefits and related interest from the table above as we are unable to make a reasonably reliable estimate of the period in which these liabilities might be paid. for additional information on income taxes, see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.
(b)   represents contractual amounts due including interest on both fixed and variable rate instruments. long-term debt at december 31, 2015 consists of $1.0 billion which bears interest at fixed rates and $800 million ("match group term loan") which bears interest at variable rates. the match group term loan currently bears interest at libor plus 4.50%, with a libor floor of 1.00%. the amount of interest ultimately paid on the match group term loan may differ based on changes in interest rates.
(c)   the company leases land, office space, data center facilities and equipment used in connection with operations under various operating leases, many of which contain escalation clauses. the company is also committed to pay a portion of the related operating expenses under a data center lease agreement. these operating expenses are not included in the table above.
(d)   the purchase obligations primarily include advertising commitments.
amount of commitment expiration per period other commercial commitments(e)      less than1 year              1-3years            3-5years            more than 5 years            total
(in thousands)
letters of credit and surety bonds   $1,054                       $-                  $67                 $1,437                       $2,558
_______________________________________________________________________________
(e)   commercial commitments are funding commitments that could potentially require registrant performance in the event of demands by third parties or contingent events.
off-balance sheet arrangements other than the items described above, the company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015.
46
iac's principles of financial reporting iac reports adjusted ebitda as a supplemental measure to u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). this measure is one of the primary metrics by which we evaluate the performance of our businesses, on which our internal budgets are based and by which management is compensated. we believe that investors should have access to, and we are obligated to provide, the same set of tools that we use in analyzing our results. this non-gaap measure should be considered in addition to results prepared in accordance with gaap, but should not be considered a substitute for or superior to gaap results. iac endeavors to compensate for the limitations of the non-gaap measure presented by providing the comparable gaap measure with equal or greater prominence and descriptions of the reconciling items, including quantifying such items, to derive the non-gaap measure. we encourage investors to examine the reconciling adjustments between the gaap and non-gaap measure, which we discuss below.
definition of iac's non-gaap measure adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("adjusted ebitda") is defined as operating income excluding: (1) stock-based compensation expense; (2) depreciation; and (3) acquisition-related items consisting of (i) amortization of intangible assets and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets and (ii) gains and losses recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements. we believe this measure is useful for analysts and investors as this measure allows a more meaningful comparison between our performance and that of our competitors. moreover, our management uses this measure internally to evaluate the performance of our business as a whole and our individual business segments. the above items are excluded from our adjusted ebitda measure because these items are non-cash in nature, and we believe that by excluding these items, adjusted ebitda corresponds more closely to the cash operating income generated from our business, from which capital investments are made and debt is serviced. adjusted ebitda has certain limitations in that it does not take into account the impact to iac's statement of operations of certain expenses.
non-cash expenses that are excluded from iac's non-gaap measure stock-based compensation expense consists principally of expense associated with the grants, including unvested grants assumed in acquisitions, of stock options, restricted stock units ("rsus") and performance-based rsus. these expenses are not paid in cash, and we include the related shares in our fully diluted shares outstanding using the treasury stock method; however, performance-based rsus are included only to the extent the performance criteria have been met (assuming the end of the reporting period is the end of the contingency period). upon the exercise of certain stock options and vesting of rsus and performance-based rsus, the awards are settled, at the company's discretion, on a net basis, with the company remitting the required tax-withholding amount from its current funds.
depreciation is a non-cash expense relating to our property and equipment and is computed using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of depreciable assets to operations over their estimated useful lives.
amortization of intangible assets and impairments of goodwill and intangible assets are non-cash expenses related primarily to acquisitions. at the time of an acquisition, the identifiable definite-lived intangible assets of the acquired company, such as content, technology, customer lists, advertiser and supplier relationships, are valued and amortized over their estimated lives. value is also assigned to acquired indefinite-lived intangible assets, which comprise trade names and trademarks, and goodwill that are not subject to amortization. an impairment is recorded when the carrying value of an intangible asset or goodwill exceeds its fair value. we believe that intangible assets represent costs incurred by the acquired company to build value prior to acquisition and the related amortization and impairment charges of intangible assets or goodwill, if applicable, are not ongoing costs of doing business.
gains and losses recognized on changes in the fair value of contingent consideration arrangements are accounting adjustments to report contingent consideration liabilities at fair value. these adjustments can be highly variable and are excluded from our assessment of performance because they are considered non-operational in nature and, therefore, are not indicative of current or future performance or ongoing costs of doing business.
47
reconciliation of adjusted ebitda for a reconciliation of adjusted ebitda to operating income (loss) by reportable segment and to net earnings attributable to iac shareholders for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements.
48
critical accounting policies and estimates the following disclosure is provided to supplement the descriptions of iac's accounting policies contained in note 2 to the consolidated financial statements in regard to significant areas of judgment. management of the company is required to make certain estimates, judgments and assumptions during the preparation of its consolidated financial statements in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles. these estimates, judgments and assumptions impact the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses and the related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. actual results could differ from those estimates. because of the size of the financial statement elements to which they relate, some of our accounting policies and estimates have a more significant impact on our consolidated financial statements than others. what follows is a discussion of some of our more significant accounting policies and estimates.
business combinations the purchase price of each acquisition is attributed to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the date of acquisition, including identifiable intangible assets that either arise from a contractual or legal right or are separable from goodwill. the fair value of these intangible assets is based on detailed valuations that use information and assumptions provided by management. the excess purchase price over the net tangible and identifiable intangible assets is recorded as goodwill.
in connection with some business combinations, the company has entered into contingent consideration arrangements that are determined to be part of the purchase price. each of these arrangements are recorded at its fair value at the time of the acquisition and reflected at current fair value for each subsequent reporting period thereafter until settled. the contingent consideration arrangements are generally based upon earnings performance and/or operating metrics such as monthly active users. the company determines the fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements by using probability-weighted analyses to determine the amounts of the gross liability, and, if the arrangement is long-term in nature, applying a discount rate that appropriately captures the risk associated with the obligation to determine the net amount reflected in the consolidated financial statements. determining the fair value of these arrangements is inherently difficult and subjective. significant changes in forecasted earnings or operating metrics would result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement and can have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. the changes in the estimated fair value of the contingent consideration arrangements each reporting period, including the accretion of the discount, if applicable, are recognized in "general and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statement of operations. see note 7 for a discussion of contingent consideration arrangements.
recoverability of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, which consist of the company's acquired trade names and trademarks, are assessed annually for impairment as of october 1 or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit or the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset below its carrying value. the annual assessments identified impairment charges in 2015 related to the publishing and shoebuy reporting units. these impairment charges are more fully described above in "results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013." the 2014 and 2013 annual assessments identified no material impairments. the value of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets that is subject to annual assessment for impairment is $2.2 billion and $380.1 million, respectively, at december 31, 2015.
the company has the option to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. for the company's annual goodwill test at october 1, 2015, a quantitative assessment of the match group, publishing, applications, shoebuy and pricerunner reporting units' goodwill was performed. a qualitative assessment of the homeadvisor, connected ventures, and dailyburn reporting units' goodwill was performed. when the company elects to perform a qualitative assessment and concludes it is not more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, no further assessment of that reporting unit's goodwill is necessary; otherwise goodwill must be tested for impairment using a two-step process.
the first step involves a comparison of the estimated fair value of each of the company's reporting units to its carrying value, including goodwill. in performing the first step, the company determines the fair value of a reporting unit using both an income approach based on discounted cash flows ("dcf") and a market approach. determining fair value using a dcf analysis requires the exercise of significant judgment with respect to several items, including judgment about the amount and timing of expected future cash flows and appropriate discount rates. the expected cash flows used in the dcf analyses are based on the company's most recent budget and, for years beyond the budget, the company's estimates, which are based, in part, on forecasted growth rates. the discount rates used in the dcf analyses are intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future cash flows of the respective reporting units. assumptions used in the dcf analyses, including the discount rate, are assessed annually based on the reporting units' current results and forecast, as well as macroeconomic and industry specific factors. the discount rates used in the company's annual goodwill impairment assessment ranged from 12% to 22% in 2015 and 13% to 19% in 2014. determining fair value using a market approach considers multiples of financial metrics based
49
on both acquisitions and trading multiples of a selected peer group of companies. from the comparable companies, a representative market multiple is determined which is applied to financial metrics to estimate the fair value of a reporting unit. to determine a peer group of companies for our respective reporting units, we considered companies relevant in terms of consumer use, monetization model, margin and growth characteristics and brand strength operating in their respective sectors.
if the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not impaired and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, then the second step of the goodwill impairment test must be performed. the second step of the goodwill impairment test compares the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill with its carrying value to measure the amount of impairment, if any. the implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of goodwill recognized in a business combination. in other words, the estimated fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all of the assets and liabilities of that unit (including any unrecognized intangible assets) as if the reporting unit had been acquired in a business combination and the fair value of the reporting unit was the purchase price paid. if the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of that goodwill, an impairment is recognized in an amount equal to that excess.
any impairment charge that might result in the future would be determined based upon the excess of the carrying value of goodwill over its implied fair value using the second step of the impairment analysis that is described above but, in any event, would not be expected to be lower than the excess of the carrying value of the reporting unit over its fair value. a primary driver in the dcf valuation analyses and the determination of the fair values of the company's reporting units is the estimate of future revenue and profitability. generally, the company would expect an impairment if forecasted revenue and profitability are no longer expected to be achieved and as a result, the carrying value of a reporting unit(s) exceeds its fair value. this assessment would be based, in part, upon the performance of its businesses relative to budget, the company's assessment of macroeconomic factors, industry and competitive dynamics and the strategies of its businesses in response to these factors.
at october 1, 2015, the date of our most recent annual impairment assessment, the fair value of the company's reporting units exceeded their carrying values by more than 20% with the exception of publishing and shoebuy. to illustrate the magnitude of a potential impairment charge relative to future changes in estimated fair value, had the estimated fair value of publishing and shoebuy been hypothetically lower by 10% and 20% as of october 1, 2015, the carrying value of publishing would have exceeded its fair value by approximately $20 million and $60 million, respectively, and the carrying value of shoebuy would have exceeded its fair value by approximately $1 million and $5 million, respectively.
while the company has the option to qualitatively assess whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset is less than its carrying value, the company's policy is to determine the fair value of each of its indefinite-lived intangible assets annually as of october 1. the company determines the fair value of indefinite-lived intangible assets are determined using an avoided royalty dcf valuation analysis. significant judgments inherent in this analysis include the selection of appropriate royalty and discount rates and estimating the amount and timing of expected future cash flows. the discount rates used in the dcf analyses are intended to reflect the risks inherent in the expected future cash flows generated by the respective intangible assets. the royalty rates used in the dcf analyses are based upon an estimate of the royalty rates that a market participant would pay to license the company's trade names and trademarks. assumptions used in the avoided royalty dcf analyses, including the discount rate and royalty rate, are assessed annually based on the actual and projected cash flows related to the asset, as well as macroeconomic and industry specific factors. the discount rates used in the company's annual indefinite-lived impairment assessment ranged from 11% to 16% in 2015 and 10% to 20% in 2014, and the royalty rates used ranged from 1% to 9% in both 2015 and 2014.
recoverability of long-lived assets we review the carrying value of all long-lived assets, comprising property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. the carrying value of a long-lived asset is not recoverable if it exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual disposition of the asset. if the carrying value is deemed not to be recoverable, an impairment loss is recorded equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the long-lived asset exceeds its fair value. during 2013 the company wrote off certain capitalized software costs. this charge is more fully described above in "results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 - depreciation." the carrying value of property and equipment and definite-lived intangible assets is $363.5 million at december 31, 2015.
income taxes we recognize liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on the two-step process. the first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained on audit, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. the second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount which is more than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. this measurement step is inherently difficult and requires subjective estimations of such amounts to determine the probability of various possible outcomes. we consider many factors when evaluating and estimating our tax positions and tax benefits, which
50
may require periodic adjustments and which may not accurately anticipate actual outcomes. at december 31, 2015, the company has unrecognized tax benefits of $43.4 million, including interest. changes to reserves from period to period and differences between amounts paid, if any, upon resolution of issues raised in audits and amounts previously provided may be material. differences between the reserves for income tax contingencies and the amounts owed by the company are recorded in the period they become known.
the company accounts for income taxes under the liability method, and deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying values of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. a valuation allowance is provided on deferred tax assets if it is determined that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset will not be realized. as of december 31, 2015, the balance of deferred tax liabilities, net, is $346.8 million. actual income taxes could vary from these estimates due to future changes in income tax law, state income tax apportionment or the outcome of any review of our tax returns by the various tax authorities, as well as actual operating results of the company that vary significantly from anticipated results.
stock-based compensation as disclosed in note 12 to the consolidated financial statements, the company estimated the fair value of stock options issued in 2015, 2014 and 2013 using a black-scholes option pricing model and, for those with a market condition, a lattice model. for stock options, including subsidiary denominated equity, the value of the stock option is measured at the grant date at fair value and expensed over the vesting term. the impact on stock-based compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, assuming a 1% increase in the risk-free interest rate, a 10% increase in the volatility factor and a one year increase in the weighted average expected term of the outstanding options would be an increase of $4.6 million, $21.2 million and $10.3 million, respectively. the impact on stock-based compensation expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, assuming a zero dividend yield on the outstanding options, would be an increase of $3.2 million. the company also issues rsus and performance-based rsus. for rsus issued, the value of the instrument is measured at the grant date as the fair value of iac common stock and expensed as stock-based compensation expense over the vesting term. for performance-based rsus issued, the value of the instrument is measured at the grant date as the fair value of iac common stock and expensed as stock-based compensation over the vesting term when the performance targets are considered probable of being achieved.
marketable securities and long-term investments at december 31, 2015, marketable securities consist of short-to-medium-term debt securities issued by investment grade corporate issuers and an equity security. long-term investments include equity securities accounted for under the equity and cost methods and marketable equity securities. the company invests in marketable debt securities with active secondary or resale markets to ensure portfolio liquidity to fund current operations or satisfy other cash requirements as needed. the company also invests in marketable equity securities as part of its investment strategy.
marketable securities are adjusted to fair value each quarter, and the unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, are included in accumulated other comprehensive income as a separate component of shareholders' equity. the specific-identification method is used to determine the cost of securities sold and the amount of unrealized gains and losses reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income into earnings. the company recognizes unrealized losses on marketable securities in net earnings when the losses are determined to be other-than-temporary. additionally, the company evaluates each cost and equity method investment for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis, and recognizes an impairment loss if the decline in value is deemed to be other-than-temporary. future events may result in reconsideration of the nature of losses as other-than-temporary and market and other factors may cause the value of the company's investments to decline.
the company employs a methodology that considers available evidence in evaluating potential other-than-temporary impairments of its investments. investments are considered to be impaired when a decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis is determined to be other-than-temporary. such impairment evaluations include, but are not limited to: the length of time and extent to which fair value has been less than the cost basis, the current business environment, including competition; going concern considerations such as financial condition, the rate at which the investee utilizes cash and the investee's ability to obtain additional financing to achieve its business plan; the need for changes to the investee's existing business model due to changing business and regulatory environments and its ability to successfully implement necessary changes; and comparable valuations. during 2015, 2014 and 2013, the company recognized other-than-temporary impairments of $6.7 million, $66.6 million and $5.0 million, respectively, related to cost method investments. these charges are more fully described above in "results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 - other income (expense), net."
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, see note 2 - summary of significant accounting policies in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
51
