item 1a. risk factors in addition to the other information contained in this annual report, you should carefully consider the following risk factors in evaluating us and our business. if any of the risks discussed in this annual report actually occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. in connection with the forward-looking statements that appear in this annual report, you should also carefully review the cautionary statement referred to under "cautionary statement concerning forward looking statements."
risks related to the company the adverse impact of general economic and related factors, such as fluctuating or increasing levels of unemployment, underemployment and the volatility of fuel prices, declines in the securities and real estate markets and perceptions of these conditions can decrease the level of disposable income of consumers or consumer confidence. the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions.
the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic conditions. adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate in north america or globally, such as the volatility of fuel prices, higher interest rates, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher unemployment or underemployment rates, higher taxes and changes in governmental policies could reduce the level of discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. consequently, this may negatively affect demand for cruise vacations in these countries, which are a discretionary purchase. decreases in demand for cruise vacations could result in price discounting, which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. in addition, these conditions could also impact our suppliers, which could result in disruptions in our suppliers' services and financial losses for us.
conducting business internationally may result in increased costs and risks.
we operate our business internationally and plan to continue to develop our international presence. operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including political risks, risks of increases in duties and taxes, risks relating to anti-bribery laws, as well as risks that laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses, or governing the operations of foreign-based companies may change. additional risks include imposition of trade barriers, restrictions on repatriation of earnings, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures, including value added taxes. if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
operating internationally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. we have implemented safeguards and policies to prevent violations of various anti-corruption laws that prohibit improper payments or offers of payments to foreign governments and their officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business by our employees and agents. however, our existing safeguards and policies and any future improvements may prove to be less than effective and our employees or agents may engage in conduct prohibited by our policies, but for which we nevertheless may be held responsible. if our employees or agents violate our policies, if we fail to maintain adequate record-keeping and internal accounting practices to accurately record our transactions or if we fail to implement or maintain other adequate safeguards, we may be subject to regulatory sanctions or severe criminal or civil sanctions and penalties.
our efforts to expand our business into new markets may not be successful.
we believe there remains significant opportunity to expand our passenger sourcing into major markets, such as europe and australia, as well as into emerging markets in the asia pacific region and we are in the process of such expansion efforts. expansion into new markets requires significant levels of investment. there can be no assurance that these markets will develop as anticipated or that we will have success in these markets, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment spent to expand our business into these markets, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
terrorist acts, acts of piracy, armed conflict and threats thereof and other international events impacting the security of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises.
the threat or possibility of future terrorist acts, an outbreak of hostilities or armed conflict abroad or the possibility thereof, an increase in the activity of pirates operating off the western coast of africa or elsewhere, political unrest and instability, the issuance of travel advisories by national governments, and other geo-political uncertainties have had in the past and may again in the future have an adverse impact on the demand for cruises, and consequently, the pricing for cruises. decreases in demand and reduced pricing in response to such decreased demand would adversely affect our business by reducing our profitability.
20

breaches in data security or other disturbances to our information technology and other networks could impair our operations and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the integrity and reliability of our information technology systems and other networks are crucial to our business operations. disruptions to these networks could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial results and negatively affect our reputation and customer demand. in addition, certain networks are dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. among other things, actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires, floods) or similar events, information systems failures, computer viruses, denial of service attacks and other cyber-attacks may cause disruptions to our information technology, telecommunications and other networks. while we have and continue to invest in business continuity, disaster recovery and data restoration plans, we cannot completely insulate ourselves from disruptions that could result in adverse effects on our operations and financial results. we carry limited business interruption insurance for certain shoreside operations, subject to limitations, exclusions and deductibles.
we have also made significant investments in our information technology systems to optimize booking procedures, enhance the marketing power of our websites and control costs. any unauthorized use of our information systems to gain access to sensitive information, corrupt data or create general disturbances in our operations systems could impair our ability to conduct business and damage our reputation. if our security systems were breached, we could be exposed to cyber-related risks and malware, and credit card and other sensitive data could be at risk.
in the event of a data security breach of our systems and/or third-party systems, we may incur costs associated with the following: breach response, notification, forensics, regulatory investigations, public relations, consultants, credit identity monitoring, credit freezes, fraud alert, credit identity restoration, credit card cancellation, credit card reissuance or replacement, regulatory fines and penalties, vendor fines and penalties, legal fees and damages. denial of service attacks may result in costs associated with, among other things, the following: response, forensics, public relations, consultants, data restoration, legal fees and settlement. in addition, data security breaches or denial of service attacks may cause business interruption, information technology disruption, disruptions as a result of regulatory investigation, digital asset loss related to corrupted or destroyed data, damage to our reputation, damages to intangible property and other intangible damages, such as loss of consumer confidence, all of which could impair our operations and have an adverse impact on our financial results. while we have and continue to invest in data and information technology security initiatives, we cannot completely insulate ourselves from the risks of data security breaches and denial of service attacks that could result in adverse effects on our operations and financial results.
epidemics and viral outbreaks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.
public perception about the safety of travel and adverse publicity related to passenger or crew illness, such as incidents of viral illnesses, stomach flu or other contagious diseases, may impact demand for cruises and result in cruise cancellations and employee absenteeism. if any wide-ranging health scare should occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations would likely be adversely affected.
adverse incidents involving cruise ships may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
the operation of cruise ships carries an inherent risk of loss caused by adverse weather conditions and maritime disasters, including, but not limited to, oil spills and other environmental mishaps, fire, mechanical failure, collisions, human error, war, terrorism, piracy, political action, civil unrest and insurrection in various countries and other circumstances or events. any such event may result in loss of life or property, loss of revenue or increased costs. the operation of cruise ships also involves the risk of other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests, inappropriate crew or passenger behavior and onboard crimes, which may bring into question passenger safety, may adversely affect future industry performance and may lead to litigation against us. although we place passenger safety as the highest priority in the design and operation of our fleet, we have experienced accidents and other incidents involving our cruise ships and there can be no assurance that similar events will not occur in the future. it is possible that we could be forced to cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these factors or incur increased port-related and other costs resulting from such adverse events. any such event involving our cruise ships or other passenger cruise ships may adversely affect guests' perceptions of safety or result in increased governmental or other regulatory oversight. an adverse judgment or settlement in respect of any of the ongoing claims against us may also lead to negative publicity about us. anything that damages our reputation (whether or not justified), including adverse publicity about passenger safety, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting and a reduction in our sales and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. if there is a significant accident, mechanical failure or similar problem involving a ship, we may have to place a ship in an extended dry-dock period for repairs. this could result in material lost revenue and/or expenditures.
changes in fuel prices and/or other cruise operating costs would impact the cost of our cruise ship operations.
fuel expense accounted for 13.5% of our total cruise operating expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to 16.8% and 18.3% for the same periods in 2014 and 2013, respectively. future increases in the cost of fuel globally would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. in addition, we could experience increases in other cruise operating costs due to market forces and economic or political instability beyond our control. despite any fuel hedges we are currently a party to, or may enter into in the future, increases in fuel prices or other cruise operating costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if we are unable to recover these increased costs through price increases charged to our guests.
21

our hedging strategies may not be cost-effective or adequately protect us from increased costs related to changes in fuel prices.
in order to manage risks associated with the variable market prices of fuel, we routinely hedge a portion of our future fuel requirements. however, our hedging program may not be successful in mitigating higher fuel costs, and any price protection provided may be limited due to market conditions, including choice of hedging instruments, breakdown of correlation between hedging instrument and market price of fuel and failure of hedge counterparties. to the extent that we use hedge contracts that have the potential to create an obligation to pay upon settlement if fuel prices decline significantly, such hedge contracts may limit our ability to benefit fully from lower fuel costs in the future. there can be no assurance that our hedging arrangements will be cost-effective, will provide any particular level of protection against rises in fuel prices or that our counterparties will be able to perform under our hedging arrangements. additionally, deterioration in our financial condition could negatively affect our ability to enter into new hedge contracts in the future.
our inability to obtain adequate insurance coverage may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
there can be no assurance that all of our risks are fully insured against or that any particular claim will be fully paid by our insurance. such losses, to the extent they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could affect our financial results. in addition, we have been and continue to be subject to calls, or premiums, in amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also the claim records of all other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. our payment of these calls and increased premiums could result in significant expenses to us. if we were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance coverage at all or at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely affected. moreover, irrespective of the occurrence of such events, there can still be no assurance that we will be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates or at all.
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from making debt service payments.
our level of indebtedness could limit cash flow available for our operations and could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, prospects and flexibility. our substantial indebtedness could:
•   limit our ability to borrow money for our working capital, capital expenditures, development projects, debt service requirements, strategic initiatives or other purposes;

•   make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in an event of default under the agreements governing our indebtedness;

•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the repayment of our indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available to us for other purposes;

•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our operations or business;

•   make us more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage;

•   make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, the economy or the industry in which we operate;

•   restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities;

•   restrict us from taking certain actions by means of restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness;

•   make our credit card processors seek more restrictive terms in respect of our credit card arrangements; and

•   expose us to the risk of increased interest rates as certain borrowings are (and may be in the future) at a variable rate of interest.

the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions that limit our flexibility in operating our business.
the agreements governing our indebtedness contain, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may contain, covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions or prohibitions on our ability to, among other things:
•   incur or guarantee additional debt or issue certain preference shares;

•   pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of our share capital or make other restricted payments, including the ability of nclh's subsidiaries, including nclc, to pay dividends or make distributions to nclh;

•   repurchase or redeem capital stock or subordinated indebtedness;

•   make certain investments or acquisitions;

•   transfer or sell certain assets;

22

•   create liens on certain assets;

•   consolidate or merge with, or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets to, other companies;

•   enter into certain transactions with our affiliates;

•   pledge the capital stock of any guarantors of our indebtedness; and

•   designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries.

as a result of these covenants, we are limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs.
we have pledged a significant portion of our assets as collateral under our existing debt agreements. if any of the holders of our indebtedness accelerate the repayment of such indebtedness, there can be no assurance that we will have sufficient assets to repay our indebtedness.
under our existing debt agreements, we are required to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios. our ability to meet those financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and there can be no assurance that we will meet those ratios. a failure to comply with the covenants contained in our existing debt agreements could result in an event of default under such agreements, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. in the event of any default under our existing debt agreements, the holders of our indebtedness thereunder:
•   will not be required to lend any additional amounts to us, if applicable;

•   could elect to declare all indebtedness outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit, if applicable; and/or

•   could require us to apply all of our available cash to repay such indebtedness.

such actions by the holders of our indebtedness could cause cross defaults under our other indebtedness. if we were unable to repay those amounts, the holders of our secured indebtedness could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness.
if the indebtedness under our existing debt agreements were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full.
despite our substantial indebtedness, we may still be able to incur significantly more debt. this could intensify certain of the risks described above.
we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness at any time in the future. although the terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness contain restrictions on our ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of important qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. we may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness, and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful. our ability to satisfy our debt obligations will depend upon, among other things:
•   our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and

•   our future ability to borrow under certain agreements governing our indebtedness, the availability of which depends on, among other things, our complying with the covenants in such agreements.

there can be no assurance that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations, or that we will be able to borrow additional amounts under our existing debt agreements or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs.
if our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness. these alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. our ability to restructure or refinance our indebtedness will depend on numerous factors, including but not limited to the condition of the capital markets, our financial condition at such time, credit ratings and the performance of our industry in general. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. in addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. in the absence of such operating results and resources sufficient to service our debt, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. some or all of our assets may be illiquid and may have no readily ascertainable market value, however, and we may not be able to consummate such dispositions for fair market value or at all. furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due.
23

additionally, the agreements governing our indebtedness include, and any instruments governing future indebtedness of ours may include, exceptions to certain covenants that permit us to incur additional indebtedness, make restricted payments and take other actions.
the impact of volatility and disruptions in the global credit and financial markets may adversely affect our ability to borrow and could increase our counterparty credit risks, including those under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees.
there can be no assurance that we will be able to borrow additional money on terms as favorable as our current debt, on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. economic downturns, including failures of financial institutions and any related liquidity crisis, can disrupt the capital and credit markets. such disruptions could cause counterparties under our credit facilities, derivatives, contingent obligations, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees to be unable to perform their obligations or to breach their obligations to us under our contracts with them, which could include failures of financial institutions to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements and to pay us amounts that may become due under our derivative contracts and other agreements. also, we may be limited in obtaining funds to pay amounts due to our counterparties under our derivative contracts and to pay amounts that may become due under other agreements. if we were to elect to replace any counterparty for their failure to perform their obligations under such instruments, we would likely incur significant costs to replace the counterparty. any failure to replace any counterparties under these circumstances may result in additional costs to us or an ineffective instrument.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results.
we earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the u.s. dollar; most significantly a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly british pound, canadian dollar, euro and australian dollar. because our consolidated financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into u.s. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against our other major currencies may adversely affect our u.s. dollar financial results and will reduce the u.s. dollar amount received upon conversion of these currencies into u.s. dollars.
we have historically and may in the future enter into ship construction contracts denominated in euros or other foreign currencies. while we have entered into foreign currency derivatives to manage a portion of the currency risk associated with such contracts, we are exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate for the portions of the ship construction contracts that have not been hedged. additionally, if the shipyard is unable to perform under the related ship construction contract, any foreign currency hedges that were entered into to manage the currency risk would need to be terminated.
our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or the loss of key personnel may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our success is dependent upon our personnel and our ability to recruit and retain high quality employees. we must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees in order to maintain our current business and support our projected growth.  we need to hire and train a considerable number of qualified crew members to staff the ships that will be joining our fleet in the coming years. this may require significant efforts on the part of our management team, and our inability to hire a sufficient number of qualified crew members would adversely affect our business.
our executive officers and other members of senior management have substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. the unexpected loss of services of one or more of these individuals could materially adversely affect us.
we rely on external distribution channels for passenger bookings, and major changes in the availability of external distribution channels could undermine our customer base.
the majority of our guests book their cruises through independent travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators. in the event that these distribution channels are adversely impacted by an economic downturn, or by other factors, this could reduce the distribution channels available for us to market and sell our cruises and we could be forced to increase the use of alternative distribution channels we are not accustomed to. if this were to occur, it could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
additionally, independent travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators generally sell and market our cruises on a non-exclusive basis. although we offer commissions and other incentives to them for booking our cruises, there can be no guarantee that our competitors will not offer higher commissions and incentives in the future. travel agents may face increasing pressure from our competitors, particularly in the north american market, to sell and market our competitors' cruises exclusively. if such exclusive arrangements were introduced, there can be no assurances that we will be able to find alternative distribution channels to ensure that our customer base would not be affected.
we rely on third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services, and we are exposed to risks facing such providers. in certain circumstances, we may not be able to replace such third parties or we may be forced to replace them at an increased cost to us.
24

we rely on external third parties to provide hotel management services for certain ships and certain other services that are vital to our business. if these service providers suffer financial hardship or are otherwise unable to continue providing such services, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to replace such service providers in a timely manner, which may cause an interruption in our operations. to the extent that we are able to replace such service providers, we may be forced to pay an increased cost for equivalent services. both the interruption of operations and the replacement of the third-party service providers at an increased cost could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.
delays in our shipbuilding program and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
the new construction, refurbishment, repair and maintenance of our cruise ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those encountered in other large and sophisticated equipment construction, refurbishment and repair projects. our ships are subject to the risk of mechanical failure or accident, which we have occasionally experienced and have had to repair. if there is a mechanical failure or accident in the future, we may be unable to procure spare parts when needed or make repairs without incurring material expense or suspension of service, especially if a problem affects certain specialized maritime equipment, such as the radar, a pod propulsion unit, the electrical/power management system, the steering gear or the gyro system.
in addition, availability, work stoppages, insolvency or financial problems in the shipyards' construction, refurbishment or repair of our ships, or other "force majeure" events that are beyond our control and the control of shipyards or subcontractors, could also delay or prevent the newbuild delivery, refurbishment and repair and maintenance of our ships. any termination or breach of contract following such an event may result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, potential claims and impairment of losses. a significant delay in the delivery of a new ship, or a significant performance deficiency or mechanical failure of a new ship could also have an adverse effect on our business. the consolidation of the control of certain european cruise shipyards could result in higher prices for refurbishment and repairs due to reduced competition. also, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis. these potential events and the associated losses, to the extent that they are not adequately covered by contractual remedies or insurance, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
we rely on scheduled commercial airline services for passenger and crew connections. increases in the price of, or major changes or reduction in, commercial airline services could undermine our customer base or disrupt our operations.
a number of our passengers and crew depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to ports of embarkation for our cruises. increases in the price of airfare due to increases in fuel prices, fuel surcharges, changes in commercial airline services as a result of strikes, weather or other events, or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver guests and crew to or from our cruise ships and thereby increase our cruise operating expenses which would, in turn, have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.
our revenue is seasonal, owing to variations in passenger fare rates and occupancy levels at different times of the year. we may not be able to generate revenue that is sufficient to cover our expenses during certain periods of the year.
the demand for our cruises is seasonal, with the greatest demand for cruises generally occurring during the northern hemisphere's summer months. this seasonality in demand has resulted in fluctuations in our revenue and results of operations. the seasonality of our results is increased due to ships being taken out of service for dry-docks, which we typically schedule during off-peak demand periods for such ships. accordingly, seasonality in demand and dry-dock periods could adversely affect our ability to generate sufficient revenue to cover the expenses we incur during certain periods of the year.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology could impair our operations or competitive position.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated systems and technology. these systems and technologies must be refined, updated and replaced with more advanced systems on a regular basis in order for us to meet our customers' demands and expectations. if we are unable to do so on a timely basis or within reasonable cost parameters, or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new system or technology, such as fuel abatement technologies, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
amendments to the collective bargaining agreements for crew members of our fleet and other employee relation issues may materially adversely affect our financial results.
currently, we are a party to eight collective bargaining agreements. two of these agreements are in effect through 2016 and three through 2017. the remaining three are set to expire in march and june of 2018. any future amendments to such collective bargaining agreements or inability to satisfactorily renegotiate such agreements may increase our labor costs and have a negative impact on our financial condition. in addition, although our collective bargaining agreements have a no-strike provision, they may not prevent a disruption in work on our ships in the future. any such disruptions in work could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
25

unavailability of ports of call may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
we believe that attractive port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports, including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, existing capacity constraints, security, safety and environmental concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and fees, local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists and sanctions programs implemented by the office of foreign assets control of the united states treasury department or other regulatory bodies. any limitations on the availability of ports of call or on the availability of shore excursions and other service providers at such ports could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various u.s. and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances, it may not be economical to defend against such matters, and a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
as a result of any ship-related or other incidents, litigation claims, enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigations, including, but not limited to, those arising from personal injury, loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected coastal waters and the surrounding area, may be asserted or brought against various parties, including us and/or our cruise brands. the time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. subject to applicable insurance coverage, we may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, actions and investigations and for any judgments, fines, civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined.
risks related to the regulatory environment in which we operate future changes in applicable tax laws, or our inability to take advantage of favorable tax regimes, could increase the amount of taxes we must pay.
we believe and have taken the position that our income that is considered to be derived from the international operation of ships as well as certain income that is considered to be incidental to such income ("shipping income"), is exempt from u.s. federal income taxes under section 883, based upon certain assumptions as to shareholdings and other information as more fully described in "item 1-business-taxation." the provisions of section 883 are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect.
we believe and have taken the position that substantially all of our income derived from the international operation of ships is properly categorized as shipping income and that we do not have a material amount of non-qualifying income. it is possible, however, that a much larger percentage of our income does not qualify (or will not qualify) as shipping income. moreover, the exemption for shipping income is only available for years in which nclh will satisfy complex stock ownership tests or the publicly traded test under section 883 as described in "item 1-business- taxation-exemption of international shipping income under section 883 of the code." there are factual circumstances beyond our control, including changes in the direct and indirect owners of nclh's ordinary shares, which could cause us or our subsidiaries to lose the benefit of this tax exemption. finally, any changes in our operations could significantly increase our exposure to either the net tax regime or the 4% regime (each as defined in "item 1-business-taxation"), and we can give no assurances on this matter.
if we or any of our subsidiaries were not to qualify for the exemption under section 883, our or such subsidiary's u.s.-source income would be subject to either the net tax regime or the 4% regime (each as defined in "item 1- business- taxation). as of the date of this filing, we believe that nclh and its subsidiaries will satisfy the publicly traded test imposed under section 883 and therefore believe that nclh will qualify for the exemption under section 883. however, as discussed above, there are factual circumstances beyond our control that could cause nclh to not meet the stock ownership or publicly traded tests. therefore, we can give no assurances on this matter. we refer you to "item 1-business-taxation."
we may be subject to state, local and non-u.s. income or non-income taxes in various jurisdictions, including those in which we transact business, own property or reside. we may be required to file tax returns in some or all of those jurisdictions. our state, local or non-u.s. tax treatment may not conform to the u.s. federal income tax treatment discussed above. we may be required to pay non-u.s. taxes on dispositions of foreign property or operations involving foreign property that may give rise to non-u.s. income or other tax liabilities in amounts that could be substantial.
the various tax regimes to which we are currently subject result in a relatively low effective tax rate on our worldwide income. these tax regimes, however, are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. for example, legislation has been proposed in the past that would eliminate the benefits of the exemption from u.s. federal income tax under section 883 and subject all or a portion of our
26

shipping income to taxation in the u.s. moreover, we may become subject to new tax regimes and may be unable to take advantage of favorable tax provisions afforded by current or future law including exemption of branch profits and dividend withholding taxes under the u.s. - u.k. income tax treaty on income derived in respect of our u.s.-flagged operation.
we are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our operations and any changes in the current laws and regulations could lead to increased costs or decreased revenue.
some environmental groups have lobbied for more extensive oversight of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. increasingly stringent federal, state, local and international laws and regulations on environmental protection and health and safety of workers could affect our operations. the u.s. environmental protection agency, the imo (a united nations agency with responsibility for the safety and security of shipping and the prevention of marine pollution by ships), the council of the european union and individual countries and u.s. states are considering, as well as implementing, new laws and rules to manage cruise ship operations and waste. in addition, many aspects of the cruise industry are subject to governmental regulation by the u.s. coast guard as well as international treaties such as solas, an international safety regulation, marpol, an international environmental regulation, and stcw and its conventions in ship manning. international regulations regarding ballast water and security levels are currently pending.
additionally, the u.s. and various state and foreign government and regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations and policies, such as requiring the use of low-sulfur fuels, increasing fuel efficiency requirements and further restricting emissions, including those of green-house gases. compliance with such laws and regulations may entail significant expenses for ship modification and changes in operating procedures which could adversely impact our operations as well as our competitors' operations. in 2006, alaskan voters approved a ballot measure requiring that cruise ships meet alaska water quality standards ("wqs"). pursuant to the ballot measure, alaska approved stringent regulations and required a waste water discharge permit for cruise ships beginning in 2008. legislation approved in 2009 allowed the state to issue general permits that contain effluent limits or standards that are less stringent than the wqs where the ship is using economically feasible methods of pollution prevention. in 2013, the state extended the permit program, and allowed ship operators to apply for mixing zones in upcoming permits, an option that may ease compliance with certain wqs. the international labor organization's maritime labor convention, 2006 went into force on august 20, 2013. the convention regulates many aspects of maritime crew labor and impacts the worldwide sourcing of new crew members. marpol regulations have established special ecas with stringent limitations on sulfur and nitrogen oxide emissions. ships operating in designated ecas (which include the baltic sea, the north sea/english channel, and many of the waters within 200 nautical miles of the u.s. and canadian coasts including the hawaiian islands; waters surrounding puerto rico and the u.s. virgin islands have been included as of january 2014) are generally expected to meet the new sulfur oxide emissions limits through the use of low-sulfur fuels.
these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that would subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future.
by virtue of our operations in the u.s., the fmc requires us to maintain a third-party performance guarantee on our behalf in respect of liabilities for non-performance of transportation and other obligations to guests. the fmc has proposed rules that would significantly increase the amount of our required guarantees and accordingly our cost of compliance. there can be no assurance that such an increase in the amount of our guarantees, if required, would be available to us. for additional discussion of the fmc's proposed requirements, we refer you to "item 1-business-regulatory issues."
in 2007, the state of alaska implemented taxes, some of which were rolled back in 2010, which have impacted the cruise industry operating in alaska. it is possible that other states, countries or ports of call that our ships regularly visit may also decide to assess new taxes or fees or change existing taxes or fees specifically applicable to the cruise industry and its employees and/or guests, which could increase our operating costs and/or could decrease the demand for cruises.
risks related to nclh's ordinary shares although nclh is no longer a "controlled company" within the meaning of the rules of nasdaq since the completion of the secondary equity offering in may 2015, during a one-year transition period, nclh may continue to rely on exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that provide protection to shareholders of companies that are subject to those corporate governance requirements.
prior to the secondary equity offering in may 2015, the sponsors controlled a majority of nclh's voting ordinary shares and, as a result, nclh was a "controlled company" under nasdaq rules and elected not to comply with certain nasdaq corporate governance requirements. following the secondary equity offering in may 2015, the sponsors no longer control more than 50% of nclh's voting ordinary shares and, consequently, nclh is no longer considered a "controlled company." as a result, nclh is subject to additional governance requirements under nasdaq rules, including the requirements to have:
•   a majority of independent directors on nclh's board of directors;

•   a nominating and governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities; and

27

•   a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee's purpose and responsibilities.

the nasdaq rules provide for phase-in periods for these requirements, but we must be fully compliant with the requirements within one year of the date on which we ceased to be a "controlled company." currently, nclh does not have a majority of independent directors on its board of directors and only two of the three members of its nominating and governance committee and its compensation committee are independent. during this transition period, nclh's shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the nasdaq corporate governance requirements. in addition, nclh may not be able to attract and retain the number of independent directors needed to comply with nasdaq rules during the transition period.
shareholders of nclh may have greater difficulties in protecting their interests than as shareholders of a u.s. corporation.
we are a bermuda exempted company. the companies act 1981 of bermuda (the "companies act"), which applies to nclh, differs in material respects from laws generally applicable to u.s. corporations and their shareholders. taken together with the provisions of nclh's bye-laws, some of these differences may result in you having greater difficulties in protecting your interests as a shareholder of nclh than you would have as a shareholder of a u.s. corporation. this affects, among other things, the circumstances under which transactions involving an interested director are voidable, whether an interested director can be held accountable for any benefit realized in a transaction with our company, what approvals are required for business combinations by our company with a large shareholder or a wholly-owned subsidiary, what rights you may have as a shareholder to enforce specified provisions of the companies act or nclh's bye-laws, and the circumstances under which we may indemnify our directors and officers.
nclh does not have current plans to pay dividends on its ordinary shares.
nclh does not currently intend to pay dividends to its shareholders and nclh's board of directors may never declare a dividend. our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of nclh's subsidiaries, including nclc, to pay distributions to nclh and nclh's ability to pay cash dividends to its shareholders. in addition, any determination to pay dividends in the future will be entirely at the discretion of nclh's board of directors and will depend upon our results of operations, cash requirements, financial condition, business opportunities, contractual restrictions, restrictions imposed by applicable law and other factors that nclh's board of directors deems relevant. we are not legally or contractually required to pay dividends. in addition, nclh is a holding company and would depend upon its subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to nclh to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of nclh. investors seeking dividends should not purchase nclh's ordinary shares.
provisions in nclh's constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that nclh's shareholders might consider to be in their best interests.
nclh's bye-laws contain provisions that may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that its shareholders consider to be in their best interests. as a result, these provisions may prevent nclh's shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of nclh's shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of nclh's shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. these provisions include (subject to the shareholders' agreement):
•   the ability of nclh's board of directors to designate one or more series of preference shares and issue preference shares without shareholder approval;

•   a classified board of directors;

•   the sole power of a majority of nclh's board of directors to fix the number of directors;

•   the power of nclh's board of directors to fill any vacancy on nclh's board of directors in most circumstances, including when such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise; and

•   advance notice requirements for nominating directors or introducing other business to be conducted at shareholder meetings.

additionally, nclh's bye-laws contain provisions that prevent third parties, other than the apollo holders, the tpg viking funds and genting hk, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of nclh's board of directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares acquired in excess of that limit. the effect of these provisions as well as the significant ownership of ordinary shares by our sponsors may preclude third parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in nclh in transactions that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from receiving a premium above market price for their shares.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations financial presentation revenue from our cruise and cruise-related activities are categorized by us as "passenger ticket revenue" and "onboard and other revenue." passenger ticket revenue and onboard and other revenue vary according to product offering, the size of the ship in operation, the length of cruises operated and the markets in which the ship operates. our revenue is seasonal based on demand for cruises, which has historically been strongest during the northern hemisphere's summer months.
passenger ticket revenue primarily consists of revenue for accommodations, meals in certain restaurants on the ship, certain onboard entertainment, and includes revenue for service charges and air and land transportation to and from the ship to the extent guests purchase these items from us. onboard and other revenue primarily consists of revenue from gaming, beverage sales, shore excursions, specialty dining, retail sales, spa services, photo services as well as certain bareboat charter revenue. we record onboard revenue from onboard activities we perform directly or that are performed by independent concessionaires, from which we receive a share of their revenue.
our cruise operating expense is classified as follows:
•    commissions, transportation and other primarily consists of direct costs associated with passenger ticket revenue. these costs include travel agent commissions, air and land transportation expenses, related credit card fees, costs associated with service charges, certain port expenses and the costs associated with shore excursions and hotel accommodations included as part of the overall cruise purchase price.

•   onboard and other primarily consists of direct costs that are incurred in connection with onboard and other revenue. these include costs incurred in connection with gaming, beverage sales and shore excursions.

•   payroll and related consists of the cost of wages and benefits for shipboard employees and costs of certain inventory items, including food, for a third party that provides crew and other hotel services for certain ships.

•   fuel includes fuel costs, the impact of certain fuel hedges and fuel delivery costs.

•   food consists of food costs for passengers and crew on certain ships.

•   other consists of repairs and maintenance (including dry-dock costs), ship insurance and other ship expenses.

critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the periods presented. we rely on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances to make these estimates and judgments. actual results could differ materially from these estimates. we believe that the following critical accounting policies reflect the significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. these critical accounting policies, which are presented in detail in our notes to our audited consolidated financial statements, relate to ship accounting, asset impairment and contingencies.
32

ship accounting ships represent our most significant assets, and we record them at cost less accumulated depreciation. depreciation of ships is computed on a straight-line basis over the estimated service lives of primarily 30 years after a 15% reduction for the estimated residual value of the ship. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized to the ship and depreciated over the improvements' estimated useful lives. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred. we account for dry-dock costs under the direct expense method which requires us to expense all dry-dock costs as incurred.
we determine the useful life of our ships based primarily on our estimates of the average useful life of the ships' major component systems, such as cabins, main diesels, main electric, superstructure and hull. in addition, we consider the impact of anticipated changes in the vacation market and technological conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. given the large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimate of ship service lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially lower or higher. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we reduced our estimated average 30-year ship service life by one year, depreciation expense for the year ended december 31, 2015 would have increased by $10.0 million. in addition, if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for the same period would have increased by $49.2 million. we believe our estimates for ship accounting are reasonable and our methods are consistently applied. we believe that depreciation expense is based on a rational and systematic method to allocate our ships' costs to the periods that benefit from the ships' usage.
asset impairment we review our long-lived assets, principally ships, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. assets are grouped and evaluated at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows that are largely independent of the cash flows of other groups of assets. we consider historical performance and future estimated results in our evaluation of potential impairment and then compare the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset. if the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the estimated expected undiscounted future cash flows, we measure the amount of the impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to its fair value. we estimate fair value based on the best information available making whatever estimates, judgments and projections considered necessary. the estimation of fair value is generally measured by discounting expected future cash flows at discount rates commensurate with the risk involved.
goodwill and other indefinite-lived assets, principally tradenames, are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or earlier if there is an event or change in circumstances that would indicate that the carrying value of these assets could not be fully recovered. we use the step 0 test which allows us to first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (i.e., more than 50%) that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying value. in order to make this evaluation, we consider the following circumstances:
·   general macroeconomic conditions such as a deterioration in general economic conditions; limitations on accessing capital;
fluctuations in foreign exchange rates; or other developments in equity and credit markets;

·   industry and market conditions such as a deterioration in the environment in which an entity operates; an increased competitive environment; a decline in market-dependent multiples or metrics (in both absolute terms and relative to peers); a change in the market for an entity's products or services; or a regulatory or political development;

·   changes in cost factors that have a negative effect on earnings and cash flows;

·   overall financial performance (for both actual and expected performance);

·   entity and reporting unit specific events such as changes in management, key personnel, strategy, or customers; litigation;
or a change in the composition or carrying amount of net assets; and

·   share price (in both absolute terms and relative to peers).

we believe our estimates and judgments with respect to our long-lived assets, principally ships, and goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets are reasonable. nonetheless, if there was a material change in assumptions used in the determination of such fair values or if there is a material change in the conditions or circumstances that influence such assets, we could be required to record an impairment charge. if a material change occurred, we may conduct a quantitative assessment comparing the fair value of each reporting unit to its carrying value, including goodwill. this is called the step i test which consists of a combined approach using the expected future cash flows and market multiples to determine the fair value of the reporting units.
as of december 31, 2015, our annual review consisting of the step 0 and step i test supports the carrying value of these assets.
33

contingencies periodically, we assess potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us or any asserted claims, including tax, legal and/or environmental matters. although it is typically very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any. in accordance with the guidance on accounting for contingencies, we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, although we believe that our estimates and judgments are reasonable, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any estimated provisions or previous disclosures.
non-gaap financial measures we use certain non-gaap financial measures, such as net revenue, adjusted net revenue, net yield, adjusted net yield, net cruise cost, adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel, adjusted ebitda, adjusted net income and adjusted eps, to enable us to analyze our performance. see "terms used in this annual report" for the definitions of these non-gaap financial measures. we utilize net revenue and net yield to manage our business on a day-to-day basis and believe that they are the most relevant measures of our revenue performance because they reflect the revenue earned by us net of significant variable costs. in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise cost and adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance.
as our business includes the sourcing of passengers and deployment of vessels outside of the u.s., a portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in foreign currencies, particularly british pound, canadian dollar, euro and australian dollar which are subject to fluctuations in currency exchange rates versus our reporting currency, the u.s. dollar. in order to monitor results excluding these fluctuations, we calculate certain non-gaap measures on a constant currency basis whereby current period revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies are converted to u.s. dollars using currency exchange rates of the comparable period. we believe that presenting these non-gaap measures on both a reported and constant currency basis is useful in providing a more comprehensive view of trends in our business.
we believe that adjusted ebitda is appropriate as a supplemental financial measure as it is used by management to assess operating performance. we believe that adjusted ebitda is a useful measure in determining our performance as it reflects certain operating drivers of our business, such as sales growth, operating costs, marketing, general and administrative expense and other operating income and expense. adjusted ebitda is not a defined term under gaap. adjusted ebitda is not intended to be a measure of liquidity or cash flows from operations or a measure comparable to net income as it does not take into account certain requirements such as capital expenditures and related depreciation, principal and interest payments and tax payments and it includes other supplemental adjustments.
in addition, adjusted net revenue and adjusted net yield, which excludes certain business combination accounting entries, are non-gaap financial measures that we believe are useful as supplemental measures in evaluating the performance of our operating business and provide greater transparency into our results of operations. adjusted net income and adjusted eps are non-gaap financial measures that exclude certain amounts and are used to supplement gaap net income and eps. we use adjusted net income and adjusted eps as key performance measures of our earnings performance. we believe that both management and investors benefit from referring to these non-gaap financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, forecasting and analyzing future periods. these non-gaap financial measures also facilitate management's internal comparison to our historical performance. the amounts excluded in the presentation of these non-gaap financial measures may vary from period to period; accordingly, our presentation of adjusted net revenue, adjusted net yield, adjusted net income and adjusted eps may not be indicative of future adjustments or results.
you are encouraged to evaluate each adjustment used in calculating our non-gaap financial measures and the reasons we consider our non-gaap financial measures appropriate for supplemental analysis. in evaluating our non-gaap financial measures, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to the adjustments in our presentation. our non-gaap financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider these measures in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. our presentation of our non-gaap financial measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. our non-gaap financial measures may not be comparable to other companies. please see a historical reconciliation of these measures to the most comparable gaap measure presented in our consolidated financial statements below in the "results of operations" section.
34

summary of significant 2015 events
·   in october, we took delivery of norwegian escape.

·     in december, the apollo holders and genting hk sold 10,342,055 ordinary shares of nclh in a secondary equity offering. in august and may, the selling shareholders sold an aggregate of 40,000,000 ordinary shares of nclh in secondary equity offerings. in march, genting hk and the tpg viking funds sold 12,500,000 ordinary shares of nclh in a secondary equity offering. the company did not receive any proceeds from these secondary equity offerings. as of december 31, 2015, the approximate relative ownership percentages of nclh's ordinary shares were as follows: the apollo holders (15.8%), genting hk (11.1%), the tpg viking funds (2.4%), and public shareholders (70.7%).

·   in accordance with nclh's $500.0 million share repurchase program, nclh may make repurchases in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, or pursuant to accelerated share repurchase programs or structured share repurchase programs, and any repurchases may be made pursuant to rule 10b5-1 plans. as of december 31, 2015, we have approximately $313.5 million of shares that may yet be repurchased under the program.

·      we have expanded our international presence. we began with the announcement of our redeployment of norwegian star to the australasia region which was followed by the opening of our sales office in sydney, australia that services our three brands. we also opened sales and marketing offices in shanghai, beijing, hong kong, china and brazil. we announced our plans to introduce the first purpose-built ship customized for the china market in 2017.

executive overview total revenue increased 39.0% to $4.3 billion for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $3.1 billion for the year ended december 31, 2014. net revenue for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased 37.9% to $3.3 billion from $2.4 billion in the same period in 2014 with an improvement in both net yield of 17.4% and capacity days of 17.5%.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, we had net income attributable to nclh and diluted eps of $427.1 million and $1.86, respectively. operating income increased 39.7% to $702.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 from $502.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014.
we had adjusted net income and adjusted eps of $662.7 million and $2.88, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2015, which includes $235.5 million of adjustments primarily consisting of expenses related to the acquisition of prestige, non-cash compensation and certain other adjustments. a 39.8% improvement in adjusted ebitda was achieved for the same period primarily due to the increase in net income and ebitda. we refer you to our "results of operations" below for a calculation of net revenue, net yield, adjusted net income, adjusted eps and adjusted ebitda.
results of operations we reported total revenue, total cruise operating expense, operating income and net income as follows (in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,

2015                    2014                    2013
total revenue                                                           $4,345,048              $3,125,881              $2,570,294
total cruise operating expense                                          $2,655,449              $1,946,624              $1,657,659
operating income                                                          $702,486                $502,941                $395,887
net income attributable to norwegian cruise line holdings ltd.            $427,137                $338,352                $101,714
eps:
basic                                                                        $1.89                   $1.64                   $0.50
diluted                                                                      $1.86                   $1.62                   $0.49
35

the following table sets forth operating data as a percentage of total revenue:
year ended december 31,

2015                 2014                  2013
revenue passenger ticket                                                          72.0    %             69.6    %              69.4    %
onboard and other                                                         28.0    %             30.4    %              30.6    %
total revenue                                                            100.0    %            100.0    %             100.0    %
cruise operating expense commissions, transportation and other                                     17.6    %             16.1    %              17.7    %
onboard and other                                                          6.3    %              7.2    %               7.6    %
payroll and related                                                       15.3    %             14.5    %              13.3    %
fuel                                                                       8.3    %             10.4    %              11.8    %
food                                                                       4.1    %              5.4    %               5.3    %
other                                                                      9.5    %              8.7    %               8.8    %
total cruise operating expense                                            61.1    %             62.3    %              64.5    %
other operating expense marketing, general and administrative                                     12.8    %             12.9    %              11.7    %
depreciation and amortization                                              9.9    %              8.7    %               8.4    %
total other operating expense                                             22.7    %             21.6    %              20.1    %
operating income                                                          16.2    %             16.1    %              15.4    %
non-operating income (expense)
interest expense, net                                                     (5.1   )%             (4.9   )%             (11.0   )%
other income (expense)                                                    (1.1   )%             (0.3   )%               0.1    %
total non-operating income (expense)                                      (6.2   )%             (5.2   )%             (10.9   )%
net income before income taxes                                            10.0    %             10.9    %               4.5    %
income tax benefit (expense)                                              (0.2   )%              0.1    %              (0.5   )%
net income                                                                 9.8    %             11.0    %               4.0    %
net income attributable to non-controlling interest                          -    %              0.1    %                 -    %
net income attributable to norwegian cruise line holdings ltd.             9.8    %             10.9    %               4.0    %
due to the abbreviated period of consolidation of prestige's results in 2014, certain metrics are presented both on an as reported basis and a norwegian stand-alone basis.
the following table sets forth selected statistical information:
year ended december 31,

2015                        2014                                                     2013
as                          as                          norwegian                    as reported                    reported                    stand-alone                  reported passengers carried                  2,164,404                   1,933,044                    1,917,501                   1,628,278
passenger cruise days              16,027,743                  13,634,200                   13,403,000                  11,400,906
capacity days                      14,700,990                  12,512,459                   12,252,155                  10,446,216
occupancy percentage        109.0               %       109.0               %       109.4                %       109.1               %
net revenue, adjusted net revenue, gross yield, net yield and adjusted net yield were calculated as follows (in thousands, except capacity days and yield data):
year ended december 31,

2015                                                  2014                                                                                2013
as                   constant                         as                  norwegian                     norwegian                          as reported                   currency                   reported                stand-alone                   stand-alone                    reported constant currency passenger                                $3,129,075                 $3,203,661                 $2,176,153                 $2,079,610                    $2,081,105                  $1,784,439
ticket revenue onboard                                   1,215,973                  1,215,973                    949,728                    934,576                       934,922                     785,855
and other revenue total revenue                             4,345,048                  4,419,634                  3,125,881                  3,014,186                     3,016,027                   2,570,294
less:
commissions, transportation                 765,298                    783,891                    503,722                    471,981                       474,466                     455,816
and other expense onboard                                     272,802                    272,802                    224,000                    218,033                       218,379                     195,526
and other expense net revenue                               3,306,948                  3,362,941                  2,398,159                  2,324,172                     2,323,182                   1,918,952
non-gaap adjustment:
deferred                                     32,431                     32,431                     10,052                          -                             -                           -
revenue (1)
adjusted                                 $3,339,379                 $3,395,372                 $2,408,211                 $2,324,172                    $2,323,182                  $1,918,952
net revenue capacity days                            14,700,990                 14,700,990                 12,512,459                 12,252,155                    12,252,155                  10,446,216
gross yield                                 $295.56                    $300.64                    $249.82                    $246.01                       $246.16                     $246.05
net yield                                   $224.95                    $228.76                    $191.66                    $189.69                       $189.61                     $183.70
adjusted net yield                          $227.15                    $230.96                    $192.47                    $189.69                       $189.61                     $183.70
(1)   reflects deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the acquisition of prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules.

36

gross cruise cost, net cruise cost, net cruise cost excluding fuel and adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except capacity days and per capacity day data):
year ended december 31,

2015                                                    2014                                                                                2013
as                    constant                          as                  norwegian                     norwegian                          as reported                    currency                    reported                stand-alone                   stand-alone                    reported constant currency total cruise                                                    $2,655,449                  $2,683,776                  $1,946,624                 $1,863,781                    $1,864,814                  $1,657,659
operating expense marketing,                                                         554,999                     560,376                     403,169                    374,630                       374,080                     301,155
general and administrative expense gross cruise cost                                                3,210,448                   3,244,152                   2,349,793                  2,238,411                     2,238,894                   1,958,814
less:
commissions, transportation                                        765,298                     783,891                     503,722                    471,981                       474,466                     455,816
and other expense onboard                                                            272,802                     272,802                     224,000                    218,033                       218,379                     195,526
and other expense net cruise cost                                                  2,172,348                   2,187,459                   1,622,071                  1,548,397                     1,546,049                   1,307,472
less:                                                              358,650                     358,650                     326,231                    315,345                       315,345                     303,439
fuel expense net cruise cost excluding                                        1,813,698                   1,828,809                   1,295,840                  1,233,052                     1,230,704                   1,004,033
fuel less non-gaap adjustments:
non-cash share-based compensation related to                             -                           -                           -                          -                             -                      18,527
the ipo (1)
crew expenses (2)                                                   10,154                      10,154                       7,693                      7,693                         7,693                           -
non-cash share-based compensation (3)                               42,211                      42,211                      20,627                     20,627                        20,627                       8,898
secondary equity offerings' expenses (4)                             2,226                       2,226                       2,075                      2,075                         2,075                       2,251
severance payments and other fees (5)                               17,580                      17,580                           -                          -                             -                           -
management ncl corporation units exchange expenses                     624                         624                           -                          -                             -                           -
(6)
acquisition of prestige expenses (7)                                27,170                      27,170                      57,513                     48,566                        48,566                           -
contingent consideration adjustment (8)                            (43,400   )                 (43,400   )                       -                          -                             -                           -
contract termination expenses (9)                                    3,319                       3,319                           -                          -                             -                           -
other (10)                                                               -                           -                       3,804                      3,804                         3,804                       3,373
adjusted                                                        $1,753,814                  $1,768,925                  $1,204,128                 $1,150,287                    $1,147,939                    $970,984
net cruise cost excluding fuel capacity days                                                   14,700,990                  14,700,990                  12,512,459                 12,252,155                    12,252,155                  10,446,216
gross cruise cost per                                              $218.38                     $220.68                     $187.80                    $182.70                       $182.73                     $187.51
capacity day net cruise cost per capacity                                       $147.77                     $148.80                     $129.64                    $126.38                       $126.19                     $125.16
day net cruise cost excluding                                          $123.37                     $124.40                     $103.56                    $100.64                       $100.45                      $96.11
fuel per capacity day adjusted net cruise cost                                           $119.30                     $120.33                      $96.23                     $93.88                        $93.69                      $92.95
excluding fuel per capacity day
(1)   non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the ipo, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(2)   non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense.

(3)   non-cash share-based compensation expense related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(4)   expenses related to the secondary equity offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(5)   severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(6)   expenses related to the exchange of management ncl corporation units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(7)   expenses related to the acquisition of prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(8)   contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the acquisition of prestige, which is included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(9)   contract termination expenses related to the acquisition of prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense.

(10)   expenses primarily related to the corporate reorganization and the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

37

adjusted net income and adjusted eps were calculated as follows (in thousands, except share and per share data):
year ended december 31,

2015                         2014                                                            2013
as                           as              norwegian stand-alone                           as reported                     reported                                                        reported net income attributable to norwegian cruise line holdings ltd.                                 $427,137                     $338,352                           $369,724                     $101,714
net income attributable to non-controlling interest                                                   -                        4,249                              4,249                        1,172
net income                                                                                      427,137                      342,601                            373,973                      102,886
non-gaap adjustments:
non-cash share-based compensation related to the ipo (1)                                              -                            -                                  -                       18,527
crew expenses (2)                                                                                10,154                        7,693                              7,693                            -
non-cash share-based compensation (3)                                                            42,384                       20,627                             20,627                        9,408
secondary equity offerings' expenses (4)                                                          2,226                        2,075                              2,075                        2,251
taxes related to changes in corporate structure (5)                                                   -                        5,247                              5,247                           (5   )
severance payments and other fees (6)                                                            17,580                            -                                  -                            -
debt related expenses (7)                                                                             -                       15,397                             23,762                      160,573
management ncl corporation units exchange expenses (8)                                              624                            -                                  -                            -
acquisition of prestige expenses (9)                                                             27,170                       57,513                             48,566                            -
deferred revenue (10)                                                                            32,431                       13,004                                  -                            -
amortization of intangible assets (11)                                                           72,917                       12,600                                  -                            -
contingent consideration adjustment (12)                                                        (43,400   )                        -                                  -                            -
loss on extinguishment of debt (13)                                                              12,624                            -                                  -                            -
derivative loss (14)                                                                             40,971                            -                                  -                            -
contract termination expenses (15)                                                                6,848                            -                                  -                            -
information technology write-off (16)                                                            12,988                            -                                  -                            -
other (17)                                                                                            -                        3,804                              3,804                        2,150
adjusted net income                                                                            $662,654                     $480,561                           $485,747                     $295,790
diluted weighted-average shares outstanding-net income and adjusted net income              230,040,132                  212,017,784                        209,684,848                  209,239,484
diluted eps                                                                                       $1.86                        $1.62                              $1.78                        $0.49
adjusted eps                                                                                      $2.88                        $2.27                              $2.32                        $1.41
(1)   non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the ipo, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(2)   non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense.

(3)   non-cash share-based compensation expense related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(4)   expenses related to the secondary equity offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(5)   taxes related to the change in our corporate entity structure, which are included in income tax benefit (expense).

(6)   severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(7)   write-off of deferred financing fees, premiums paid and other expenses related to prepayments of debt, which are included in interest expense, net.

(8)   expenses related to the exchange of management ncl corporation units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(9)   expenses related to the acquisition of prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(10)   deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the acquisition of prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules, which are primarily included in net revenue.

(11)   amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisition of prestige, which are included in depreciation and amortization expense.

(12)   contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the acquisition of prestige, which is included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(13)   loss on extinguishment of debt, which is included in interest expense, net.

(14)   losses of $(26.2) million for a foreign exchange collar which does not receive hedge accounting treatment and losses of $(14.7)
million related to certain fuel swap derivative hedge contracts for the year ended december 31, 2015.

(15)   contract termination expenses related to the acquisition of prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense and depreciation and amortization expense.

(16)   expenses related to the write-off of certain information technology items, which are included in depreciation and amortization expense.

(17)   expenses primarily related with the tax restructuring and costs related to the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

38

ebitda and adjusted ebitda were calculated as follows (in thousands):
year ended december 31,

2015                        2014                                               2013
as                       as                 norwegian                       as reported                 reported               stand-alone                 reported net income attributable to norwegian cruise line holdings ltd.                $427,137                 $338,352                  $369,724                 $101,714
interest expense, net                                                          221,909                  151,754                   150,871                  282,602
income tax expense (benefit)                                                     6,772                   (2,267   )                (2,279   )               11,802
depreciation and amortization expense                                          432,114                  273,147                   253,153                  215,593
ebitda                                                                       1,087,932                  760,986                   771,469                  611,711
net income attributable to non-controlling interest                                  -                    4,249                     4,249                    1,172
other (income) expense                                                          46,668                   10,853                        57                   (1,403   )
non-cash share-based compensation related to the ipo (1)                             -                        -                         -                   18,527
crew expenses (2)                                                               10,154                    7,693                     7,693                        -
non-cash share-based compensation (3)                                           42,211                   20,627                    20,627                   11,623
secondary equity offerings' expenses (4)                                         2,226                    2,075                     2,075                    2,251
severance payments and other fees (5)                                           17,580                        -                         -                        -
management ncl corporation units exchange expenses (6)                             624                        -                         -                        -
acquisition of prestige expenses (7)                                            27,170                   57,513                    48,566                        -
deferred revenue (8)                                                            32,431                   10,052                         -                        -
contingent consideration adjustment (9)                                        (43,400   )                    -                         -                        -
contract termination expenses (10)                                               3,319                        -                         -                        -
other (11)                                                                           -                    3,804                     3,804                    3,314
adjusted ebitda                                                             $1,226,915                 $877,852                  $858,540                 $647,195
(1)   non-cash share-based compensation expenses related to the ipo, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(2)   non-cash deferred compensation expenses related to the crew pension plan and other crew expenses, which are included in payroll and related expense.

(3)   non-cash share-based compensation expense related to equity awards, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(4)   expenses related to the secondary equity offerings, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(5)   severance payments and other expenses related to restructuring costs and other severance arrangements, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(6)   expenses related to the exchange of management ncl corporation units for ordinary shares, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(7)   expenses related to the acquisition of prestige, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(8)   deferred revenue fair value adjustments related to the acquisition of prestige that were made pursuant to business combination accounting rules, which are primarily included in net revenue.

(9)   contingent consideration fair value adjustment related to the acquisition of prestige, which is included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

(10)   contract termination expenses related to the acquisition of prestige, which are included in other cruise operating expense.

(11)   expenses primarily related with the tax restructuring and costs related to the settlement of a 2007 breach of contract claim, which are included in marketing, general and administrative expense.

year ended december 31, 2015 ("2015") compared to year ended december 31, 2014 ("2014")
revenue total revenue increased 39.0% to $4.3 billion in 2015 compared to $3.1 billion in 2014. net revenue increased 37.9% in 2015, primarily due to an increase in capacity days of 17.5% and net yield of 17.4%. the increase in capacity days was primarily due to the acquisition of prestige, the delivery of norwegian escape and the operation of norwegian getaway for the full year of 2015. the increase in net yield was primarily due to an increase in passenger ticket pricing and higher onboard and other revenue. adjusted net revenue for 2015 includes a deferred revenue fair value adjustment of $32.4 million related to the acquisition of prestige. on a constant currency basis, net yield and adjusted net yield increased 19.4% and 20.0%, respectively, in 2015 compared to 2014.
expense total cruise operating expense increased 36.4% in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to the increase in capacity days as discussed above. total other operating expense increased 46.0% in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to an increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses primarily related to the acquisition of prestige including certain restructuring and severance costs, as well as amortization expense related to the prestige intangible assets and depreciation expense related to the prestige ships. these increases were partially offset by the $43.4 million fair value adjustment for the contingent consideration related to the acquisition of prestige.
39

on a capacity day basis, net cruise cost increased 14.0% (14.8% on a constant currency basis) due to an increase in marketing, general and administrative expenses as discussed above and certain crew related expenses, partially offset by a decrease in fuel expense which was primarily the result of a 13.8% decrease in the average fuel price to $539 per metric ton in 2015 from $625 per metric ton in 2014. adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel per capacity day increased 24.0% (25.0% on a constant currency basis) primarily due to the increase in expenses discussed above.
interest expense, net increased to $221.9 million in 2015 from $151.8 million in 2014 primarily due to an increase in average debt outstanding in connection with the acquisition of prestige. other income (expense) was an expense of $46.7 million in 2015 compared to an expense of $10.9 million in 2014. this increase was primarily related to an expense of $30.7 million from the dedesignation of certain fuel swap derivative hedge contracts and the ineffectiveness of settled fuel swaps in 2015. also included in 2015 was an expense of $26.2 million related to the fair value adjustment of a foreign exchange collar which does not receive hedge accounting treatment partially offset by $11.0 million of foreign currency transaction gains.
we had an income tax expense of $6.8 million in 2015 compared to an income tax benefit of $2.3 million in 2014. during the fourth quarter of 2013, we completed the implementation of a global tax platform, which had a favorable impact on the amount of income subject to u.s. corporate tax which continued through calendar year 2014 and 2015. in addition, during the first quarter of 2014, we received information which allowed us to elect a tax method to calculate deductible interest expense resulting in a tax benefit of $11.1 million including a $5.3 million non-recurring benefit that has been excluded from adjusted net income and adjusted eps for the year ended december 31, 2014.
year ended december 31, 2014 ("2014") compared to year ended december 31, 2013 ("2013")
revenue total revenue increased 21.6% to $3.1 billion in 2014 compared to $2.6 billion in 2013. net revenue increased 25.0% in 2014, primarily due to an increase in capacity days of 19.8%. the increase in capacity days was primarily due to the delivery of norwegian breakaway in april 2013 and norwegian getaway in january 2014. the net yield improvement of 4.3% was due to higher net ticket and net onboard and other revenue. adjusted net revenue for 2014 includes a deferred revenue fair value adjustment of $10.1 million related to the acquisition of prestige. the improvement in adjusted net yield was primarily the result of a 3.3% increase in norwegian stand-alone net yield (3.2% on a constant currency basis) and partially due to the addition of prestige's brands to the fleet.
expense total cruise operating expense increased 17.4% in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the increase in capacity days as discussed above. total other operating expense increased 30.9% in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to transaction expenses related to the acquisition of prestige and certain inaugural and launch-related costs for norwegian getaway and an increase in depreciation and amortization expense related to the addition of norwegian breakaway and norwegian getaway. on a capacity day basis, net cruise cost increased 3.6% due to the increase in expenses explained above partially offset by a decrease in fuel expense. the fuel price per metric ton, excluding the impact of hedges was $605 in 2014 compared to $686 in 2013. we experienced a negative impact in 2014 of $10.3 million on our hedge portfolio due to recent reductions in fuel prices compared to a benefit of $4.7 million in 2013. net of hedges, fuel price per metric ton decreased to $625 in 2014 compared to $675 in 2013. the company's fuel consumption per capacity day decreased 3.1%. on a capacity day basis, net cruise cost excluding fuel increased 7.8% primarily due to costs related to the acquisition of prestige and certain general and administrative costs and adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel per capacity day increased 3.5%. adjusted net cruise cost excluding fuel was relatively unchanged on a norwegian stand-alone constant currency basis.
interest expense, net decreased to $151.8 million in 2014 from $282.6 million in 2013. interest expense, net for 2014 reflected an increase in average debt outstanding associated with newbuild financings and debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of prestige, partially offset by lower interest rates from the benefits from the redemption of higher rate debt and refinancing transactions. in addition, 2014 reflects $15.4 million of expenses related to financing transactions in conjunction with the acquisition of prestige while 2013 reflects $160.6 million of expenses associated with debt prepayments.
in 2014 we had an income tax benefit of $2.3 million compared to an income tax expense of $11.8 million for 2013. during the fourth quarter of 2013, we completed the implementation of a global tax platform, which had a favorable impact on the amount of income subject to u.s. corporate tax. this favorable impact continued through calendar year 2014. in addition, during the first quarter of 2014, we received information which allowed us to elect a tax method to calculate deductible interest expense which resulted in a tax benefit of $11.1 million including a $5.2 million non-recurring benefit.
40

liquidity and capital resources general as of december 31, 2015, our liquidity was $665.9 million consisting of $115.9 million in cash and cash equivalents and $550.0 million available under our revolving credit facility. our primary ongoing liquidity requirements are to finance working capital, capital expenditures and debt service.
as of december 31, 2015, we had a working capital deficit of $2.0 billion. this deficit included $1.0 billion of advance ticket sales, which represents the total revenue we collect in advance of sailing dates and accordingly are substantially more like deferred revenue balances rather than actual current cash liabilities. our business model, along with our revolving credit facility, allows us to operate with a working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs.
our existing debt agreements restrict, and any of our future debt arrangements may restrict, among other things, the ability of our subsidiaries, including nclc, to make distributions and/or to pay dividends to nclh and our ability to pay cash dividends to our shareholders. we are a holding company and depend upon our subsidiaries for their ability to pay distributions to us to finance any dividend or pay any other obligations of nclh. however, we do not believe that these restrictions have had or are expected to have an impact on our ability to meet any cash obligations.
sources and uses of cash in this section, references to 2015 refer to the year ended december 31, 2015, references to 2014 refer to the year ended december 31, 2014 and references to 2013 refer to the year ended december 31, 2013.
net cash provided by operating activities was $1.0 billion in 2015 compared to $635.6 million in 2014 and $475.3 million in 2013. the change in net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 reflects net income of $427.1 million, as well as timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating assets and liabilities and advance ticket sales of $218.3 million in 2015 compared to $(23.9) million in 2014. the change in net cash provided by operating activities in 2014 reflects net income of $342.6 million compared to net income in 2013 of $102.9 million, as well as timing differences in cash receipts and payments relating to operating assets and liabilities. the net income in 2013 included fees of $124.2 million related to prepayment of debt and $11.4 million of deferred income taxes.
net cash used in investing activities was $1.2 billion in 2015, primarily related to payments for our newbuild ships, the delivery of norwegian escape, ship improvements and shoreside projects. net cash used in investing activities was $1.8 billion in 2014, primarily due to payments related to (i) the acquisition of prestige (ii) the delivery of norwegian getaway, and (iii) our breakaway plus class ships and other ship improvements and shoreside projects. net cash used in investing activities was $894.9 million in 2013, primarily related to the payments for construction and delivery of norwegian breakaway and construction of norwegian getaway, as well as other ship improvements and shoreside projects.
net cash provided by financing activities was $196.2 million in 2015, primarily from the issuance of our $600.0 million 4.625% senior unsecured notes, borrowings related to our revolving loan facility and our breakaway three loan facility for the delivery of norwegian escape, partially offset by redemption of our $300.0 million 5.00% senior unsecured notes due 2018 and repayments on our revolving loan facility and other loan facilities. net cash provided by financing activities was $1.2 billion in 2014, primarily due to borrowings of an incremental $700.0 million under our $1.4 billion term loan facility, our $350.0 million senior secured term loan facility and borrowings under the breakaway two loan and credit facilities related to our breakaway plus class ships partially offset by repayments of our revolving credit facility and other borrowings. in november 2014, we also issued the $680.0 million 5.25% senior unsecured notes. net cash provided by financing activities was $430.5 million in 2013, primarily due to the issuance of our $300.0 million 5% senior unsecured notes as well as borrowings under other credit facilities and the proceeds from the issuance of ordinary shares partially offset by repayments of our $450.0 million 11.75% senior secured notes and revolving credit facilities, and a payment related to the norwegian sky purchase agreement.
future capital commitments future capital commitments consist of contracted commitments, including ship construction contracts, and future expected capital expenditures necessary for operations. as of december 31, 2015, anticipated capital expenditures were $1.0 billion, $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion for each of the years ending december 31, 2016, 2017 and 2018, respectively, of which we have export credit financing in place for the expenditures related to ship construction contracts of $0.5 billion for 2016, $0.6 billion for 2017 and $0.7 billion for 2018.
norwegian escape was delivered in october 2015. we have three other breakaway plus class ships on order with meyer werft shipyard for delivery in the spring of 2017, spring of 2018 and fall of 2019. these ships will be the largest in our fleet, reaching approximately 164,600 gross tons. the combined contract price of these three ships is approximately €2.5 billion, or $2.7 billion based on the euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate as of december 31, 2015. we have export credit financing in place that provides financing for 80% of their contract prices. we also have a contract with fincantieri shipyard to build a cruise ship to be named seven seas explorer. the original contract price of the ship is approximately €343.0 million, or approximately $372.6 million based on the euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate as of december 31, 2015. we have export credit financing in place that provides financing for 80% of the ship's contract price. seven seas explorer is expected to be delivered in the summer of 2016.
41

in connection with the contracts to build these ships, we do not anticipate any contractual breaches or cancellation to occur. however, if any would occur, it could result in, among other things, the forfeiture of prior deposits or payments made by us, subject to certain refund guarantees, and potential claims and impairment losses which may materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
capitalized interest for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 was $31.9 million, $22.0 million and $26.3 million, respectively, primarily associated with the construction of our newbuild ships.
off-balance sheet transactions none.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015, our contractual obligations, with initial or remaining terms in excess of one year, including interest payments on long-term debt obligations, were as follows (in thousands):
total            less than             1-3                3-5            more than
1 year             years              years            5 years

long-term debt(1)                       $6,502,834          $629,840          $1,974,456        $2,015,644        $1,882,894
due to affiliate(2)                         20,769            20,769                   -                 -                 -
operating leases(3)                        156,680            12,448              27,268            28,150            88,814
ship construction contracts(4)           2,992,057           536,815           1,697,128           758,114                 -
port facilities(5)                         185,834            33,217              49,544            42,184            60,889
interest(6)                                929,245           183,900             357,167           231,455           156,723
other(7)                                   129,787            54,548              34,896            15,572            24,771
total                                  $10,917,206        $1,471,537          $4,140,459        $3,091,119        $2,214,091
(1)   includes premiums aggregating $0.7 million. also includes capital leases.

(2)   primarily related to the purchase of norwegian sky.

(3)   primarily for offices, motor vehicles and office equipment.

(4)   for our newbuild ships based on the euro/u.s. dollar exchange rate as of december 31, 2015. export credit financing is in place from syndicates of banks.

(5)   primarily for our usage of certain port facilities.

(6)   includes fixed and variable rates with libor held constant as of december 31, 2015.

(7)   future commitments for service, maintenance and other business enhancement capital expenditure contracts.

the table above does not include $11.2 million of unrecognized tax benefits (we refer you to the notes to the consolidated financial statements note-11 "income tax").
other certain service providers may require collateral in the normal course of our business. the amount of collateral may change based on certain terms and conditions.
as a routine part of our business, depending on market conditions, exchange rates, pricing and our strategy for growth, we regularly consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships, potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they may be financed through the incurrence of additional permitted indebtedness, through cash flows from operations, or through the issuance of debt, equity or equity-related securities.
funding sources our debt agreements contain covenants that, among other things, require us to maintain a minimum level of liquidity, as well as limit our net funded debt-to-capital ratio, maintain certain other ratios and restrict our ability to pay dividends. our ships and substantially all other property and equipment are pledged as collateral for our debt. we believe we were in compliance with these covenants as of december 31, 2015.
the impact of changes in world economies and especially the global credit markets has created a challenging environment and may reduce future consumer demand for cruises and adversely affect our counterparty credit risks. in the event this environment deteriorates, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
we believe our cash on hand, expected future operating cash inflows, additional available borrowings under our existing credit facility and our ability to issue debt securities or raise additional equity, will be sufficient to fund operations, debt payment requirements, capital expenditures and maintain compliance with covenants under our debt agreements over the next twelve-month period. there is no assurance that cash flows from operations and additional financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations.
42

