item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
nisource's operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including those described below, that could adversely affect the company's business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and the trading price of the company's common stock.
nisource has substantial indebtedness which could adversely affect its financial condition.
nisource had total consolidated indebtedness of $6,949.6 million outstanding as of december 31, 2015. the company's substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. for example, it could:
•   limit the company's ability to borrow additional funds or increase the cost of borrowing additional funds;
•   reduce the availability of cash flow from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes;
•   limit the company's flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the business and the industries in which it operates;
•   lead parties with whom nisource does business to require additional credit support, such as letters of credit, in order for nisource to transact such business;
•   place nisource at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that are less leveraged;
•   increase vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; and
•   limit the ability of the company to execute on its growth strategy, which is dependent upon access to capital to fund its substantial investment program.
some of nisource's debt obligations contain financial covenants related to debt-to-capital ratios and cross-default provisions. nisource's failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of outstanding debt obligations.
a drop in nisource's credit rating could adversely impact nisource's liquidity.
the credit rating agencies periodically review the company's ratings, taking into account factors such as our capital structure and earnings profile. in 2015, moody's affirmed the nisource senior unsecured rating of baa2 and its commercial paper rating of p-2, with stable outlooks. moody's also affirmed nipsco's baa1 rating and columbia gas of massachusetts's baa2 rating, with stable outlooks. in 2015, standard & poor's raised the senior unsecured ratings of nisource and its subsidiaries to bbb+ and nisource's commercial paper rating to a-2, with stable outlooks. in 2015, fitch affirmed the nisource senior unsecured rating of bbb-, commercial paper rating of f3 and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries. fitch revised its outlook to positive.
the company is committed to maintaining investment grade credit ratings, however, there is no assurance we will be able to do so in the future. the company's credit ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. any negative rating action could adversely affect our ability to access capital at rates and on terms that are attractive. a negative rating action could also adversely impact our business relationships with suppliers and operating partners.
certain nisource subsidiaries have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral if the credit ratings of nisource or certain of its subsidiaries are below investment grade. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of power. as of december 31, 2015 the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $26.9 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
nisource may not be able to execute its business plan or growth strategy, including utility infrastructure investments.
business or regulatory conditions may result in nisource not being able to execute its business plan or growth strategy, including identified, planned and other utility infrastructure investments. nisource's customer and regulatory initiatives may not achieve planned results. utility infrastructure investments may not materialize, may cease to be achievable or economically viable and may not be successfully completed. natural gas may cease to be viewed as an economically and ecologically attractive fuel. any of these developments could adversely affect our results of operations and growth prospects.
8
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
adverse economic and market conditions or increases in interest rates could reduce net revenue growth, increase costs, decrease future net income and cash flows and impact capital resources and liquidity needs.
while the national economy is experiencing modest growth, nisource cannot predict how robust future growth will be or whether or not it will be sustained. deteriorating or sluggish economic conditions in nisource's operating jurisdictions could adversely impact nisource's ability to grow its customer base and collect revenues from customers, which could reduce net revenue growth and increase operating costs.
the company relies on access to the capital markets to finance our liquidity and long-term capital requirements. market turmoil could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or refinance debt at reasonable borrowing costs and terms. reduced access to capital markets and/or increased borrowing costs could reduce future net income and cash flows. refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information related to outstanding long-term debt and maturities of that debt.
capital market performance and other factors may decrease the value of benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding and impact earnings.
the performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. nisource has significant obligations in these areas and holds significant assets in these trusts. these assets are subject to market fluctuations and may yield uncertain returns, which fall below nisource's projected rates of return. a decline in the market value of assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations under the defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans. additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under these benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, which could potentially increase funding requirements. further, the funding requirements of the obligations related to these benefits plans may increase due to changes in governmental regulations and participant demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions. ultimately, significant funding requirements and increased pension or other postretirement benefit plan expense could negatively impact nisource's results of operations and financial position.
the majority of nisource's net revenues are subject to economic regulation and are exposed to the impact of regulatory rate reviews and proceedings.
most of nisource's net revenues are subject to economic regulation at either the federal or state level. as such, the net revenues generated by those regulated companies are subject to regulatory review by the applicable federal or state authority. these rate reviews determine the rates charged to customers and directly impact revenues. nisource's financial results are dependent on frequent regulatory proceedings in order to ensure timely recovery of costs. additionally, the costs of complying with future changes in environmental laws and regulations are expected to be significant, and their recovery through rates will be contingent on regulatory approval.
as a result of efforts to introduce market-based competition in certain markets where the regulated businesses conduct operations, nisource may compete with independent marketers for customers. this competition exposes nisource to the risk that certain stranded costs may not be recoverable and may affect results of nisource's growth strategy and financial position.
nisource's costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant. the costs of compliance with future environmental laws and the costs associated with environmental liabilities could impact cash flow and profitability.
nisource is subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental requirements that, among other things, regulate air emissions, water usage and discharges, remediation and the management of chemicals, hazardous waste, solid waste, and coal combustion residuals. compliance with these legal obligations requires nisource to make expenditures for installation of pollution control equipment, remediation, environmental monitoring, emissions fees and permits at many of nisource's facilities. these expenditures are significant, and nisource expects that they will continue to be significant in the future. furthermore, if nisource fails to comply with environmental laws and regulations or is found to have caused damage to the environment or persons, even if caused by factors beyond nisource's control, that failure or harm may result in the assessment of civil or criminal penalties and damages against nisource.
existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and new laws and regulations seeking to increase environmental regulation of the energy industry may be adopted or become applicable to nisource. revised or additional laws and regulations could result in significant additional expense and operating restrictions on nisource's facilities or increased compliance costs,
9
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
which may not be fully recoverable from customers and would, therefore, reduce net income. moreover, such costs could materially affect the continued economic viability of one or more of nisource's facilities.
even in instances where legal and regulatory requirements are already known or anticipated, the original cost estimates for cleanup and environmental capital projects can differ materially from the amount ultimately expended. the actual future expenditures depend on many factors, including the nature and extent of impact, the method of cleanup, the cost of raw materials, contractor costs, and the availability of cost recovery. changes in costs and the ability to recover under regulatory mechanisms could affect nisource's financial position, operating results and cash flows. because nisource operates fossil fuel facilities, emissions of ghgs are an expected aspect of the business. while nisource continues to reduce ghg emissions through efficiency programs, leak detection, and other programs, ghg emissions cannot be eliminated. the epa has made clear that it is focused on reducing ghg emissions from the energy industry. on october 18, 2015, the epa finalized its cpp, which regulates greenhouse gas emissions from coal and natural gas electric generating units. the cpp is subject to various legal challenges, but, if the cpp survives these challenges, the compliance costs associated with cpp requirements could impact cash flow. in addition, the cpp could increase nisource's cost of producing energy, which may impact customer demand and/or nisource's profitability. the cpp requires states (or in some cases the epa) to develop individualized plans to meet the cpp emission reduction requirements. depending on the array of programs chosen by the state of indiana or epa, nisource's cpp compliance costs could be substantial. it is also possible that additional future ghg legislation and/or regulation could materially impact nisource. the cost impact of any new and/or amended ghg legislation or regulations would depend upon the specific requirements enacted and cannot be determined at this time.
a significant portion of the gas and electricity nisource sells is used by residential and commercial customers for heating and air conditioning. accordingly, fluctuations in weather, gas and electricity commodity costs and economic conditions impact demand of our customers and our operating results.
energy sales are sensitive to variations in weather. forecasts of energy sales are based on normal weather, which represents a long-term historical average. significant variations from normal weather could have, and have had, a material impact on energy sales. additionally, residential usage, and to some degree commercial usage is sensitive to fluctuations in commodity costs for gas and electricity, whereby usage declines with increased costs, thus affecting nisource's financial results. lastly, residential and commercial customers' usage is sensitive to economic conditions and factors such as unemployment, consumption and consumer confidence. therefore, prevailing economic conditions may affect nisource's financial results.
nisource's business operations are subject to economic conditions in certain industries.
business operations throughout nisource's service territories have been and may continue to be adversely affected by economic events at the national and local level where it operates. in particular, sales to large industrial customers, such as those in the steel, oil refining, industrial gas and related industries, may be impacted by economic downturns. the u.s. manufacturing industry continues to adjust to changing market conditions including international competition, increasing costs, and fluctuating demand for its products.
fluctuations in the price of energy commodities or their related transportation costs may have a negative impact on nisource's financial results.
nisource's electric generating fleet is dependent on coal and natural gas for fuel, and its gas distribution operations purchase and resell much of the natural gas they deliver. these energy commodities are vulnerable to price fluctuations and fluctuations in associated transportation costs. from time to time, nisource has used hedging in order to offset fluctuations in commodity supply prices. nisource relies on regulatory recovery mechanisms in the various jurisdictions in order to fully recover the commodity costs incurred in operations. however, while nisource has historically been successful in recovery of costs related to such commodity prices, there can be no assurance that such costs will be fully recovered through rates in a timely manner.
nisource is exposed to risk that customers will not remit payment for delivered energy or services, and that suppliers or counterparties will not perform under various financial or operating agreements.
nisource's extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy, involves considerable judgment and is based on an evaluation of a customer or counterparty's financial condition, credit history and other factors. nisource monitors its credit risk exposure by obtaining credit reports and updated financial information for customers and suppliers, and by evaluating the financial status of its banking partners and other counterparties by reference to market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing
10
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
levels, and to traditional credit ratings provided by the major credit rating agencies. adverse economic conditions could result in an increase in defaults by customers, suppliers and counterparties.
nisource has significant goodwill and definite-lived intangible assets. an impairment of goodwill or definite-lived intangible assets could result in a significant charge to earnings and negatively impact nisource's compliance with certain covenants under financing agreements.
in accordance with gaap, nisource tests goodwill for impairment at least annually and reviews its definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. goodwill also is tested for impairment when factors, examples of which include reduced cash flow estimates, a sustained decline in stock price or market capitalization below book value, indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. nisource would be required to record a charge in its financial statements for the period in which any impairment of the goodwill or definite-lived intangible assets is determined, negatively impacting the results of operations. a significant charge could impact the capitalization ratio covenant under certain financing agreements. nisource is subject to a financial covenant under its five-year revolving credit facility, which requires nisource to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. a similar covenant in a 2005 private placement note purchase agreement requires nisource to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 75%. as of december 31, 2015, the ratio was 64%.
changes in taxation and the ability to quantify such changes could adversely affect nisource's financial results.
nisource is subject to taxation by the various taxing authorities at the federal, state and local levels where it does business. legislation or regulation which could affect nisource's tax burden could be enacted by any of these governmental authorities. nisource cannot predict the timing or extent of such tax-related developments which could have a negative impact on the financial results. additionally, nisource uses its best judgment in attempting to quantify and reserve for these tax obligations. however, a challenge by a taxing authority, nisource's ability to utilize tax benefits such as carryforwards or tax credits, or a deviation from other tax-related assumptions may cause actual financial results to deviate from previous estimates.
changes in accounting principles may adversely affect nisource's financial results.
future changes in accounting rules and associated changes in regulatory accounting may negatively impact the way nisource records revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. these changes in accounting standards may adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations.
distribution of natural gas, and the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity involve numerous risks that may result in incidents and other operating risks and costs.
nisource's gas distribution and transmission activities, as well as generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity, involve a variety of inherent hazards and operating risks, such as gas leaks, downed power lines, incidents, including third-party damages, large scale outages, and mechanical problems, which could cause substantial financial losses. in addition, these risks could result in serious injury or loss of life to employees and the general public, significant damage to property, environmental pollution, impairment of its operations, adverse regulatory rulings and reputational harm, which in turn could lead to substantial losses to nisource. the location of pipeline facilities, or generation, transmission, substation and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from such events. the occurrence of such events could adversely affect nisource's financial position and results of operations. in accordance with customary industry practice, nisource maintains insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses.
aging infrastructure may lead to disruptions in operations and increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, all of which could negatively impact nisource's financial results.
nisource has risks associated with aging infrastructure assets. the age of these assets may result in a need for replacement, a higher level of maintenance costs and unscheduled outages despite efforts by nisource to properly maintain these assets through inspection, scheduled maintenance and capital investment. the failure to operate these assets as desired could result in incidents and in nisource's inability to meet firm service obligations, adversely impacting revenues, and could also result in increased capital expenditures and maintenance costs, which, if not fully recovered from customers, could negatively impact nisource's financial results.
11
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
the impacts of climate change, natural disasters, acts of terrorism or other catastrophic events may disrupt operations and reduce the ability to service customers.
a disruption or failure of natural gas distribution systems, or within electric generation, transmission or distribution systems, in the event of a major hurricane, tornado, terrorist attack or other catastrophic event could cause delays in completing sales, providing services, or performing other critical functions. nisource has experienced disruptions in the past from hurricanes and tornadoes and other events of this nature. the occurrence of such events could adversely affect nisource's financial position and results of operations. in accordance with customary industry practice, nisource maintains insurance against some, but not all, of these risks and losses. there is also a concern that climate change may exacerbate the risks to physical infrastructure. such risks include heat stresses to power lines, storms that damage infrastructure, lake and sea level changes that damage the manner in which services are currently provided, droughts or other stresses on water used to supply services, and other extreme weather conditions. climate change and the costs that may be associated with its impacts have the potential to affect nisource's business in many ways, including increasing the cost nisource incurs in providing its products and services, impacting the demand for and consumption of its products and services (due to change in both costs and weather patterns), and affecting the economic health of the regions in which nisource operates.
a cyber-attack on any of nisource's or certain third-party computer systems upon which nisource relies may adversely affect its ability to operate.
nisource is reliant on technology to run its businesses, which are dependent upon financial and operational computer systems to process critical information necessary to conduct various elements of its business, including the generation, transmission and distribution of electricity, operation of its gas pipeline facilities and the recording and reporting of commercial and financial transactions to regulators, investors and other stakeholders. any failure of nisource's computer systems, or those of its customers, suppliers or others with whom it does business, could materially disrupt nisource's ability to operate its business and could result in a financial loss and possibly do harm to nisource's reputation.
additionally, nisource's information systems experience ongoing, often sophisticated, cyber-attacks by a variety of sources with the apparent aim to breach nisource's cyber-defenses. although nisource attempts to maintain adequate defenses to these attacks and works through industry groups and trade associations to identify common threats and assess nisource's countermeasures, a security breach of nisource's information systems could (i) impact the reliability of nisource's generation, transmission and distribution systems and potentially negatively impact nisource's compliance with certain mandatory reliability standards, (ii) subject nisource to harm associated with theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information such as system operating information or information, personal or otherwise, relating to nisource's customers or employees, and/or (iii) impact nisource's ability to manage nisource's businesses.
nisource's capital projects and programs subject the company to construction risks and natural gas costs and supply risks.
nisource is engaged in an intrastate natural gas pipeline modernization program to maintain system integrity and enhance service reliability and flexibility. nipsco also is currently engaged in a number of capital projects, including environmental improvements to its electric generating stations, as well as the construction of new transmission facilities. as nisource undertakes these projects and programs, it may not be able to complete them on schedule or at the anticipated costs. additionally, nisource may construct or purchase some of these projects and programs to capture anticipated future growth in natural gas production, which may not materialize, and may cause the construction to occur over an extended period of time. nisource also may not receive material increases in revenue and cash flows until after the completion of the projects and programs.
sustained extreme weather conditions may negatively impact nisource's operations.
nisource conducts its operations across a wide geographic area subject to varied and potentially extreme weather conditions, which may from time to time persist for sustained periods of time. despite preventative maintenance efforts, persistent weather related stress on nisource's infrastructure may reveal weaknesses in its systems not previously known to the company or otherwise present various operational challenges across all business segments. further, adverse weather may affect nisource's ability to conduct operations in a manner that satisfies customer expectations or contractual obligations, including by causing service disruptions.
12
item 1a. risk factors nisource inc.
nisource is a holding company and is dependent on cash generated by subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations and pay dividends on its common stock.
nisource is a holding company and conducts its operations primarily through its subsidiaries. substantially all of nisource's consolidated assets are held by its subsidiaries. accordingly, nisource's ability to meet its debt obligations or pay dividends on its common stock is largely dependent upon cash generated by these subsidiaries. in the event a major subsidiary is not able to pay dividends or transfer cash flows to nisource, nisource's ability to service its debt obligations or pay dividends could be negatively affected.
following the separation, all of the entities formerly included in nisource's columbia pipeline group operations segment have been separated from nisource and are held by a separate publicly traded company (cpg). the related assets are no longer held by subsidiaries of nisource, which may negatively affect nisource's ability to service its debt obligations or pay dividends.
the separation may not achieve the intended benefits and may result in significant tax liabilities.
nisource cannot predict with certainty when the benefits expected from the separation will occur or the extent to which they will be achieved, if at all. furthermore, there are various uncertainties and risks relating to the process of the separation that could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, including disruption of our operations and impairment of our relationship with regulators, key personnel, customers and vendors. as a result of the completion of the separation, nisource faces new and unique risks, including having fewer assets, reduced financial resources and less diversification of revenue sources.
the separation was conditioned on the receipt by nisource of a legal opinion to the effect that the distribution of cpg shares to nisource stockholders is expected to qualify as tax-free under section 355 of the u.s. internal revenue code. even though nisource has received such an opinion, the irs could determine on audit that the distribution is taxable. both nisource and its stockholders could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities if taxing authorities conclude the distribution is taxable.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
index                                          page consolidated review                              21
executive summary                                21
results of operations                            23
liquidity and capital resources                  25
off balance sheet arrangements                   28
market risk disclosures                          28
other information                                29
results and discussion of segment operations     32
gas distribution operations                      33
electric operations                              37
note regarding forward-looking statements this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, including statements regarding market risk sensitive instruments, contains "forward-looking statements," within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended (the "securities act"), and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the "exchange act"). investors and prospective investors should understand that many factors govern whether any forward-looking statement contained herein will be or can be realized. any one of those factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. these forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning nisource's plans, objectives, expected performance, expenditures, recovery of expenditures through rates, stated on either a consolidated or segment basis, and any and all underlying assumptions and other statements that are other than statements of historical fact. from time to time, nisource may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this nature. all such subsequent forward-looking statements, whether written or oral and whether made by or on behalf of nisource, are also expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. all forward-looking statements are based on assumptions that management believes to be reasonable; however, there can be no assurance that actual results will not differ materially.
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the projections, forecasts, estimates and expectations discussed in this annual report on form 10-k include, among other things, nisource's debt obligations; any changes in nisource's credit rating; nisource's ability to execute its growth strategy; changes in general economic, capital and commodity market conditions; pension funding obligations; economic regulation and the impact of regulatory rate reviews; compliance with environmental laws and the costs of associated liabilities; fluctuations in demand from residential and commercial customers; economic conditions of certain industries; the price of energy commodities and related transportation costs; the reliability of customers and suppliers to fulfill their payment and contractual obligations; potential impairments of goodwill or definite-lived intangible assets; changes in taxation and accounting principles; potential incidents and other operating risks associated with our business; the impact of an aging infrastructure; the impact of climate change; potential cyber-attacks; risks associated with construction and natural gas cost and supply; extreme weather conditions; the ability of subsidiaries to generate cash; uncertainties related to the expected benefits of the separation and the matters set forth in item 1a, "risk factors" of this report, many of which risks are beyond the control of nisource. in addition, the relative contributions to profitability by each segment, and the assumptions underlying the forward-looking statements relating thereto, may change over time.
consolidated review executive summary nisource is an energy holding company under the public utility holding company act of 2005 whose subsidiaries are fully regulated natural gas and electric utility companies serving customers in seven states. nisource generates substantially all of its operating income through these rate-regulated businesses. a significant portion of nisource's operations is subject to seasonal fluctuations in sales. during the heating season, which is primarily from november through march, net revenues from gas sales are more significant, and during the cooling season, which is primarily from june through september, net revenues from electric sales are more significant, than in other months.
nisource reported lower income from continuing operations of $198.6 million or $0.63 per basic share for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 compared to $256.2 million or $0.81 per basic share for the same period in 2014. the lower income
21
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
from continuing operations during 2015 was due primarily to a $97.2 million loss on early extinguishment of long-term debt recorded as a result of the debt restructuring that occurred in 2015 as part of the separation.
for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015, nisource reported operating income of $799.9 million compared to $789.1 million for the same period in 2014. the slightly higher operating income was primarily due to increased net revenues from gas distribution regulatory and service programs, increased return on environmental capital investment at nipsco partially offset by lower net revenues due to warmer than normal weather and lower industrial customer usage. operating expenses were higher due to increased employee and administrative expenses, higher environmental remediation costs and increased depreciation expense.
as part of our long-term regulated infrastructure investment program, nisource invested $1,367.5 million in 2015 across our gas and electric utilities. nisource expects to invest an additional $1,391.6 million during 2016.
nisource believes that through income generated from operating activities, amounts available under its short-term revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, accounts receivable securitization facilities, long-term debt agreements and nisource's ability to access the capital markets, there is adequate capital available to fund its operating activities and capital expenditures in 2016. at december 31, 2015, nisource had approximately $1,179.4 million of liquidity available, consisting of cash and available capacity under credit facilities.
these factors and other impacts to the financial results are discussed in more detail within the following discussions of "results of operations" and "results and discussion of segment operations."
platform for growth nisource's business plan continues to center on regulatory and customer initiatives.
regulatory initiatives nisource's utilities continue to move forward on core infrastructure and environmental investment programs supported by complementary regulatory and customer initiatives across all seven states. nisource invested approximately $1.4 billion across its gas and electric utilities in 2015. nisource has now executed against approximately $2.0 billion of an estimated $30 billion in total projected long-term regulated utility infrastructure investments. nisource expects to invest approximately $1.4 billion in capital during 2016 to continue to modernize and improve its system across all seven states. nisource's goal is to develop strategies that benefit all stakeholders as it addresses changing customer conservation patterns, develops more contemporary pricing structures, and embarks on long-term investment programs. these strategies will help improve reliability and safety, enhance customer services and reduce emissions while generating sustainable returns.
gas distribution operations
•   on december 3, 2015, the pennsylvania puc approved a settlement in columbia of pennsylvania's base rate case. the settlement maintains columbia of pennsylvania's ability to continue replacing and upgrading its natural gas distribution system. the approved rate adjustment went into effect on december 18, 2015, and will increase columbia of pennsylvania's annual revenues by $28.0 million. the settlement also included new incentives that will significantly reduce costs for customers converting to natural gas.
•   on november 1, 2015, columbia of massachusetts implemented new rates under its previously approved base rate case settlement. the settlement supports columbia of massachusetts's continued effort to modernize its pipeline infrastructure and transform its operations to continue to serve customers safely and reliably. the approved settlement provides for increased annual revenues of $32.8 million starting november 1, 2015, with an additional $3.6 million annual increase in revenues starting november 1, 2016.
•   on august 21, 2015, columbia of virginia received final vscc approval of its 2014 base rate case. the vscc reaffirmed the $25.2 million annual revenue increase. the case supports continued capital investments by columbia of virginia to improve its system and accommodate customer growth, as well as initiatives to enhance safety and reliability.
•   nipsco continued executing on its seven-year, approximately $817 million natural gas system modernization program. nipsco filed its semi-annual tracker and program update on august 31, 2015, and expects an order from the iurc in the first quarter of 2016.
22
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
electric operations
•   on december 16, 2015, the iurc approved a settlement between nipsco, the indiana office of utility consumer counselor and nipsco's largest industrial customers which resolved all outstanding issues raised by parties in an indiana court of appeals proceeding related to nipsco's previous long-term electric infrastructure modernization plan. the settlement agreement required nipsco to file an electric base rate case and a new seven-year electric tdsic plan.
•   on december 31, 2015, nipsco filed a new $1.3 billion, seven-year electric infrastructure modernization plan with the iurc. the plan is focused on electric transmission and distribution investments made for safety, reliability, and system modernization. nipsco expects an order on its seven-year plan in the third quarter of 2016.
•   nipsco remains on schedule with its electric base rate case filed on october 1, 2015 with the iurc. the case seeks to update rates to reflect the current costs of generating and distributing power, plus ongoing investments which are delivering substantial benefits to customers, including programs that have reduced the duration of power outages by 40 percent. an iurc decision is expected in the third quarter of 2016.
•   progress also continued on two major electric transmission projects designed to enhance region-wide system flexibility and reliability. right-of-way acquisition, permitting and substation construction are under way for both projects. line and tower construction is expected to begin in 2016. these projects involve an investment of approximately $450 million for nipsco and are anticipated to be in service by the end of 2018.
•   nipsco's michigan city unit 12 fgd was placed in service on december 15, 2015. the approximately $255 million project, supported with cost recovery, improves air quality and helps ensure nipsco's generation fleet remains in compliance with current environmental regulations. the project also helps ensure that nipsco can continue offering low-cost, reliable and efficient generating capacity for its customers.
refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for a complete discussion of regulatory matters.
ethics and controls nisource is committed to providing accurate and complete financial reporting as well as high standards for ethical behavior by its employees. nisource's senior management takes an active role in the development of this form 10-k and the monitoring of the company's internal control structure and performance. in addition, nisource will continue its mandatory ethics training program for all employees.
for additional information refer to item 9a, "controls and procedures."
results of operations income from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2015, nisource reported income from continuing operations of $198.6 million, or $0.63 per basic share, compared to $256.2 million, or $0.81 per basic share in 2014. income from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2013 was $221.0 million, or $0.71 per basic share.
comparability of line item operating results is impacted by regulatory and tax trackers that allow for the recovery in rates of certain costs such as bad debt expense. therefore, increases in these tracked operating expenses are offset by increases in net revenues and have essentially no impact on income from continuing operations.
net revenues nisource analyzes its operating results using net revenues. net revenues are calculated as revenues less the associated cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization). nisource believes net revenues are a better measure to analyze profitability than gross operating revenues since the majority of the cost of sales are tracked costs that are passed through directly to the customer resulting in an equal and offsetting amount reflected in gross operating revenues.
23
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
total consolidated net revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015, were $3,008.1 million, a $108.6 million increase compared with 2014. net revenues increased primarily due to increased gas distribution operations' net revenues of $82.4 million and higher electric operations' net revenues of $22.3 million.
•   gas distribution operations' net revenues increased primarily due to an increase in regulatory and service programs of $88.7 million, including the impact of new rates at columbia of pennsylvania, columbia of massachusetts and columbia of virginia, as well as the implementation of new rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. additionally, there were higher net revenues due to increased rent billed to affiliates, offset in expense, of $8.4 million and higher regulatory and tax trackers, offset in expense, of $7.5 million. these increases in net revenues were partially offset by the effects of warmer weather of $30.6 million.
•   electric operations' net revenues increased primarily due to higher regulatory trackers, which are offset in expense, of $19.8 million, an increase in the return on the environmental capital investment recovery of $10.3 million due to an increased plant balance eligible for recovery and higher net revenues of $8.8 million as a result of two electric transmission projects. these increases were partially offset by lower industrial usage of $13.8 million.
total consolidated net revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2014 were $2,899.5 million, a $237.1 million increase compared with 2013. net revenues increased primarily due to increased gas distribution operations' net revenues of $197.1 million and increased electric operations' net revenues of $41.3 million.
•   gas distribution operations' net revenues increased primarily due to an increase of $93.4 million for regulatory and service programs, including the impacts of the rate settlement in 2013 at columbia of pennsylvania, the rate case at columbia of massachusetts, as well as the implementation of rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. additionally, 2014 included an increase in regulatory and tax trackers, which are offset in expense, of $49.2 million, the effects of colder weather of $18.4 million, and higher commercial, residential and industrial usage of $14.6 million.
•   electric operations' net revenues increased primarily due to higher industrial usage of $21.9 million and an increase in the return on the environmental capital investment recovery of $19.8 million due to an increased plant balance eligible for recovery.
operating expenses operating expenses were $2,208.2 million in 2015, an increase of $97.8 million from the comparable 2014 period. this increase was primarily due to higher operation and maintenance expenses of $58.8 million and increased depreciation and amortization of $37.5 million. the increase in operation and maintenance expenses was primarily due to increased regulatory trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $19.3 million, higher employee and administrative expenses of $14.5 million, increased environmental costs of $14.3 million and higher electric generation costs of $6.0 million. the increase in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to higher capital expenditures placed in service in 2015.
operating expenses were $2,110.4 million in 2014, an increase of $146.1 million from the comparable 2013 period. this increase was primarily due to higher operation and maintenance expenses of $112.9 million, increased depreciation and amortization of $16.5 million and higher other taxes of $14.8 million. the increase in operation and maintenance expenses was primarily due to increased regulatory trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $40.3 million, higher employee and administrative expenses of $34.2 million, increased outside services of $17.2 million, higher electric generation costs of $15.2 million as a result of maintenance related outages and increased uncollectibles of $6.3 million. the increase in depreciation and amortization is primarily due to higher capital expenditures related to projects placed in service in 2014. the increase in other taxes is primarily attributable to tax trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $9.2 million.
other income (deductions)
other income (deductions) in 2015 reduced income $460.0 million compared to a reduction of $366.1 million in 2014. the increase in deductions is primarily due to a loss on early extinguishment of long-term debt of $97.2 million. refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on long-term debt retired in may 2015.
other income (deductions) in 2014 reduced income $366.1 million compared to a reduction of $368.5 million in 2013.
24
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
income taxes the effective income tax rates were 41.6%, 39.4% and 32.9% in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the 2.2% increase in the overall effective tax rate in 2015 versus 2014 was primarily the result of a $17.8 million increase in federal income tax expense associated with write downs of charitable contribution carryovers, offset by a $10.5 million decrease in income tax expense related to state apportionment changes and permanent items as a result of remeasurement after the separation. the 6.5% increase in the overall effective tax rate in 2014 versus 2013 was primarily a result of a $13.5 million increase in tax expense related to state apportionment changes and permanent items as a result of the separation, a $7.1 million increase due to indiana state taxes, a $5.4 million increase in tax expense due to pennsylvania regulatory changes, and $4.1 million of additional state income tax expense related to corporate restructuring. refer to note 9, "income taxes," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information on these changes.
liquidity and capital resources a significant portion of nisource's operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations in cash flow. during the heating season, which is primarily from november through march, cash receipts from gas sales and transportation services typically exceed cash requirements. during the summer months, cash on hand, together with the seasonal increase in cash flows from the electric business during the summer cooling season and external short-term and long-term financing, is used to purchase gas to place in storage for heating season deliveries and perform necessary maintenance of facilities. nisource believes that through income generated from operating activities, amounts available under its short-term revolving credit facility, commercial paper program, accounts receivable securitization programs, long-term debt agreements and nisource's ability to access the capital markets, there is adequate capital available to fund its operating activities and capital expenditures in 2016.
operating activities net cash from operating activities from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $1,163.4 million, an increase of $402.2 million from 2014. the increase in net cash from operating activities from continuing operations was primarily due to the change in regulatory assets/liabilities, as well as the change in inventories and overrecovered gas and fuel costs working capital accounts as a result of lower gas prices and warmer weather in 2015 compared to 2014.
net cash from operating activities from continuing operations for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $761.2 million, a decrease of $206.6 million from the prior year. the decrease in net cash from operating activities from continuing operations was primarily attributable to an income tax refund received in 2013.
pension and other postretirement plan funding. in 2015, nisource contributed $2.7 million to its pension plans and $25.8 million to its postretirement medical and life plans. in 2016, nisource expects to make contributions of approximately $3.0 million to its pension plans and approximately $22.2 million to its postretirement medical and life plans. at december 31, 2015, nisource's pension and other postretirement benefit plans were underfunded by $459.6 million and $299.9 million, respectively.
investing activities the tables below reflect actual capital expenditures and certain other investing activities by segment for 2015, 2014 and 2013, and estimates for 2016.
(in millions)                          2016e              2015              2014              2013
gas distribution operations           $966.9            $917.0            $860.3            $790.8
electric operations                    418.6             400.3             438.8             426.3
corporate and other operations           6.1              50.2              40.5              31.4
total(1)                            $1,391.6          $1,367.5          $1,339.6          $1,248.5
(1) amounts differ from those presented on the statements of consolidated cash flows primarily due to the inclusion of capital expenditures included in current liabilities and afudc equity.
for 2016, the projected capital program and certain other investing activities are expected to be $1,391.6 million, which is $24.1 million higher than the 2015 capital program. this increased spending is mainly due to identified gas distribution operations segment growth and betterment projects in 2016.
25
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
for 2015, the capital expenditures and certain other investing activities were $1,367.5 million, which is $27.9 million higher than the 2014 capital program. this increased spending is mainly due to increased tdsic spend in the gas distribution operations segment, partially offset by lower tracker program spend at the electric operations segment.
for 2014, capital expenditures and certain other investing activities were $1,339.6 million, an increase of $91.1 million compared to 2013. this increased spending is mainly due to continued spending on infrastructure replacement programs in the gas distribution operations segment.
restricted cash was $29.7 million and $24.9 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in restricted cash was primarily a result of higher margin requirements due to open derivative contracts.
financing activities long-term debt. refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on long-term debt.
credit facilities. nisource finance currently maintains a $1.5 billion revolving credit facility with a syndicate of banks led by barclays capital with a termination date of july 1, 2020. the purpose of the facility is to fund ongoing working capital requirements including the provision of liquidity support for nisource finance's $1.5 billion commercial paper program, provide for issuance of letters of credit and also for general corporate purposes.
nisource finance's commercial paper program has a program limit of up to $1.5 billion with a dealer group comprised of barclays, citigroup, credit suisse and wells fargo.
nisource finance had no borrowings outstanding under its revolving credit facility at december 31, 2015 and $500.0 million at december 31, 2014 at a weighted average interest rate of 1.44%. in addition, nisource finance had $321.4 million in commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2015, at a weighted average interest rate of 1.00% and $792.6 million in commercial paper outstanding at december 31, 2014, at a weighted average interest rate of 0.82%.
as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, nisource had $246.0 million and $284.3 million, respectively, of short-term borrowings recorded on the consolidated balance sheets relating to its accounts receivable securitization facilities. see note 17, "transfers of financial assets" in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
as of december 31, 2015, nisource had $14.7 million of stand-by letters of credit outstanding all of which were under the revolving credit facility. at december 31, 2014, nisource had $30.9 million of stand-by letters of credit outstanding of which $14.7 million were under the revolving credit facility.
as of december 31, 2015, an aggregate of $1,163.9 million of credit was available under the credit facility and accounts receivable securitization programs.
debt covenants. nisource is subject to a financial covenant under its revolving credit facility, which requires nisource to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 70%. a similar covenant in a 2005 private placement note purchase agreement requires nisource to maintain a debt to capitalization ratio that does not exceed 75%. as of december 31, 2015, the ratio was 64%.
refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on debt covenants.
sale of trade accounts receivables. refer to note 17, "transfers of financial assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on the sale of trade accounts receivable.
all accounts receivable sold to the purchasers are valued at face value, which approximates fair value due to their short-term nature. the amount of the undivided percentage ownership interest in the accounts receivables sold is determined, in part, by required loss reserves under the agreements.
credit ratings. the credit rating agencies periodically review the company's ratings, taking into account factors such as our capital structure and earnings profile. in 2015, moody's affirmed the nisource senior unsecured rating of baa2 and its commercial paper rating of p-2, with stable outlooks. moody's also affirmed nipsco's baa1 rating and columbia gas of massachusetts's baa2 rating, with stable outlooks. in 2015, standard & poor's raised the senior unsecured ratings of nisource and its subsidiaries to bbb+ and nisource's commercial paper rating to a-2, with stable outlooks. in 2015, fitch affirmed the nisource senior
26
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
unsecured rating of bbb-, commercial paper rating of f3 and the existing ratings of its other rated subsidiaries. fitch revised its outlook to positive.
the company is committed to maintaining investment grade credit ratings, however, there is no assurance we will be able to do so in the future. the company's credit ratings could be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, the circumstances warrant. any negative rating action could adversely affect our ability to access capital at rates and on terms that are attractive. a negative rating action could also adversely impact our business relationships with suppliers and operating partners.
certain nisource subsidiaries have agreements that contain "ratings triggers" that require increased collateral if the credit ratings of nisource or certain of its subsidiaries are below investment grade. these agreements are primarily for insurance purposes and for the physical purchase or sale of power. as of december 31, 2015 the collateral requirement that would be required in the event of a downgrade below the ratings trigger levels would amount to approximately $26.9 million. in addition to agreements with ratings triggers, there are other agreements that contain "adequate assurance" or "material adverse change" provisions that could necessitate additional credit support such as letters of credit and cash collateral to transact business.
contractual obligations. nisource has certain contractual obligations requiring payments at specified periods. the obligations include long-term debt, lease obligations, energy commodity contracts and service obligations for various services including pipeline capacity and ibm outsourcing. the total contractual obligations in existence at december 31, 2015 and their maturities were:
(in millions)                                   total                  2016                  2017                  2018                  2019                  2020                 after long-term debt (1)                       $6,227.0                $421.5                $349.9                $476.0                $541.0                $550.0              $3,888.6
capital leases (2)                          313.3                  23.5                  23.0                  23.3                  23.7                  23.5                 196.3
interest payments on long-term debt       4,947.1                 355.5                 329.2                 296.5                 263.1                 244.9               3,457.9
operating leases(3)                          62.1                  18.4                  11.1                   8.8                   7.0                   3.5                  13.3
energy commodity contracts                  455.2                 169.3                  74.8                  67.5                  70.6                  72.6                   0.4
service obligations:
pipeline service obligations              2,164.3                 512.7                 496.0                 341.0                 245.4                 139.3                 429.9
ibm service obligations                     410.1                  90.9                  82.8                  80.1                  78.6                  77.7                     -
other service obligations                   165.8                  72.0                  67.2                  19.7                   4.6                   2.3                     -
other liabilities                            25.2                  25.2                     -                     -                     -                     -                     -
total contractual obligations           $14,770.1              $1,689.0              $1,434.0              $1,312.9              $1,234.0              $1,113.8              $7,986.4
(1) long-term debt balance excludes unamortized discounts and expenses of $45.5 million and non-recourse debt of $2.1 million related to ndc douglas properties.
(2) capital lease payments shown above are inclusive of interest totaling $114.7 million.
(3)operating lease balances do not include amounts for fleet leases that can be renewed beyond the initial lease term. the company anticipates renewing the leases beyond the initial term, but the anticipated payments associated with the renewals do not meet the definition of expected minimum lease payments and therefore are not included above. expected payments are $30.5 million in 2016, $30.9 million in 2017, $26.7 million in 2018, $20.3 million in 2019, $12.5 million in 2020 and $7.5 million thereafter.
nisource calculated estimated interest payments for long-term debt as follows: for the fixed-rate debt, interest is calculated based on the stated coupon and payment dates; for variable-rate debt, interest rates used are those that are in place as of december 31, 2015. for 2016, nisource projects that it will be required to make interest payments of approximately $359.6 million, which includes $355.5 million of interest payments related to its long-term debt outstanding as of december 31, 2015. at december 31, 2015, nisource also had $567.4 million in short-term borrowings outstanding.
nisource's expected payments included within "other liabilities" in the table of contractual commitments above contains employer contributions to pension and other postretirement benefits plans expected to be made in 2016. plan contributions beyond 2016 are dependent upon a number of factors, including actual returns on plan assets, which cannot be reliably estimated at this time. in 2016, nisource expects to make contributions of approximately $3.0 million to its pension plans and approximately $22.2 million to its postretirement medical and life plans. refer to note 10, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for more information.
nisource cannot reasonably estimate the settlement amounts or timing of cash flows related to long-term obligations classified as "other liabilities and deferred credits" on the consolidated balance sheets, other than those described above.
27
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
nisource also has obligations associated with income, property, gross receipts, franchise, payroll, sales and use, and various other taxes and expects to make tax payments of approximately $287.5 million in 2016, which are not included in the table above.
refer to note 18, "other commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for further information on contractual obligations.
off-balance sheet arrangements as a part of normal business, nisource and certain subsidiaries enter into various agreements providing financial or performance assurance to third parties on behalf of certain subsidiaries. such agreements include guarantees and stand-by letters of credit.
refer to note 18, "other commitments and contingencies," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information about nisource's off balance sheet arrangements.
market risk disclosures risk is an inherent part of nisource's energy businesses. the extent to which nisource properly and effectively identifies, assesses, monitors and manages each of the various types of risk involved in its businesses is critical to its profitability. nisource seeks to identify, assess, monitor and manage, in accordance with defined policies and procedures, the following principal market risks that are involved in nisource's energy businesses: commodity price risk, interest rate risk and credit risk. risk management at nisource is a multi-faceted process with oversight by the risk management committee that requires constant communication, judgment and knowledge of specialized products and markets. nisource's senior management takes an active role in the risk management process and has developed policies and procedures that require specific administrative and business functions to assist in the identification, assessment and control of various risks. these include but are not limited to market, operational, financial, compliance and strategic risk types. in recognition of the increasingly varied and complex nature of the energy business, nisource's risk management process, policies and procedures continue to evolve and are subject to ongoing review and modification.
commodity price risk nisource is exposed to commodity price risk as a result of its subsidiaries' operations involving natural gas and power. to manage this market risk, nisource's subsidiaries use derivatives, including commodity futures contracts, swaps and options. nisource is not involved in speculative energy trading activity.
commodity price risk resulting from derivative activities at nisource's rate-regulated subsidiaries is limited, since regulations allow recovery of prudently incurred purchased power, fuel and gas costs through the ratemaking process, including gains or losses on these derivative instruments. if states should explore additional regulatory reform, these subsidiaries may begin providing services without the benefit of the traditional ratemaking process and may be more exposed to commodity price risk. some of nisource's rate-regulated utility subsidiaries offer commodity price risk products to its customers for which derivatives are used to hedge forecasted customer usage under such products. these subsidiaries do not have regulatory recovery orders for these products and are subject to gains and losses recognized in earnings due to hedge ineffectiveness.
nisource subsidiaries are required to make cash margin deposits with their brokers to cover actual and potential losses in the value of outstanding exchange traded derivative contracts. the amount of these deposits, which are reflected in nisource's restricted cash balance, may fluctuate significantly during periods of high volatility in the energy commodity markets.
there are no material commodity price risk assets or liabilities as of december 31, 2015 and 2014.
interest rate risk nisource is exposed to interest rate risk as a result of changes in interest rates on borrowings under its revolving credit agreement, commercial paper program and accounts receivable programs, which have interest rates that are indexed to short-term market interest rates. nisource manages interest rate risk by entering into forward starting interest-rate swaps that hedge the interest rate risk related to forecasted issuances of long-term-debt. based upon average borrowings and debt obligations subject to fluctuations in short-term market interest rates, an increase (or decrease) in short-term interest rates of 100 basis points (1%) would have increased (or decreased) interest expense by $8.2 million and $20.0 million for the years 2015 and 2014, respectively.
28
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
in december 2015, nisource finance entered into two forward starting interest-rate swaps, each hedging the interest rate risk on coupon payments arising from $500 million of forecasted issuances of long-term debt in each of 2017 and 2018. refer to note 14, "long-term debt," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for futher information on nisource's forward starting interest-rate swaps.
credit risk due to the nature of the industry, credit risk is embedded in many of nisource's business activities. nisource's extension of credit is governed by a corporate credit risk policy. in addition, risk management committee guidelines are in place which document management approval levels for credit limits, evaluation of creditworthiness, and credit risk mitigation efforts. exposures to credit risks are monitored by the risk management function which is independent of commercial operations. credit risk arises due to the possibility that a customer, supplier or counterparty will not be able or willing to fulfill its obligations on a transaction on or before the settlement date. for derivative related contracts, credit risk arises when counterparties are obligated to deliver or purchase defined commodity units of gas or power to nisource at a future date per execution of contractual terms and conditions. exposure to credit risk is measured in terms of both current obligations and the market value of forward positions net of any posted collateral such as cash and letters of credit.
nisource closely monitors the financial status of its banking credit providers. nisource evaluates the financial status of its banking partners through the use of market-based metrics such as credit default swap pricing levels, and also through traditional credit ratings provided by major credit rating agencies.
fair value measurement nisource measures certain financial assets and liabilities at fair value. the level of the fair value hierarchy disclosed is based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. nisource's financial assets and liabilities include price risk assets and liabilities, available-for-sale securities and a deferred compensation plan obligation.
exchange-traded derivative contracts are generally based on unadjusted quoted prices in active markets and are classified within level 1. these financial assets and liabilities are secured with cash on deposit with the exchange; therefore nonperformance risk has not been incorporated into these valuations. certain non-exchange-traded derivatives are valued using broker or over-the-counter, on-line exchanges. in such cases, these non-exchange-traded derivatives are classified within level 2. non-exchange-based derivative instruments include swaps, forwards, and options. in certain instances, nisource may utilize models to measure fair value. valuation models utilize various inputs that include quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in markets that are not active, other observable inputs for the asset or liability, and market-corroborated inputs, i.e., inputs derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data by correlation or other means. where observable inputs are available for substantially the full term of the asset or liability, the instrument is categorized in level 2. certain derivatives trade in less active markets with a lower availability of pricing information and models may be utilized in the valuation. when such inputs have a significant impact on the measurement of fair value, the instrument is categorized in level 3. credit risk is considered in the fair value calculation of derivative instruments that are not exchange-traded. credit exposures are adjusted to reflect collateral agreements which reduce exposures.
price risk management liabilities also include forward starting interest-rate swaps, which are designated as cash flow hedges. each period the swap instrument will be measured assuming a hypothetical settlement at that point in time. upon termination of the swap instruments, nisource will pay or receive a settlement based on the current market value. credit risk is considered in the fair value calculation of each interest-rate swap. as they are based on observable data and valuations of similar instruments, the interest-rate swaps are categorized in level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.
refer to note 16, "fair value," in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for additional information on nisource's fair value measurements.
other information critical accounting policies nisource applies certain accounting policies based on the accounting requirements discussed below that have had, and may continue to have, significant impacts on nisource's results of operations and consolidated financial statements.
basis of accounting for rate-regulated subsidiaries. asc topic 980, regulated operations, provides that rate-regulated subsidiaries account for and report assets and liabilities consistent with the economic effect of the way in which regulators establish
29
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
rates, if the rates established are designed to recover the costs of providing the regulated service and if the competitive environment makes it probable that such rates can be charged and collected. certain expenses and credits subject to utility regulation or rate determination normally reflected in income are deferred on the consolidated balance sheets and are recognized in income as the related amounts are included in service rates and recovered from or refunded to customers. the total amounts of regulatory assets and liabilities reflected on the consolidated balance sheets were $1,771.9 million and $1,433.7 million at december 31, 2015, and $1,731.9 million and $1,440.7 million at december 31, 2014, respectively. for additional information, refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
in the event that regulation significantly changes the opportunity for nisource to recover its costs in the future, all or a portion of nisource's regulated operations may no longer meet the criteria for the application of asc topic 980, regulated operations. in such event, a write-down of all or a portion of nisource's existing regulatory assets and liabilities could result. if transition cost recovery is approved by the appropriate regulatory bodies that would meet the requirements under gaap for continued accounting as regulatory assets and liabilities during such recovery period, the regulatory assets and liabilities would be reported at the recoverable amounts. if unable to continue to apply the provisions of asc topic 980, regulated operations, nisource would be required to apply the provisions of asc topic 980-20, discontinuation of rate-regulated accounting. in management's opinion, nisource's regulated subsidiaries will be subject to asc topic 980, regulated operations for the foreseeable future.
certain of the regulatory assets reflected on nisource's consolidated balance sheets require specific regulatory action in order to be included in future service rates. although recovery of these amounts is not guaranteed, nisource believes that these costs meet the requirements for deferral as regulatory assets. regulatory assets requiring specific regulatory action amounted to $262.7 million at december 31, 2015. if nisource determined that the amounts included as regulatory assets were not recoverable, a charge to income would immediately be required to the extent of the unrecoverable amounts.
pensions and postretirement benefits. nisource has defined benefit plans for both pensions and other postretirement benefits. the calculation of the net obligations and annual expense related to the plans requires a significant degree of judgment regarding the discount rates to be used in bringing the liabilities to present value, long-term returns on plan assets and employee longevity, among other assumptions. due to the size of the plans and the long-term nature of the associated liabilities, changes in the assumptions used in the actuarial estimates could have material impacts on the measurement of the net obligations and annual expense recognition. for further discussion of nisource's pensions and other postretirement benefits, see note 10, "pension and other postretirement benefits," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
goodwill. nisource's goodwill assets at december 31, 2015 were $1,690.7 million, most of which resulted from the acquisition of columbia on november 1, 2000. as required, nisource tests for impairment of goodwill on an annual basis and on an interim basis when events or circumstances indicate that a potential impairment may exist. nisource's annual goodwill test takes place in the second quarter of each year and was most recently finalized as of may 1, 2015.
nisource completed a quantitative ("step 1") fair value measurement of its reporting units during the may 1, 2012 goodwill test. that test indicated the fair value of each of the reporting units that carry or are allocated goodwill substantially exceeded their carrying values, indicating that no impairment existed under the step 1 annual impairment test. a qualitative ("step 0") test was performed as of may 1, 2015 and 2014. nisource assessed various assumptions, events and circumstances that would have affected the estimated fair value of the reporting units in its baseline may 1, 2012 test. the results of this assessment indicated that it is not more likely than not that its reporting unit fair values are less than the reporting unit carrying values and no impairments are necessary.
the separation prompted changes in the way nisource's chief operating decision maker manages the business where, going forward, financial accountability is largely at the individual state operating company level. this change in management approach triggered an assessment of nisource's goodwill reporting units. through this assessment, nisource concluded each of the six state operating companies within the former columbia distribution operations reporting unit are now operating segments. nisource further concluded these operating segments represent goodwill reporting units as they do not contain components whose discrete financial information is regularly reviewed by segment management.
goodwill previously allocated to the columbia distribution operations reporting unit was reallocated to the six new reporting units on a relative fair value basis. in accordance with gaap, and consistent with nisource's historical impairment testing of goodwill, fair value was determined based on a weighting of income and market approaches. the resulting fair values were substantially in excess of their respective reporting unit's carrying values. nisource's remaining reporting unit, nipsco gas
30
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations nisource inc.
operations, was not impacted by the changes in reporting structure as it was historically and continues to be reviewed by the chief operating decision maker at a state operating company level.
all of nisource's goodwill reporting units at december 31, 2015 remain within the gas distribution operations reportable segment.
refer to notes 1-j and 5, "goodwill and other intangible assets," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information.
revenue recognition. revenue is recorded as products and services are delivered. utility revenues are billed to customers monthly on a cycle basis. revenues are recorded on the accrual basis and include estimates for electricity and gas delivered but not billed. refer to note 1-l, "revenue recognition," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
recently issued accounting pronouncements refer to note 2, "recent accounting pronouncements," in the notes to consolidated financial statements.
environmental matters nisource is subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in the areas of air quality, water quality, control of toxic substances and hazardous and solid wastes, and other environmental matters. nisource believes that it is in substantial compliance with those environmental regulations currently applicable to nisource's business and operations. refer to note 18-c, "environmental matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding environmental matters.
bargaining unit contract as of december 31, 2015, nisource had 7,596 employees of whom 3,157 were subject to collective bargaining agreements. agreements were reached with the respective unions whose collective bargaining agreements were set to expire during 2015. six additional collective bargaining contracts, covering approximately 400 employees, are set to expire during 2016.
31
results and discussion of segment operations presentation of segment information nisource's operations are divided into two primary reportable segments: gas distribution operations and electric operations.
32
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations year ended december 31, (in millions)                                          2015                  2014                  2013
net revenues sales revenues                                                        $3,069.1               $3,593.9              $3,053.8
less: cost of gas sold (excluding depreciation and amortization)       1,155.5                1,762.7               1,419.7
net revenues                                                           1,913.6                1,831.2               1,634.1
operating expenses operation and maintenance                                                945.3                  900.3                 824.8
depreciation and amortization                                            232.6                  217.6                 201.4
loss (gain) on sale of assets and impairment, net                          0.8                   (0.2   )               1.2
other taxes                                                              179.1                  176.5                 161.3
total operating expenses                                               1,357.8                1,294.2               1,188.7
operating income                                                        $555.8                 $537.0                $445.4
revenues residential                                                           $2,055.2               $2,286.3              $1,901.0
commercial                                                               691.4                  800.6                 654.0
industrial                                                               217.6                  231.3                 194.3
off-system sales                                                          87.3                  199.4                 266.4
other                                                                     17.6                   76.3                  38.1
total                                                                 $3,069.1               $3,593.9              $3,053.8
sales and transportation (mmdth)
residential sales                                                        262.0                  295.2                 272.3
commercial sales                                                         171.5                  189.6                 172.9
industrial sales                                                         522.7                  512.9                 494.5
off-system sales                                                          32.7                   44.9                  70.4
other                                                                     (0.2    )              (0.1   )               0.4
total                                                                    988.7                1,042.5               1,010.5
heating degree days                                                      5,459                  6,176                 5,698
normal heating degree days                                               5,610                  5,610                 5,610
% colder (warmer) than normal                                               (3   )%                10   %                 2   %
customers residential                                                          3,113,324              3,098,052             3,079,575
commercial                                                             283,357                282,749               281,535
industrial                                                               7,578                  7,637                 7,663
other                                                                       13                     15                    22
total                                                                3,404,272              3,388,453             3,368,795
competition gas distribution operations competes with investor-owned, municipal, and cooperative electric utilities throughout its service areas as well as other regulated and unregulated natural gas intra and interstate pipelines and other alternate fuels, such as propane and fuel oil. gas distribution operations continues to be a strong competitor in the energy market as a result of strong customer preference for natural gas. competition with providers of electricity has traditionally been the strongest in the residential and commercial markets of kentucky, southern ohio, central pennsylvania and western virginia due to comparatively low electric rates. natural gas competes with fuel oil and propane in the massachusetts market mainly due to the installed base of fuel oil and propane-based heating which has comprised a declining percentage of the overall market over the last few years. however, fuel oil and propane are more viable in today's depressed oil market.
33
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
market conditions spot prices at the henry hub for the winter through december 2015 have primarily been in the $1.54 to $2.40 per dth range compared to the price range of $2.75 to $4.28 per dth experienced during the winter through december 2014.
entering the 2015 - 2016 winter season, national storage levels were 371 bcf above the prior year and 147 bcf above the five- year average inventory level (based on october 30, 2015 energy information administration storage report). during the summer of 2015, prices ranged between $2.08 and $3.07 per dth averaging below the range of $3.52 to $4.80 per dth experienced during the summer of 2014.
all nisource gas distribution operations companies have state-approved recovery mechanisms that provide a means for full recovery of prudently incurred gas costs. gas costs are treated as pass-through costs and have no impact on the net revenues recorded in the period. the gas costs included in revenues are matched with the gas cost expense recorded in the period and the difference is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets as under-recovered or over-recovered gas cost to be included in future customer billings.
the gas distribution operations companies have pursued non-traditional revenue sources within the evolving natural gas marketplace. these efforts include the sale of products and services upstream of the companies' service territory, the sale of products and services in the companies' service territories, and gas supply cost incentive mechanisms for service to their core markets. the upstream products are made up of transactions that occur between an individual gas distribution operations company and a buyer for the sales of unbundled or rebundled gas supply and capacity. the on-system services are offered by nisource to customers and include products such as the transportation and balancing of gas on the gas distribution operations company system. the incentive mechanisms give the gas distribution operations companies an opportunity to share in the savings created from such situations as gas purchase prices paid below an agreed upon benchmark and their ability to reduce pipeline capacity charges with their customers. certain gas distribution operations companies continue to offer choice opportunities, where customers can choose to purchase gas from a third-party supplier, through regulatory initiatives in their respective jurisdictions.
capital expenditures and other investing activities the table below reflects actual capital expenditures and other investing activities by category for 2015, 2014 and 2013, and estimates for 2016.
(in millions)                   2016e                2015                2014                2013
system growth              $168.3              $157.8              $175.9              $166.8
maintenance and other       798.6               759.2               684.4               624.0
total                      $966.9              $917.0              $860.3              $790.8
the gas distribution operations segment's capital expenditures and other investing activities were $917.0 million in 2015 and are projected to be $966.9 million in 2016. this increased spending of $49.9 million is mainly due to growth and betterment projects in 2016. capital expenditures for 2015 were higher than 2014 by approximately $56.7 million primarily due to increased tdsic spend.
the gas distribution operations segment's capital expenditures for 2014 were higher than 2013 by approximately $69.5 million primarily due to increased spending on infrastructure replacement projects.
regulatory matters refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on significant rate developments and cost recovery and trackers for the gas distribution operations segment.
customer usage. increased efficiency of natural gas appliances and improvements in home building codes and standards has contributed to a long-term trend of declining average use per customer. usage for the year ended december 31, 2015 decreased from the same period last year primarily due to warmer weather compared to the prior year. while historically, rate design at the distribution level has been structured such that a large portion of cost recovery is based upon throughput, rather than in a fixed charge, operating costs are largely incurred on a fixed basis, and do not fluctuate due to changes in customer usage. as a result, gas distribution operations have pursued changes in rate design to more effectively match recoveries with costs incurred. each of the states in which gas distribution operations operate has different requirements regarding the procedure for establishing
34
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
changes to rate design. columbia of ohio restructured its rate design through a base rate proceeding and has adopted a "de-coupled" rate design which more closely links the recovery of fixed costs with fixed charges. columbia of massachusetts received regulatory approval of a decoupling mechanism which adjusts revenues to an approved benchmark level through a volumetric adjustment factor. columbia of maryland and columbia of virginia have received regulatory approval to implement a revenue normalization adjustment for certain customer classes, a decoupling mechanism whereby monthly revenues that exceed or fall short of approved levels are reconciled in subsequent months. in a prior base rate proceeding, columbia of pennsylvania implemented a residential weather normalization adjustment. columbia of kentucky has had approval for a weather normalization adjustment for many years. in a prior base rate proceeding, nipsco implemented a higher fixed customer charge for residential and small customer classes moving toward full straight fixed variable rate design.
environmental matters currently, various environmental matters impact the gas distribution operations segment. as of december 31, 2015, liabilities have been recorded to cover probable environmental response actions. refer to note 18-c, "environmental matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding environmental matters for the gas distribution operations segment.
weather in general, nisource calculates the weather related revenue variance based on changing customer demand driven by weather variance from normal heating degree-days. nisource's composite heating degree days reported do not directly correlate to the weather related dollar impact on the results of gas distribution operations. heating degree days experienced during different times of the year or in different operating locations may have more or less impact on volume and dollars depending on when and where they occur. when the detailed results are combined for reporting, there may be weather related dollar impacts on operations when there is not an apparent or significant change in the aggregated nisource composite heating degree-day comparison.
weather in the gas distribution operations service territories for 2015 was about 3% warmer than normal and was about 12% warmer than 2014, decreasing net revenues approximately $30 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 2014.
weather in the gas distribution operations service territories for 2014 was about 10% colder than normal and was about 8% colder than 2013, increasing net revenues approximately $18 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 2013.
throughput total volumes sold and transported for the year ended december 31, 2015 were 988.7 mmdth, compared to 1,042.5 mmdth for 2014. this decrease is primarily attributable to warmer weather and lower off-system sales opportunities experienced in 2015 compared to 2014.
total volumes sold and transported for the year ended december 31, 2014 were 1,042.5 mmdth, compared to 1,010.5 mmdth for 2013. this increase is primarily attributable to colder weather experienced in 2014 compared to 2013.
net revenues net revenues for 2015 were $1,913.6 million, an increase of $82.4 million from the same period in 2014. the increase in net revenues is due primarily to an increase in regulatory and service programs of $88.7 million, including the impact of new rates at columbia of pennsylvania, columbia of massachusetts and columbia of virginia, as well as the implementation of new rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. additionally, there were higher net revenues due to increased rent billed to affiliates, offset in expense, of $8.4 million and higher regulatory and tax trackers, offset in expense, of $7.5 million. these increases in net revenues were partially offset by the effects of warmer weather of $30.6 million.
net revenues for 2014 were $1,831.2 million, an increase of $197.1 million from the same period in 2013. the increase in net revenues is due primarily to an increase of $93.4 million for regulatory and service programs, including the impacts of the rate settlement in 2013 at columbia of pennsylvania, the rate case at columbia of massachusetts, as well as the implementation of rates under columbia of ohio's approved infrastructure replacement program. additionally, 2014 included an increase in regulatory and tax trackers, which are offset in expense, of $49.2 million, the effects of colder weather of $18.4 million, and higher commercial, residential and industrial usage of $14.6 million.
at nipsco, sales revenues and customer billings are adjusted for amounts related to under and over-recovered purchased gas costs from prior periods per regulatory order. these amounts are primarily reflected in the "other" gross revenues statistic provided
35
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
gas distribution operations (continued)
at the beginning of this segment discussion. the adjustments to other gross revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were a revenue decrease of $68.0 million and a revenue increase of $34.2 million, respectively.
operating income for 2015, gas distribution operations reported operating income of $555.8 million, an increase of $18.8 million from the comparable 2014 period. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, partially offset by increased operating expenses. operating expenses were $63.6 million higher than the comparable period reflecting increased employee and administrative expenses of $16.3 million, and higher depreciation and property taxes of $15.0 million and $9.1 million, respectively, due to increased capital expenditures. additionally, 2015 included increased outside service costs of $7.7 million and higher regulatory and tax trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $7.5 million.
for 2014, gas distribution operations reported operating income of $537.0 million, an increase of $91.6 million from the comparable 2013 period. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, partially offset by increased operating expenses. operating expenses were $105.5 million higher than the comparable period reflecting increased regulatory and tax trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $49.2 million, higher employee and administrative expenses of $21.9 million primarily due to a growing workforce and increased information technology support and enhancements projects. additionally, 2014 included increased depreciation of $16.2 million due to increased capital expenditures, increased outside service costs of $13.7 largely due to columbia of pennsylvania's pipeline safety initiatives, higher other taxes of $6.0 million and increased uncollectibles of $5.1 million. these increases were partially offset by a decrease in environmental costs of $6.7 million.
36
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations year ended december 31, (in millions)                                       2015                   2014                   2013
net revenues sales revenues                                                     $1,574.4               $1,673.4               $1,564.9
less: cost of sales (excluding depreciation and amortization)         488.4                  609.7                  542.5
net revenues                                                        1,086.0                1,063.7                1,022.4
operating expenses operation and maintenance                                             490.1                  474.9                  448.6
depreciation and amortization                                         267.7                  244.4                  244.4
gain on sale of assets, net                                               -                   (0.1    )                 -
other taxes                                                            63.8                   61.8                   63.9
total operating expenses                                              821.6                  781.0                  756.9
operating income                                                     $264.4                 $282.7                 $265.5
revenues residential                                                          $427.1                 $438.2                 $426.6
commercial                                                            445.4                  449.4                  431.5
industrial                                                            646.3                  723.6                  632.7
wholesale                                                              16.4                   32.2                   21.0
other                                                                  39.2                   30.0                   53.1
total                                                              $1,574.4               $1,673.4               $1,564.9
sales (gigawatt hours)
residential                                                         3,309.9                3,384.2                3,444.7
commercial                                                          3,866.8                3,864.2                3,881.9
industrial                                                          9,249.1               10,114.2                9,339.7
wholesale                                                             194.8                  675.5                  669.7
other                                                                 137.7                  148.2                  132.0
total                                                              16,758.3               18,186.3               17,468.0
cooling degree days                                                     762                    663                    798
normal cooling degree days                                              806                    806                    806
% warmer (colder) than normal                                            (5   )%               (18   )%                (1   )%
electric customers residential                                                         404,889                403,272                402,638
commercial                                                           55,053                 54,635                 54,452
industrial                                                            2,343                  2,352                  2,374
wholesale                                                               743                    751                    725
other                                                                     6                      5                      5
total                                                               463,034                461,015                460,194
electric supply on october 31, 2014, nipsco submitted its 2014 integrated resource plan with the iurc. the plan evaluates demand-side and supply-side resource alternatives to reliably and cost-effectively meet nipsco customers' future energy requirements over the next 20 years. existing resources are expected to be sufficient, assuming favorable outcomes for environmental upgrades, to meet customers' needs into the next decade. nipsco continues to monitor and assess economic, regulatory and legislative activity, and will update its resource plan as appropriate.
37
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
market conditions nipsco's mwh sales to steel-related industries accounted for approximately 54.2% and 61.3% of the total industrial mwh sales for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
nipsco's industrial sales volumes and revenues decreased in 2015 as compared to 2014 as industrial activity showed a moderate decline year-over-year. this was primarily due to steel-related mwh volumes and demands that decreased in 2015. steel mill capacity utilization rates have declined as a result of an unprecedented increase of steel imports into the united states market.
capital expenditures and other investing activities the table below reflects actual capital expenditures by category for 2015, 2014 and 2013, and estimates for 2016.
(in millions)                   2016e            2015            2014            2013
system growth                   $28.2           $32.4           $29.3           $42.5
maintenance and other   390.4                   367.9           409.5           383.8
total                          $418.6          $400.3          $438.8          $426.3
the electric operations segment's capital expenditures and other investing activities were $400.3 million in 2015 and are projected to be $418.6 million in 2016. capital expenditures for 2015 were lower than 2014 by approximately $38.5 million primarily due to higher tracker program spend in 2014.
the electric operations segment's capital expenditures for 2014 were higher than 2013 by approximately $12.5 million due to increased tdsic spend as well as continued spending on the environmental tracker capital projects in the generation fleet.
regulatory matters refer to note 7, "regulatory matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for information on significant rate developments, miso, and cost recovery and trackers for the electric operations segment.
environmental matters currently, various environmental matters impact the electric operations segment. as of december 31, 2015, liabilities have been recorded to cover probable environmental response actions. refer to note 18-c, "environmental matters," in the notes to consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding environmental matters for the electric operations segment.
transmission upgrade agreements on february 11, 2014, nipsco entered into tuas with upgrade sponsors to complete upgrades on nipsco's transmission system on behalf of those sponsors. the upgrade sponsors agreed to reimburse nipsco for the total cost to construct transmission upgrades and place them into service, multiplied by a rate of 1.71 ("the multiplier").
on june 10, 2014, certain upgrade sponsors for both tuas, filed a complaint at the ferc against nipsco regarding the multiplier stated in the tuas. on june 30, 2014, nipsco filed an answer defending the terms of the tuas and the just and reasonable nature of the multiplier charged therein and moved for dismissal of the complaint. on december 8, 2014, the ferc issued an order in response to the complaint finding that it is appropriate for nipsco to recover, through the multiplier, substantiated costs of ownership related to the tuas. the ferc set for hearing the issue of what constitutes the incremental costs nipsco will incur, but is holding that hearing in abeyance to allow for settlement. nipsco will continue to monitor developments in this matter and does not believe the impact is material to the consolidated financial statements.
sales electric operations sales were 16,758.3 gwh for the year ended 2015, a decrease of 1,428.0 gwh compared to 2014. the 7.9% decrease is primarily attributable to a decrease in industrial usage, which was caused by a reduction in steel production due to the high levels of imports that have impacted the domestic steel market since the start of 2015.
electric operations sales were 18,186.3 gwh for the year ended 2014, an increase of 718.3 gwh compared to 2013. the 4.1% increase is primarily attributable to an increase in industrial usage due to large industrial customers expanding plant operations and using less internal generation.
38
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (continued)
nisource inc.
electric operations (continued)
net revenues net revenues were $1,086.0 million for 2015, an increase of $22.3 million from the same period in 2014. the increase in net revenues is due primarily to higher regulatory trackers, which are offset in expense, of $19.8 million, an increase in the return on the environmental capital investment recovery of $10.3 million due to an increased plant balance eligible for recovery and higher net revenues of $8.8 million as a result of two electric transmission projects. these increases were partially offset by lower industrial usage of $13.8 million.
net revenues were $1,063.7 million for 2014, an increase of $41.3 million from the same period in 2013. the increase in net revenues is due primarily to higher industrial usage of $21.9 million and an increase in the return on the environmental capital investment recovery of $19.8 million due to an increased plant balance eligible for recovery.
at nipsco, sales revenues and customer billings are adjusted for amounts related to under and over-recovered purchased fuel costs from prior periods per regulatory order. these amounts are primarily reflected in the "other" gross revenues statistic provided at the beginning of this segment discussion. the adjustment to other gross revenues for the twelve months ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 were revenue decreases of $11.6 million and $25.5 million, respectively.
operating income for 2015, electric operations reported operating income of $264.4 million, a decrease of $18.3 million from the comparable 2014 period. operating income decreased as a result of increased operating expenses, partially offset by higher net revenues, as described above. operating expenses increased $40.6 million due primarily to higher regulatory trackers, which are offset in net revenues, of $19.8 million and increased depreciation of $10.6 million along with higher environmental costs of $10.4 million.
for 2014, electric operations reported operating income of $282.7 million, an increase of $17.2 million from the comparable 2013 period. operating income increased as a result of higher net revenues, as described above, partially offset by increased operating expenses. operating expenses increased $24.1 million due primarily to higher electric generation costs of $15.2 million as a result of maintenance related outages, and increased employee and administrative expenses of $9.7 million.
39
