item 1a - risk factors related to nrg energy, inc.
risks related to the operation of nrg's business nrg's financial performance may be impacted by price fluctuations in the wholesale power and natural gas, coal and oil markets and other market factors that are beyond the company's control.
market prices for power, generation capacity, ancillary services, natural gas, coal and oil are unpredictable and tend to fluctuate substantially. unlike most other commodities, electric power can only be stored on a very limited basis and generally must be produced concurrently with its use. as a result, power prices are subject to significant volatility due to supply and demand imbalances, especially in the day-ahead and spot markets. long- and short-term power prices may also fluctuate substantially due to other factors outside of the company's control, including:
•   changes in generation capacity in the company's markets, including the addition of new supplies of power from existing competitors or new market entrants as a result of the development of new generation plants, expansion of existing plants or additional transmission capacity;
•   environmental regulations and legislation;
•   electric supply disruptions, including plant outages and transmission disruptions;
•   changes in power transmission infrastructure;
•   fuel transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies;
•   weather conditions, including extreme weather conditions and seasonal fluctuations, including the affects of climate change;
•   changes in commodity prices and the supply of commodities, including but not limited to natural gas, coal and oil;
•   changes in the demand for power or in patterns of power usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools and practices, distributed generation, and more efficient end-use technologies;
•   development of new fuels and new technologies for the production of power;
•   fuel price volatility;
•   economic and political conditions;
•   regulations and actions of the isos and rtos;
•   federal and state power regulations and legislation;
•   changes in law, including judicial decisions;
•   changes in prices related to recs; and
•   changes in capacity prices and capacity markets.
such factors and the associated fluctuations in power prices have affected the company's wholesale power operating results in the past and will continue to do so in the future.
many of nrg's power generation facilities operate, wholly or partially, without long-term power sale agreements.
many of nrg's facilities operate as "merchant" facilities without long-term power sales agreements for some or all of their generating capacity and output and therefore are exposed to market fluctuations. without the benefit of long-term power sales agreements for these assets, nrg cannot be sure that it will be able to sell any or all of the power generated by these facilities at commercially attractive rates or that these facilities will be able to operate profitably. this could lead to future impairments of the company's property, plant and equipment or to the closing of certain of its facilities, resulting in economic losses and liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
nrg's costs, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely impacted by disruption of its fuel supplies.
nrg relies on natural gas, coal and oil to fuel a majority of its power generation facilities. delivery of these fuels to the facilities is dependent upon the continuing financial viability of contractual counterparties as well as upon the infrastructure (including rail lines, rail cars, barge facilities, roadways, riverways and natural gas pipelines) available to serve each generation facility. as a result, the company is subject to the risks of disruptions or curtailments in the production of power at its generation facilities if no fuel is available at any price or if a counterparty fails to perform or if there is a disruption in the fuel delivery infrastructure.
35
nrg has sold forward a substantial portion of its coal and nuclear power in order to lock in long-term prices that it deemed to be favorable at the time it entered into the forward power sales contracts. in order to hedge its obligations under these forward power sales contracts, the company has entered into long-term and short-term contracts for the purchase and delivery of fuel. many of the forward power sales contracts do not allow the company to pass through changes in fuel costs or discharge the power sale obligations in the case of a disruption in fuel supply due to force majeure events or the default of a fuel supplier or transporter. disruptions in the company's fuel supplies may therefore require it to find alternative fuel sources at higher costs, to find other sources of power to deliver to counterparties at a higher cost, or to pay damages to counterparties for failure to deliver power as contracted. any such event could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance.
nrg also buys significant quantities of fuel on a short-term or spot market basis. prices for all of the company's fuels fluctuate, sometimes rising or falling significantly over a relatively short period of time. the price nrg can obtain for the sale of energy may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel or delivery costs. this may have a material adverse effect on the company's financial performance. changes in market prices for natural gas, coal and oil may result from the following:
•   weather conditions;
•   seasonality;
•   demand for energy commodities and general economic conditions;
•   disruption or other constraints or inefficiencies of electricity, gas or coal transmission or transportation;
•   additional generating capacity;
•   availability and levels of storage and inventory for fuel stocks;
•   natural gas, crude oil, refined products and coal production levels;
•   changes in market liquidity;
•   federal, state and foreign governmental regulation and legislation; and
•   the creditworthiness and liquidity and willingness of fuel suppliers/transporters to do business with the company.
nrg's plant operating characteristics and equipment, particularly at its coal-fired plants, often dictate the specific fuel quality to be combusted. the availability and price of specific fuel qualities may vary due to supplier financial or operational disruptions, transportation disruptions and force majeure. at times, coal of specific quality may not be available at any price, or the company may not be able to transport such coal to its facilities on a timely basis. in this case, the company may not be able to run the coal facility even if it would be profitable. operating a coal facility with different quality coal can lead to emission or operating problems. if the company had sold forward the power from such a coal facility, it could be required to supply or purchase power from alternate sources, perhaps at a loss. this could have a material adverse impact on the financial results of specific plants and on the company's results of operations.
unforeseen changes in the price of coal and natural gas could cause the company to hold excess coal inventories and incur contract termination costs.
low natural gas prices can cause natural gas to be the more cost-competitive fuel compared to coal for generating electricity. because the company enters into guaranteed supply contracts to provide for the amount of coal needed to operate its base load coal-fired generating facilities, the company may experience periods where it holds excess amounts of coal if fuel pricing results in the company reducing or idling coal-fired generating facilities. in addition, the company may incur costs to terminate supply contracts for coal in excess of its generating requirements.
36
volatile power supply costs and demand for power could adversely affect the financial performance of nrg's retail businesses.
although nrg is the primary provider of its retail businesses' wholesale electricity supply requirements, the retail businesses purchase a significant portion of their supply requirements from third parties. as a result, financial performance depends on the ability to obtain adequate supplies of electric generation from third parties at prices below the prices it charges its customers. consequently, the company's earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected in any period in which the retail businesses' wholesale electricity supply costs rise at a greater rate than the rates it charges to customers. the price of wholesale electricity supply purchases associated with the retail businesses' energy commitments can be different than that reflected in the rates charged to customers due to, among other factors:
•   varying supply procurement contracts used and the timing of entering into related contracts;
•   subsequent changes in the overall price of natural gas;
•   daily, monthly or seasonal fluctuations in the price of natural gas relative to the 12-month forward prices;
•   transmission constraints and the company's ability to move power to its customers; and
•   changes in market heat rate (i.e., the relationship between power and natural gas prices).
the retail businesses' earnings and cash flows could also be adversely affected in any period in which its customers' actual usage of electricity significantly varies from the forecasted usage, which could occur due to, among other factors, weather events, competition and economic conditions.
there may be periods when nrg will not be able to meet its commitments under forward sale obligations at a reasonable cost or at all.
a substantial portion of the output from nrg's coal and nuclear facilities has been sold forward under fixed price power sales contracts through 2016 and the company also sells forward the output from its intermediate and peaking facilities when it deems it commercially advantageous to do so. the company also sells fixed price gas as a proxy for power. because the obligations under most of these agreements are not contingent on a unit being available to generate power, nrg is generally required to deliver power to the buyer, even in the event of a plant outage, fuel supply disruption or a reduction in the available capacity of the unit. to the extent that the company does not have sufficient lower cost capacity to meet its commitments under its forward sale obligations, the company would be required to supply replacement power either by running its other, higher cost power plants or by obtaining power from third-party sources at market prices that could substantially exceed the contract price. if nrg fails to deliver the contracted power, it would be required to pay the difference between the market price at the delivery point and the contract price, and the amount of such payments could be substantial.
in the gulf coast region, nrg has long-term contracts with rural cooperatives that require it to serve all of the cooperatives' requirements at prices for energy that generally reflect the cost of coal-fired generation.  on december 19, 2013, the entergy region joined the miso rto, which employs a two settlement market in which nrg submits bids for energy to cover its load obligations and submits offers to sell energy from its resources.  given the "full requirements" obligation contained in the cooperative contracts, and the possibility of unplanned forced outages of its generation, nrg may be exposed to locational market prices as a net buyer of energy for certain periods, which could have a negative impact on nrg's financial returns from its gulf coast region.
nrg's trading operations and use of hedging agreements could result in financial losses that negatively impact its results of operations.
the company typically enters into hedging agreements, including contracts to purchase or sell commodities at future dates and at fixed prices, in order to manage the commodity price risks inherent in its power generation operations. these activities, although intended to mitigate price volatility, expose the company to other risks. when the company sells power forward, it gives up the opportunity to sell power at higher prices in the future, which not only may result in lost opportunity costs but also may require the company to post significant amounts of cash collateral or other credit support to its counterparties. the company also relies on counterparty performance under its hedging agreements and is exposed to the credit quality of its counterparties under those agreements. further, if the values of the financial contracts change in a manner that the company does not anticipate, or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract, it could harm the company's business, operating results or financial position.
nrg does not typically hedge the entire exposure of its operations against commodity price volatility. to the extent it does not hedge against commodity price volatility, the company's results of operations and financial position may be improved or diminished based upon movement in commodity prices.
37
nrg may engage in trading activities, including the trading of power, fuel and emissions allowances that are not directly related to the operation of the company's generation facilities or the management of related risks. these trading activities take place in volatile markets and some of these trades could be characterized as speculative. the company would expect to settle these trades financially rather than through the production of power or the delivery of fuel. this trading activity may expose the company to the risk of significant financial losses which could have a material adverse effect on its business and financial condition.
nrg may not have sufficient liquidity to hedge market risks effectively.
the company is exposed to market risks through its power marketing business, which involves the sale of energy, capacity and related products and the purchase and sale of fuel, transmission services and emission allowances. these market risks include, among other risks, volatility arising from location and timing differences that may be associated with buying and transporting fuel, converting fuel into energy and delivering energy to a buyer.
nrg undertakes these marketing activities through agreements with various counterparties. many of the company's agreements with counterparties include provisions that require the company to provide guarantees, offset of netting arrangements, letters of credit, a first lien on assets and/or cash collateral to protect the counterparties against the risk of the company's default or insolvency. the amount of such credit support that must be provided typically is based on the difference between the price of the commodity in a given contract and the market price of the commodity. significant movements in market prices can result in the company being required to provide cash collateral and letters of credit in very large amounts. the effectiveness of the company's strategy may be dependent on the amount of collateral available to enter into or maintain these contracts, and liquidity requirements may be greater than the company anticipates or will be able to meet. without a sufficient amount of working capital to post as collateral in support of performance guarantees or as a cash margin, the company may not be able to manage price volatility effectively or to implement its strategy. an increase in the amount of letters of credit or cash collateral required to be provided to the company's counterparties may negatively affect the company's liquidity and financial condition.
further, if any of nrg's facilities experience unplanned outages, the company may be required to procure replacement power at spot market prices in order to fulfill contractual commitments. without adequate liquidity to meet margin and collateral requirements, the company may be exposed to significant losses, may miss significant opportunities, and may have increased exposure to the volatility of spot markets.
the accounting for nrg's hedging activities may increase the volatility in the company's quarterly and annual financial results.
nrg engages in commodity-related marketing and price-risk management activities in order to financially hedge its exposure to market risk with respect to electricity sales from its generation assets, fuel utilized by those assets and emission allowances.
nrg generally attempts to balance its fixed-price physical and financial purchases and sales commitments in terms of contract volumes and the timing of performance and delivery obligations through the use of financial and physical derivative contracts. these derivatives are accounted for in accordance with the fasb, asc 815, derivatives and hedging, or asc 815, which requires the company to record all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value with changes in the fair value resulting from fluctuations in the underlying commodity prices immediately recognized in earnings, unless the derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. whether a derivative qualifies for cash flow hedge accounting treatment depends upon it meeting specific criteria used to determine if the cash flow hedge is and will remain appropriate for the term of the derivative. all economic hedges may not necessarily qualify for cash flow hedge accounting treatment. as a result, the company's quarterly and annual results are subject to significant fluctuations caused by changes in market prices.
competition in wholesale power markets may have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and the market value of its assets.
nrg has numerous competitors in all aspects of its business, and additional competitors may enter the industry. because many of the company's facilities are old, newer plants owned by the company's competitors are often more efficient than nrg's aging plants, which may put some of the company's plants at a competitive disadvantage to the extent the company's competitors are able to consume the same or less fuel as the company's plants consume. over time, the company's plants may be squeezed out of their markets or may be unable to compete with these more efficient plants.
in nrg's power marketing and commercial operations, nrg competes on the basis of its relative skills, financial position and access to capital with other providers of electric energy in the procurement of fuel and transportation services, and the sale of capacity, energy and related products. in order to compete successfully, the company seeks to aggregate fuel supplies at competitive prices from different sources and locations and to efficiently utilize transportation services from third-party pipelines, railways and other fuel transporters and transmission services from electric utilities.
38
other companies with which nrg competes may have greater liquidity, greater access to credit and other financial resources, lower cost structures, more effective risk management policies and procedures, greater ability to incur losses, longer-standing relationships with customers, greater potential for profitability from ancillary services or greater flexibility in the timing of their sale of generation capacity and ancillary services than nrg does.
nrg's competitors may be able to respond more quickly to new laws or regulations or emerging technologies, or to devote greater resources to the construction, expansion or refurbishment of their power generation facilities than nrg can. in addition, current and potential competitors may make strategic acquisitions or establish cooperative relationships among themselves or with third parties. accordingly, it is possible that new competitors or alliances among current and new competitors may emerge and rapidly gain significant market share. there can be no assurance that nrg will be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and any failure to do so would have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow.
operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks and hazards customary to the power industry that could have a material adverse effect on nrg's revenues and results of operations, and nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover these risks and hazards.
the ongoing operation of nrg's facilities involves risks that include the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, performance below expected levels of output or efficiency and the inability to transport the company's product to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. unplanned outages of generating units, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the company's business. unplanned outages typically increase the company's operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce the company's revenues as a result of selling fewer mwh or non-performance penalties or require nrg to incur significant costs as a result of running one of its higher cost units or obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market to satisfy the company's forward power sales obligations. nrg's inability to operate the company's plants efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs, and generate earnings and cash flow from the company's asset-based businesses could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. while nrg maintains insurance, obtains warranties from vendors and obligates contractors to meet certain performance levels, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties or performance guarantees may not be adequate to cover the company's lost revenues, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments should the company experience equipment breakdown or non-performance by contractors or vendors.
power generation involves hazardous activities, including acquiring, transporting and unloading fuel, operating large pieces of rotating equipment and delivering electricity to transmission and distribution systems. in addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, lightning, hurricane and wind, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure are inherent risks in the company's operations. these and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment, contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. the occurrence of any one of these events may result in nrg being named as a defendant in lawsuits asserting claims for substantial damages, including for environmental cleanup costs, personal injury and property damage and fines and/or penalties. nrg maintains an amount of insurance protection that it considers adequate, but the company cannot provide any assurance that its insurance will be sufficient or effective under all circumstances and against all hazards or liabilities to which it may be subject. a successful claim for which the company is not fully insured could hurt its financial results and materially harm nrg's financial condition. nrg cannot provide any assurance that its insurance coverage will continue to be available at all or at rates or on terms similar to those presently available. any losses not covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
maintenance, expansion and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve significant risks that could result in unplanned power outages or reduced output and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
many of nrg's facilities are old and require periodic upgrading, improvement, maintenance and repair. any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced profitability.
nrg cannot be certain of the level of capital expenditures that will be required due to changing environmental and safety laws (including changes in the interpretation or enforcement thereof), needed facility repairs and unexpected events (such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks). the unexpected requirement of large capital expenditures could have a material adverse effect on the company's liquidity and financial condition.
if nrg significantly modifies a unit, the company may be required to install the best available control technology or to achieve the lowest achievable emission rates as such terms are defined under the new source review provisions of the caa, which would likely result in substantial additional capital expenditures.
39
the company may incur additional costs or delays in the development, construction and operation of new plants, improvements to existing plants, or the implementation of environmental control equipment at existing plants and may not be able to recover their investment or complete the project.
the company is developing or constructing new generation facilities, improving its existing facilities and adding environmental controls to its existing facilities. the development, construction, expansion, modification and refurbishment of power generation facilities involve many risks, including:
•   inability to obtain sufficient funding on reasonable terms and/or necessary government financial incentives;
•   delays in obtaining necessary permits and licenses;
•   inability to sell down interests in a project or develop successful partnering relationships;
•   environmental remediation of soil or groundwater at contaminated sites;
•   interruptions to dispatch at the company's facilities;
•   supply interruptions;
•   work stoppages;
•   labor disputes;
•   weather interferences;
•   unforeseen engineering, environmental and geological problems, including those related to climate change;
•   unanticipated cost overruns;
•   exchange rate risks; and
•   failure of contracting parties to perform under contracts, including epc contractors.
any of these risks could cause nrg's financial returns on new investments to be lower than expected or could cause the company to operate below expected capacity or availability levels, which could result in lost revenues, increased expenses, higher maintenance costs and penalties. insurance is maintained to protect against these risks, warranties are generally obtained for limited periods relating to the construction of each project and its equipment in varying degrees, and contractors and equipment suppliers are obligated to meet certain performance levels. the insurance, warranties or performance guarantees, however, may not be adequate to cover increased expenses. as a result, a project may cost more than projected and may be unable to fund principal and interest payments under its construction financing obligations, if any. a default under such a financing obligation could result in the company losing its interest in a power generation facility.
furthermore, where the company has partnering relationships with a third party, the company is subject to the viability and performance of the third party. the company's inability to find a replacement contracting party, particularly an epc contractor, where the original contracting party has failed to perform, could result in the abandonment of the development and/or construction of such project, while the company could remain obligated on other agreements associated with the project, including ppas.
if the company is unable to complete the development or construction of a facility or environmental control, or decides to delay, downsize, or cancel such project, it may not be able to recover its investment in that facility or environmental control. furthermore, if construction projects are not completed according to specification, the company may incur liabilities and suffer reduced plant efficiency, higher operating costs and reduced net income.
nrg and its subsidiaries have guaranteed the performance of third parties, which may result in substantial costs in the event of non-performance.
nrg and its subsidiaries have issued certain guarantees of the performance of others, which obligate nrg and its subsidiaries to perform in the event that the third parties do not perform. in the event of non-performance by the third parties, nrg could incur substantial cost to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees. such performance guarantees could have a material impact on the operating results, financial condition, or cash flows of the company.
40
the company's development programs are subject to financing and public policy risks that could adversely impact nrg's financial performance or result in the abandonment of such development projects.
while nrg currently intends to develop and finance its more capital intensive projects on a non-recourse or limited recourse basis through separate project financed entities and intends to seek additional investments in most of these projects from third parties, nrg anticipates that it will need to make significant equity investments in these projects. nrg may also decide to develop and finance some of the projects, such as smaller gas-fired and renewable projects, using corporate financial resources rather than non-recourse debt, which could subject nrg to significant capital expenditure requirements and to risks inherent in the development and construction of new generation facilities. in addition to providing some or all of the equity required to develop and build the proposed projects, nrg's ability to finance these projects on a non-recourse basis is contingent upon a number of factors, including the terms of the epc contracts, construction costs, ppas and fuel procurement contracts, capital markets conditions, the availability of tax credits and other government incentives for certain new technologies. to the extent nrg is not able to obtain non-recourse financing for any project or should credit rating agencies attribute a material amount of the project finance debt to nrg's credit, the financing of the development projects could have a negative impact on the credit ratings of nrg.
nrg may also choose to undertake the repowering, refurbishment or upgrade of current facilities based on the company's assessment that such activity will provide adequate financial returns. such projects often require several years of development and capital expenditures before commencement of commercial operations, and key assumptions underpinning a decision to make such an investment may prove incorrect, including assumptions regarding construction costs, timing, available financing and future fuel and power prices.
furthermore, the viability of the company's renewable development projects are contingent on public policy mechanisms including production and investment tax credits, cash grants, loan guarantees, accelerated depreciation tax benefits, renewable portfolio standards, or rps, and carbon-related mandates or controls. these mechanisms have been implemented at the state and federal levels to support the development of renewable generation, demand-side and smart grid, and other clean infrastructure technologies. the availability and continuation of public policy support mechanisms will drive a significant part of the economics and viability of the company's development program and expansion into clean energy investments.
supplier and/or customer concentration at certain of nrg's facilities may expose the company to significant financial credit or performance risks.
nrg often relies on a single contracted supplier or a small number of suppliers for the provision of fuel, transportation of fuel and other services required for the operation of certain of its facilities. if these suppliers cannot perform, the company utilizes the marketplace to provide these services. there can be no assurance that the marketplace can provide these services as, when and where required or at comparable prices.
at times, nrg relies on a single customer or a few customers to purchase all or a significant portion of a facility's output, in some cases under long-term agreements that account for a substantial percentage of the anticipated revenue from a given facility. the company has also hedged a portion of its exposure to power price fluctuations through forward fixed price power sales and natural gas price swap agreements. counterparties to these agreements may breach or may be unable to perform their obligations. nrg may not be able to enter into replacement agreements on terms as favorable as its existing agreements, or at all. if the company was unable to enter into replacement ppas, the company would sell its plants' power at market prices. if the company is unable to enter into replacement fuel or fuel transportation purchase agreements, nrg would seek to purchase the company's fuel requirements at market prices, exposing the company to market price volatility and the risk that fuel and transportation may not be available during certain periods at any price.
the failure of any supplier or customer to fulfill its contractual obligations to nrg could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial results. consequently, the financial performance of the company's facilities is dependent on the credit quality of, and continued performance by, suppliers and customers.
the company's retail businesses may lose a significant number of retail customers due to competitive marketing activity by other retail electricity providers which could adversely affect the financial performance of the company's retail businesses.
the company's retail businesses face competition for customers. competitors may offer lower prices and other incentives, which may attract customers away from nrg's retail businesses. in some retail electricity markets, the principal competitor may be the incumbent utility. the incumbent utility has the advantage of long-standing relationships with its customers, including well-known brand recognition. furthermore, nrg's retail businesses may face competition from a number of other energy service providers, other energy industry participants, or nationally branded providers of consumer products and services who may develop businesses that will compete with nrg and its retail businesses.
41
nrg relies on power transmission facilities that it does not own or control and that are subject to transmission constraints within a number of the company's core regions. if these facilities fail to provide nrg with adequate transmission capacity, the company may be restricted in its ability to deliver wholesale electric power to its customers and the company may either incur additional costs or forego revenues. conversely, improvements to certain transmission systems could also reduce revenues.
nrg depends on transmission facilities owned and operated by others to deliver the wholesale power it sells from the company's power generation plants to its customers. if transmission is disrupted, or if the transmission capacity infrastructure is inadequate, nrg's ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be adversely impacted. if a region's power transmission infrastructure is inadequate, the company's recovery of wholesale costs and profits may be limited. if restrictive transmission price regulation is imposed, the transmission companies may not have sufficient incentive to invest in expansion of transmission infrastructure. the company also cannot predict whether transmission facilities will be expanded in specific markets to accommodate competitive access to those markets.
in addition, in certain of the markets in which nrg operates, energy transmission congestion may occur and the company may be deemed responsible for congestion costs if it schedules delivery of power between congestion zones during times when congestion occurs between the zones. if nrg were liable for such congestion costs, the company's financial results could be adversely affected.
the company has a significant amount of generation located in load pockets, making that generation valuable, particularly with respect to maintaining the reliability of the transmission grid. expansion of transmission systems to reduce or eliminate these load pockets could negatively impact the value or profitability of the company's existing facilities in these areas.
the company's use and enjoyment of real property rights for its projects may be adversely affected by the rights of lienholders and leaseholders that are superior to those of the grantors of those real property rights to the company.
solar and wind projects generally are, and are likely to be, located on land occupied by the project pursuant to long-term easements and leases. the ownership interests in the land subject to these easements and leases may be subject to mortgages securing loans or other liens (such as tax liens) and other easement and lease rights of third parties (such as leases of oil or mineral rights) that were created prior to the project's easements and leases. as a result, the project's rights under these easements or leases may be subject, and subordinate, to the rights of those third parties. the company performs title searches and obtains title insurance to protect itself against these risks. such measures may, however, be inadequate to protect the company against all risk of loss of its rights to use the land on which the wind projects are located, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition and results of operations.
one of the company's subsidiaries is a publicly traded corporation, nrg yield, inc., which may involve a greater exposure to legal liability than the company's historic business operations.
one of the company's subsidiaries is nrg yield, inc., a publicly traded corporation. nrg's controlling voting interest in nrg yield, inc. and the position of certain of its executive officers that are serving the board of directors of nrg yield, inc. or as executive officers may increase the possibility of claims of breach of fiduciary duties including claims of conflicts of interest related to nrg yield, inc. any liability resulting from such claims could have a material adverse effect on nrg's future business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
because nrg owns less than a majority of the ownership interests of some of its project investments, the company cannot exercise complete control over their operations.
nrg has limited control over the operation of some project investments and joint ventures because the company's investments are in projects where it beneficially owns less than a majority of the ownership interests. nrg seeks to exert a degree of influence with respect to the management and operation of projects in which it owns less than a majority of the ownership interests by negotiating to obtain positions on management committees or to receive certain limited governance rights, such as rights to veto significant actions. however, the company may not always succeed in such negotiations. nrg may be dependent on its co-venturers to operate such projects. the company's co-venturers may not have the level of experience, technical expertise, human resources management and other attributes necessary to operate these projects optimally. the approval of co-venturers also may be required for nrg to receive distributions of funds from projects or to transfer the company's interest in projects.
42
nrg may be unable to integrate the operations of acquired entities in the manner expected.
nrg enters into acquisitions that result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions depends on whether the businesses can be integrated into nrg in an efficient and effective manner. the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the disruption of nrg's businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures, practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could adversely affect the company's ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisitions. nrg may have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect nrg's future business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.
future acquisition activities may have materially adverse effects.
nrg may seek to acquire additional companies or assets in the company's industry or which complement the company's industry. the acquisition of companies and assets is subject to substantial risks, including the failure to identify material problems during due diligence, the risk of over-paying for assets, the ability to retain customers and the inability to arrange financing for an acquisition as may be required or desired. further, the integration and consolidation of acquisitions requires substantial human, financial and other resources and, ultimately, the company's acquisitions may not be successfully integrated. there can be no assurances that any future acquisitions will perform as expected or that the returns from such acquisitions will support the indebtedness incurred to acquire them or the capital expenditures needed to develop them.
nrg's business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by its unionized employees or inability to replace employees as they retire.
as of december 31, 2015, approximately 27% of nrg's employees at its u.s. generation plants were covered by collective bargaining agreements. in the event that the company's union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, nrg would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or the company could experience reduced power generation or outages. although nrg's ability to procure such labor is uncertain, contingency staffing planning is completed as part of each respective contract negotiations. strikes, work stoppages or the inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, a number of the company's employees at nrg's plants are close to retirement. the company's inability to replace retiring workers could create potential knowledge and expertise gaps as such workers retire.
changes in technology may impair the value of nrg's power plants.
research and development activities are ongoing to provide alternative and more efficient technologies to produce power, including "clean" coal and coal gasification, wind, photovoltaic (solar) cells, energy storage, and improvements in traditional technologies and equipment, such as more efficient gas turbines. advances in these or other technologies could reduce the costs of power production to a level below what the company has currently forecasted, which could adversely affect its cash flows, results of operations or competitive position.
risks that are beyond nrg's control, including but not limited to acts of terrorism or related acts of war, natural disaster, hostile cyber intrusions or other catastrophic events could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's generation facilities and the facilities of third parties on which they rely may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with them, that could cause environmental repercussions and/or result in full or partial disruption of the facilities ability to generate, transmit, transport or distribute electricity or natural gas. strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. hostile cyber intrusions, including those targeting information systems as well as electronic control systems used at the generating plants and for the distribution systems, could severely disrupt business operations and result in loss of service to customers, as well as significant expense to repair security breaches or system damage. any such environmental repercussions or disruption could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies which could have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. in addition, significant weather events or terrorist actions could damage or shut down the power transmission and distribution facilities upon which the company's retail businesses are dependent. power supply may be sold at a loss if these events cause a significant loss of retail customer load.
43
the operation of nrg's businesses is subject to cyber-based security and integrity risk.
numerous functions affecting the efficient operation of nrg's businesses are dependent on the secure and reliable storage, processing and communication of electronic data and the use of sophisticated computer hardware and software systems. the operation of nrg's generation plants, including stp, and of nrg's energy and fuel trading businesses are reliant on cyber-based technologies and, therefore, subject to the risk that such systems could be the target of disruptive actions, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, or otherwise be compromised by unintentional events. as a result, operations could be interrupted, property could be damaged and sensitive customer information could be lost or stolen, causing nrg to incur significant losses of revenues, other substantial liabilities and damages, costs to replace or repair damaged equipment and damage to nrg's reputation. in addition, nrg may experience increased capital and operating costs to implement increased security for its cyber systems and plants.
the company's retail businesses are subject to the risk that sensitive customer data may be compromised, which could result in an adverse impact to its reputation and/or the results of operations of the company's retail businesses.
the company's retail businesses require access to sensitive customer data in the ordinary course of business. examples of sensitive customer data are names, addresses, account information, historical electricity usage, expected patterns of use, payment history, credit bureau data, credit and debit card account numbers, drivers license numbers, social security numbers and bank account information. nrg's retail businesses may need to provide sensitive customer data to vendors and service providers who require access to this information in order to provide services, such as call center operations, to nrg's retail businesses. if a significant breach occurred, the reputation of nrg and its retail businesses may be adversely affected, customer confidence may be diminished, or nrg and its retail businesses may be subject to legal claims, any of which may contribute to the loss of customers and have a negative impact on the business and/or results of operations.
risks related to governmental regulation and laws nrg's business is subject to substantial governmental regulation and may be adversely affected by legislative or regulatory changes, as well as liability under, or any future inability to comply with, existing or future regulations or requirements.
nrg's business is subject to extensive u.s. federal, state and local laws and foreign laws. compliance with the requirements under these legal and regulatory regimes may cause the company to incur significant additional costs, and failure to comply with such requirements could result in the shutdown of a non-complying facility, the imposition of liens, fines, and/or civil or criminal liability.
public utilities under the fpa are required to obtain ferc acceptance of their rate schedules for wholesale sales of electricity. except for ercot generating facilities and power marketers, all of nrg's non-qualifying facility generating companies and power marketing affiliates in the u.s. make sales of electricity in interstate commerce and are public utilities for purposes of the fpa. ferc has granted each of nrg's generating and power marketing companies that make sales of electricity outside of ercot the authority to sell electricity at market-based rates. ferc's orders that grant nrg's generating and power marketing companies market-based rate authority reserve the right to revoke or revise that authority if ferc subsequently determines that nrg can exercise market power in transmission or generation, create barriers to entry, or engage in abusive affiliate transactions. in addition, nrg's market-based sales are subject to certain market behavior rules, and if any of nrg's generating and power marketing companies were deemed to have violated those rules, they are subject to potential disgorgement of profits associated with the violation and/or suspension or revocation of their market-based rate authority. if nrg's generating and power marketing companies were to lose their market-based rate authority, such companies would be required to obtain ferc's acceptance of a cost-of-service rate schedule and could become subject to the accounting, record-keeping, and reporting requirements that are imposed on utilities with cost-based rate schedules. this could have a material adverse effect on the rates nrg charges for power from its facilities.
substantially all of the company's generation assets are also subject to the reliability standards promulgated by the designated electric reliability organization (currently nerc) and approved by ferc. if nrg fails to comply with the mandatory reliability standards, nrg could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties and increased compliance obligations. nrg is also affected by legislative and regulatory changes, as well as changes to market design, market rules, tariffs, cost allocations, and bidding rules that occur in the existing isos. the isos that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, mitigation, including price limitations, offer caps, non-performance penalties and other mechanisms to address some of the volatility and the potential exercise of market power in these markets. these types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may have a material adverse effect on the profitability of nrg's generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets.
44
the regulatory environment has undergone significant changes in the last several years due to state and federal policies affecting wholesale and retail competition and the creation of incentives for the addition of large amounts of new renewable generation and, in some cases, transmission. these changes are ongoing, and the company cannot predict the future design of the wholesale power markets or the ultimate effect that the changing regulatory environment will have on nrg's business. in addition, in some of these markets, interested parties have proposed material market design changes, including the elimination of a single clearing price mechanism, as well as proposals to re-regulate the markets or require divestiture by generating companies to reduce their market share. other proposals to re-regulate may be made and legislative or other attention to the electric power market restructuring process may delay or reverse the deregulation process. if competitive restructuring of the electric power markets is reversed, discontinued, or delayed, the company's business prospects and financial results could be negatively impacted. in addition, since 2010, there have been a number of reforms to the regulation of the derivatives markets, both in the united states and internationally. these regulations, and any further changes thereto, or adoption of additional regulations, including any regulations relating to position limits on futures and other derivatives or margin for derivatives, could negatively impact nrg's ability to hedge its portfolio in an efficient, cost-effective manner by, among other things, potentially decreasing liquidity in the forward commodity and derivatives markets or limiting nrg's ability to utilize non-cash collateral for derivatives transactions.
government regulations providing incentives for renewable generation could change at any time and such changes may adversely impact nrg's business, revenues, margins, results of operations and cash flows.
the company's growth strategy depends in part on government policies that support renewable generation and enhance the economic viability of owning renewable electric generation assets. renewable generation assets currently benefit from various federal, state and local governmental incentives such as itcs, ptcs, cash grants in lieu of itcs, loan guarantees, rps programs, modified accelerated cost-recovery system of depreciation and bonus depreciation. for example, in december 2015, the u.s. congress enacted an extension of the 30% solar itc so that projects which begin construction in 2016 through 2019 will continue to qualify for the 30% itc. projects beginning construction in 2020 and 2021 will be eligible for the itc at the rates of 26% and 22%, respectively. the same legislation also extended the 10-year wind ptc for wind projects which begin construction in 2016 through 2019. wind projects which begin construction in the years 2017, 2018 and 2019 are eligible for ptcs at 80%, 60% and 40% of the statutory rate per kwh, respectively.
many states have adopted rps programs mandating that a specified percentage of electricity sales come from eligible sources of renewable energy. however, the regulations that govern the rps programs, including pricing incentives for renewable energy, or reasonableness guidelines for pricing that increase valuation compared to conventional power (such as a projected value for carbon reduction or consideration of avoided integration costs), may change. if the rps requirements are reduced or eliminated, it could lead to fewer future power contracts or lead to lower prices for the sale of power in future power contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's future growth prospects.
such material adverse effects may result from decreased revenues, reduced economic returns on certain project company investments, increased financing costs, and/or difficulty obtaining financing. furthermore, the arra included incentives to encourage investment in the renewable energy sector, such as cash grants in lieu of itcs, bonus depreciation and expansion of the u.s. doe loan guarantee program. it is uncertain what loan guarantees may be made by the u.s. doe loan guarantee program in the future. in addition, the cash grant in lieu of itcs program only applies to facilities that commenced construction prior to december 31, 2011, which commencement date may be determined in accordance with the safe harbor if more than 5% of the total cost of the eligible property was paid or incurred by december 31, 2011.
if the company is unable to utilize various federal, state and local government incentives to acquire additional renewable assets in the future, or the terms of such incentives are revised in a manner that is less favorable to the company, it may suffer a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the integration of the capacity performance product into the pjm market could lead to substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
on june 9, 2015, ferc approved changes to pjm's capacity market. major elements of the approved changes to the capacity performance framework include the calculation of the bid cap, elimination of the 2.5% holdback for short lead-time resources, and substantial performance penalties on capacity performance resources that do not perform in real time during specific periods of high demand. the company's capacity performance resources may not perform as planned, and the company may experience substantial changes in capacity income and non-performance penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
45
certain of nrg's long-term bilateral contracts result from state-mandated procurements and could be declared invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction.
a significant portion of nrg's revenues are derived from long-term bilateral contracts with utilities that are regulated by their respective states, and have been entered into pursuant to certain state programs. certain long-term contracts that other companies have with state-regulated utilities have been challenged in federal court and have been declared unconstitutional on the grounds that the rate for energy and capacity established by the contracts impermissibly conflicts with the rate for energy and capacity established by ferc pursuant to the fpa. to date, federal district courts in new jersey and maryland have struck down contracts on similar grounds, and the u.s. courts of appeals for the third and fourth circuits, respectively, have affirmed the lower court decisions. on october 19, 2015, the u.s. supreme court granted certiorari in the fourth circuit case, and the court heard oral argument on february 24, 2016. the outcome of this litigation could affect future capacity prices in pjm, as well as the legal status of the company's bilateral contracts with state-regulated utilities. if certain of the company's state-mandated agreements with utilities are held to be invalid, the company may be unable to replace such contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on the company's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
nrg's ownership interest in a nuclear power facility subjects the company to regulations, costs and liabilities uniquely associated with these types of facilities.
under the atomic energy act of 1954, as amended, or aea, ownership and operation of stp, of which nrg indirectly owns a 44% interest, is subject to regulation by the nrc. such regulation includes licensing, inspection, enforcement, testing, evaluation and modification of all aspects of nuclear reactor power plant design and operation, environmental and safety performance, technical and financial qualifications, decommissioning funding assurance and transfer and foreign ownership restrictions. the current facility operating licenses for stp expire on august 20, 2027 (unit 1) and december 15, 2028 (unit 2). stp has applied for the renewal of such licenses for a period of 20 years beyond the expirations of the current licenses. the nrc may decline to issue such renewals or may modify or otherwise condition such license renewals in a manner that results in substantial increased capital or operating costs, or that otherwise results in a material adverse effect on stp's economics and nrg's results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
there are unique risks to owning and operating a nuclear power facility. these include liabilities related to the handling, treatment, storage, disposal, transport, release and use of radioactive materials, particularly with respect to spent nuclear fuel, and uncertainties regarding the ultimate, and potential exposure to, technical and financial risks associated with modifying or decommissioning a nuclear facility. the nrc could require the shutdown of the plant for safety reasons or refuse to permit restart of the unit after unplanned or planned outages. new or amended nrc safety and regulatory requirements may give rise to additional operation and maintenance costs and capital expenditures. the on-going industry response to the accident at fukushima is an example of an external event with the potential for requiring significant increases in capital expenditures in order to comply with the yet-to-be-determined consequences of, and regulatory response to, an adverse event, such as mitigating steps that might be required after the seismic re-analysis in progress at all nuclear generating facilities. additionally, aging equipment may require more capital expenditures to keep each of these nuclear power plants operating efficiently.  this equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement.  any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages, or any unanticipated capital expenditures, could result in reduced profitability.  stp will be obligated to continue storing spent nuclear fuel if the u.s. doe continues to fail to meet its contractual obligations to stp made pursuant to the u.s. nuclear waste policy act of 1982 to accept and dispose of stp's spent nuclear fuel. see also item 1 - regulatory matters - nuclear operations - decommissioning trusts and item 1 - environmental matters - federal environmental initiatives - nuclear waste for further discussion. costs associated with these risks could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on nrg's results of operations, financial condition or cash flow to the extent not covered by the decommissioning trusts or recovered from ratepayers. in addition, to the extent that all or a part of stp is required by the nrc to permanently or temporarily shut down or modify its operations, or is otherwise subject to a forced outage, nrg may incur additional costs to the extent it is obligated to provide power from more expensive alternative sources - either nrg's own plants, third party generators or the ercot - to cover the company's then existing forward sale obligations. such shutdown or modification could also lead to substantial costs related to the storage and disposal of radioactive materials and spent nuclear fuel.
while stp maintains property and liability insurance for losses related to nuclear operations, there may be limitations on the amounts and types of insurance commercially available. see also item 15 - note 22, commitments and contingencies, nuclear insurance. an accident at stp or another nuclear facility could have a material adverse effect on nrg's financial condition, its operational results, or liquidity as losses may exceed the insurance coverage available and/or may result in the obligation to pay retrospective premium obligations.
46
nrg is subject to environmental laws that impose extensive and increasingly stringent requirements on the company's ongoing operations, as well as potentially substantial liabilities arising out of environmental contamination. these environmental requirements and liabilities could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg is subject to the environmental laws of foreign and u.s., federal, state and local authorities. the company must comply with numerous environmental laws and obtain numerous governmental permits and approvals to build and operate the company's plants. should nrg fail to comply with any environmental requirements that apply to its operations, the company could be subject to administrative, civil and/or criminal liability and fines, and regulatory agencies could take other actions seeking to curtail the company's operations. in addition, when new requirements take effect or when existing environmental requirements are revised, reinterpreted or subject to changing enforcement policies, nrg's business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
environmental laws generally have become more stringent, and the company expects this trend to continue.
nrg's businesses are subject to physical, market and economic risks relating to potential effects of climate change.
climate change may produce changes in weather or other environmental conditions, including temperature or precipitation levels, and thus may impact consumer demand for electricity. in addition, the potential physical effects of climate change, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events, could disrupt nrg's operations and cause it to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to these effects. these or other meteorological changes could lead to increased operating costs, capital expenses or power purchase costs. climate change could also affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for the continued operation of nrg's generation plants.
ghg regulation could increase the cost of electricity, particularly power generated by fossil fuels, and such increases could have a depressive effect on regional economies. reduced economic and consumer activity in nrg's service areas - both generally and specific to certain industries and consumers accustomed to previously lower cost power - could reduce demand for the power nrg generates and markets. also, demand for nrg's energy-related services could be similarly reduced by consumers' preferences or market factors favoring energy efficiency, low-carbon power sources or reduced electricity usage.
policies at the national, regional and state levels to regulate ghg emissions, as well as climate change, could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
nrg's ghg emissions for 2015 can be found in item 1, business - environmental matters. on october 23, 2015, the epa promulgated the final ghg emissions rules for new and existing fossil-fuel-fired electric generating units. the impact of these newly promulgated rules and further legislation or regulation of ghgs on the company's financial performance will depend on a number of factors, including future legal challenges to promulgated regulations, the level of ghg standards, the extent to which mitigation is required, the availability of offsets, and the extent to which nrg will be entitled to receive co2 emissions credits without having to purchase them in an auction or on the open market.
the company operates generating units in connecticut, delaware, maryland, massachusetts, and new york that are subject to rggi, which is a regional cap and trade system. in 2013, each of these states finalized a rule that reduced and will continue to reduce the number of allowances, which the company believes will increase the price of each allowance. the nine rggi states are re-evaluating the program and may alter the rules to further reduce the number of allowances. the 2013 rules and/or revisions being currently contemplated could adversely impact nrg's results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
california has a co2 cap and trade program for electric generating units greater than 25 mw. the impact on the company depends on the cost of the allowances and the ability to pass these costs through to customers.
on october 26, 2015, the epa promulgated a rule that reduces the ozone naaqs to 0.070 ppm. this more stringent naaqs will obligate the states to develop plans to reduce nox (an ozone precursor), which could affect some of the company's units. epa guidance for these plans is expected in late 2016.
hazards customary to the power production industry include the potential for unusual weather conditions, which could affect fuel pricing and availability, the company's route to market or access to customers, i.e., transmission and distribution lines, or critical plant assets. to the extent that climate change contributes to the frequency or intensity of weather-related events, nrg's operations and planning process could be affected.
47
nrg's retail businesses are subject to changing state rules and regulations that could have a material impact on the profitability of its business lines.
the competitiveness of nrg's retail businesses is partially dependent on state regulatory policies that establish the structure, rules, terms and conditions on which services are offered to retail customers.  these state policies, which can include controls on the retail rates nrg's retail businesses can charge, the imposition of additional costs on sales, restrictions on the company's ability to obtain new customers through various marketing channels and disclosure requirements, which can affect the competitiveness of nrg's retail businesses. additionally, state or federal imposition of net metering or rps programs can make it more or less expensive for retail customers to supplement or replace their reliance on grid power, such as with rooftop solar or other nrg retail offerings.  nrg's retail businesses have limited ability to influence development of these policies, and its business model may be more or less effective, depending on changes to the regulatory environment.
the company's international operations are exposed to political and economic risks, commercial instability and events beyond the company's control in the countries in which it operates, which risks may negatively impact the company's business.
the company's international operations are dependent upon products manufactured, purchased and sold in the u.s. and internationally, including in countries with political and economic instability. in some cases, these countries have greater political and economic volatility and greater vulnerability to infrastructure and labor disruptions than in nrg's other markets. the company's business could be negatively impacted by adverse fluctuations in freight costs, limitations on shipping and receiving capacity, and other disruptions in the transportation and shipping infrastructure at important geographic points of exit and entry for the company's products. operating and seeking to expand business in a number of different regions and countries exposes the company to a number of risks, including:
•   multiple and potentially conflicting laws, regulations and policies that are subject to change;
•   imposition of currency restrictions on repatriation of earnings or other restraints;
•   imposition of burdensome tariffs or quotas;
•   national and international conflict, including terrorist acts; and
•   political and economic instability or civil unrest that may severely disrupt economic activity in affected countries.
the occurrence of one or more of these events may negatively impact the company's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the company may potentially be affected by emerging technologies that may over time affect change in capacity markets and the energy industry overall with the inclusion of distributed generation and clean technology.
some technologies like, distributed renewable energy technologies, broad consumer adoption of electric vehicles and energy storage devices could affect the price of energy. these distributed technologies may affect the financial viability of utility counterparties and could have significant impacts on wholesale market prices.
48
risks related to economic and financial market conditions nrg's level of indebtedness could adversely affect its ability to raise additional capital to fund its operations or return capital to stockholders. it could also expose it to the risk of increased interest rates and limit its ability to react to changes in the economy or its industry.
nrg's substantial debt could have negative consequences, including:
•   increasing nrg's vulnerability to general economic and industry conditions;
•   requiring a substantial portion of nrg's cash flow from operations to be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its indebtedness, therefore reducing nrg's ability to pay dividends to holders of its preferred or common stock or to use its cash flow to fund its operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities;
•   limiting nrg's ability to enter into long-term power sales or fuel purchases which require credit support;
•   exposing nrg to the risk of increased interest rates because certain of its borrowings, including borrowings under its senior secured credit facility are at variable rates of interest;
•   limiting nrg's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital including collateral postings, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, acquisitions and general corporate or other purposes; and
•   limiting nrg's ability to adjust to changing market conditions and placing it at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors who have less debt.
the indentures for nrg's notes and senior secured credit facility contain financial and other restrictive covenants that may limit the company's ability to return capital to stockholders or otherwise engage in activities that may be in its long-term best interests. furthermore, financial and other restrictive covenants contained in any project level subsidiary debt may limit the ability of nrg to receive distributions from such subsidiary. nrg's failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of all of the company's indebtedness.
in addition, nrg's ability to arrange financing, either at the corporate level, a non-recourse project-level subsidiary or otherwise, and the costs of such capital, are dependent on numerous factors, including:
•   general economic and capital market conditions;
•   credit availability from banks and other financial institutions;
•   investor confidence in nrg, its partners and the regional wholesale power markets;
•   nrg's financial performance and the financial performance of its subsidiaries;
•   nrg's level of indebtedness and compliance with covenants in debt agreements;
•   maintenance of acceptable credit ratings;
•   cash flow; and
•   provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital.
nrg may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. the failure to obtain additional capital from time to time may have a material adverse effect on its business and operations.
49
adverse economic conditions could adversely affect nrg's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
adverse economic conditions and declines in wholesale energy prices, partially resulting from adverse economic conditions, may impact nrg's earnings. the breadth and depth of negative economic conditions may have a wide-ranging impact on the u.s. business environment, including nrg's businesses. in addition, adverse economic conditions also reduce the demand for energy commodities. reduced demand from negative economic conditions continues to impact the key domestic wholesale energy markets nrg serves. the combination of lower demand for power and increased supply of natural gas has put downward price pressure on wholesale energy markets in general, further impacting nrg's energy marketing results. in general, economic and commodity market conditions will continue to impact nrg's unhedged future energy margins, liquidity, earnings growth and overall financial condition. in addition, adverse economic conditions, declines in wholesale energy prices, reduced demand for power and other factors may negatively impact the trading price of nrg's common stock and impact forecasted cash flows, which may require nrg to evaluate its goodwill and other long-lived assets for impairment. any such impairment could have a material impact on nrg's financial statements.
goodwill and/or other intangible assets not subject to amortization that nrg has recorded in connection with its acquisitions are subject to mandatory annual impairment evaluations and as a result, the company could be required to write off some or all of this goodwill and other intangible assets, which may adversely affect the company's financial condition and results of operations.
in accordance with asc 350, intangibles - goodwill and other, or asc 350, goodwill is not amortized but is reviewed annually or more frequently for impairment and other intangibles are also reviewed at least annually or more frequently, if certain conditions exist, and may be amortized. any reduction in or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings which could materially adversely affect nrg's reported results of operations and financial position in future periods.
a valuation allowance may be required for nrg's deferred tax assets.
a valuation allowance may need to be recorded against net deferred tax assets that the company estimates as more likely than not to be unrealizable, based on available evidence including cumulative and forecasted pretax book earnings at the time the estimate is made. a valuation allowance related to deferred tax assets can be affected by changes to tax laws, statutory tax rates and future taxable income levels. in the event that the company determines that it would not be able to realize all or a portion of its net deferred tax assets in the future, the company would reduce such amounts accordingly through a charge to income tax expense in the period in which that determination was made, which could have a material adverse impact on the company's financial condition and results of operations.
the company has made investments, and may continue to make investments, in new business initiatives predominantly focused on consumer products and in markets that may not be successful, may not achieve the intended financial results or may result in product liability and reputational risk that could adversely affect the company.
nrg continues to pursue growth in its existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. nrg is continuing to pursue investment opportunities in renewables, consumer products and distributed generation. such initiatives may involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered in the diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market.
as part of these initiatives, the company may be liable to customers for any damage caused to customers' homes, facilities, belongings or property during the installation of company products and systems, such as residential solar systems and mass market back-up generators. in addition, shortages of skilled labor for company projects could significantly delay a project or otherwise increase its costs. the products that the company sells or manufactures may expose the company to product liability claims relating to personal injury, death, or environmental or property damage, and may require product recalls or other actions. although the company maintains liability insurance, the company cannot be certain that its coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to the company on economically reasonable terms, or at all. further, any product liability claim or damage caused by the company could significantly impair the company's brand and reputation, which may result in a failure to maintain customers and achieve the company's desired growth initiatives in these new businesses.
50
cautionary statement regarding forward-looking information this annual report on form 10-k of nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended, or securities act, and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended, or exchange act. the words "believes," "projects," "anticipates," "plans," "expects," "intends," "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause nrg's actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. these factors, risks and uncertainties include the factors described under item 1a - risk factors related to nrg energy, inc. and the following:
•   general economic conditions, changes in the wholesale power markets and fluctuations in the cost of fuel;
•   volatile power supply costs and demand for power;
•   hazards customary to the power production industry and power generation operations such as fuel and electricity price volatility, unusual weather conditions, catastrophic weather-related or other damage to facilities, unscheduled generation outages, maintenance or repairs, unanticipated changes to fuel supply costs or availability due to higher demand, shortages, transportation problems or other developments, environmental incidents, or electric transmission or gas pipeline system constraints and the possibility that nrg may not have adequate insurance to cover losses as a result of such hazards;
•   the effectiveness of nrg's risk management policies and procedures, and the ability of nrg's counterparties to satisfy their financial commitments;
•   counterparties' collateral demands and other factors affecting nrg's liquidity position and financial condition;
•   nrg's ability to operate its businesses efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs tightly, and generate earnings and cash flows from its asset-based businesses in relation to its debt and other obligations;
•   nrg's ability to enter into contracts to sell power and procure fuel on acceptable terms and prices;
•   the liquidity and competitiveness of wholesale markets for energy commodities;
•   government regulation, including compliance with regulatory requirements and changes in market rules, rates, tariffs and environmental laws and increased regulation of carbon dioxide and other ghg emissions;
•   price mitigation strategies and other market structures employed by isos or rtos that result in a failure to adequately and fairly compensate nrg's generation units;
•   nrg's ability to mitigate forced outage risk as it becomes subject to capacity performance requirements in pjm and new performance incentives in iso-ne;
•   nrg's ability to borrow funds and access capital markets, as well as nrg's substantial indebtedness and the possibility that nrg may incur additional indebtedness going forward;
•   nrg's ability to receive loan guarantees or cash grants to support development projects;
•   operating and financial restrictions placed on nrg and its subsidiaries that are contained in the indentures governing nrg's outstanding notes, in nrg's senior credit facility, and in debt and other agreements of certain of nrg subsidiaries and project affiliates generally;
•   nrg's ability to develop and build new power generation facilities, including new solar projects;
•   nrg's ability to develop and innovate new products as retail and wholesale markets continue to change and evolve;
•   nrg's ability to implement its strategy of finding ways to meet the challenges of climate change, clean air and protecting natural resources while taking advantage of business opportunities;
•   nrg's ability to achieve its strategy of regularly returning capital to stockholders;
•   nrg's ability to obtain and maintain retail market share;
•   nrg's ability to successfully evaluate investments and achieve intended financial results in new business and growth initiatives;
•   nrg's ability to engage in successful mergers and acquisitions activity;
•   nrg's ability to successfully integrate, realize cost savings and manage any acquired businesses; and
•   nrg's ability to develop and maintain successful partnering relationships.
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and nrg energy, inc. undertakes no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. the foregoing review of factors that could cause nrg's actual results to differ materially from those contemplated in any forward-looking statements included in this annual report on form 10-k should not be construed as exhaustive.
item 7 - management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the discussion and analysis below has been organized as follows:
•   executive summary, including the business environment in which nrg operates, how regulation, weather, competition and other factors affect the business, and significant events that are important to understanding the results of operations and financial condition for the 2015 period;
•   results of operations, including an explanation of significant differences between the periods in the specific line items of nrg's consolidated statements of operations;
•   financial condition addressing credit ratings, liquidity position, sources and uses of cash, capital resources and requirements, commitments, and off-balance sheet arrangements; and
•   critical accounting policies which are most important to both the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require management's most difficult, subjective or complex judgment.
as you read this discussion and analysis, refer to nrg's consolidated statements of operations to this form 10-k, which presents the results of the company's operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, and also refer to item 1 to this form 10-k for more detailed discussion about the company's business.
executive summary nrg energy, inc., or nrg or the company, is an integrated competitive power company, which produces, sells and delivers energy and energy products and services in major competitive power markets in the u.s. while positioning itself as a leader in the way residential, industrial and commercial consumers think about and use energy products and services. nrg has one of the nation's largest and most diverse competitive generation portfolios balanced with the nation's largest competitive retail energy business. the company owns and operates approximately 50,000 mw of generation; engages in the trading of wholesale energy, capacity and related products; transacts in and trades fuel and transportation services; and directly sells energy, services, and innovative, sustainable products and services to retail customers under the names "nrg", "reliant" and other retail brand names owned by nrg.
business environment the industry dynamics and external influences affecting the company and its businesses, and the power generation and retail energy industry in general in 2015 and for the future medium term include:
capacity markets - capacity markets are a major source of revenue for the company.  centralized capacity markets exist in iso-ne, miso, nyiso and pjm. bilateral markets exist in caiso and miso.  these auctions are either an annual market held three years ahead of the delivery period as in the case of pjm and iso-ne, or six months to one month ahead as in the case of nyiso.  many variables affect the prices derived in these auctions.  these variables include the load forecast, the target reserve margin, rules surrounding demand response, capacity performance penalties, capacity imports and exports from the region, new generation entrants, slope of the demand curve, generation retirements, the cost of retrofitting old generation to meet new environmental rules, expected profitability of the plant itself in the energy market and various other auction rules.  in theory, a high capacity price should be an indication that the iso doesn't have sufficient generation capacity against its needed reserve margin and new construction should enter the market.  similarly, a low capacity price suggests the market is over-built and units should retire.  the company has seen many swings in the pricing for capacity markets and the rules in many of the markets are undergoing significant changes, as discussed in this management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.  in addition, pjm integrated a new capacity performance construct into the market in 2015, as described in item 1 - business, regulatory matters.
commodities markets - the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates power plants.  natural gas prices are driven by variables including demand from the industrial, residential, and electric sectors, productivity across natural gas supply basins, costs of natural gas production, changes in pipeline infrastructure, and the financial and hedging profile of natural gas consumers and producers.  in 2015, average natural gas prices at henry hub were 40% lower than 2014.
62
if long-term gas prices further decrease or remain depressed, the company is likely to encounter lower realized energy prices, leading to lower energy revenues as higher priced hedge contracts mature and are replaced by contracts with lower gas and power prices.  nrg's retail gross margins have historically improved as natural gas prices decline and are likely to partially offset the impact of declining gas prices on conventional wholesale power generation.  to further mitigate this impact, nrg may increase its percentage of coal and nuclear capacity sold forward using a variety of hedging instruments, as described under the heading "energy-related commodities" in item 15 - note 5, accounting for derivative instruments and hedging activities, to the consolidated financial statements.  the company also mitigates declines in long-term gas prices through its increased investment in renewable power generation supported by ppas.
natural gas prices are a primary driver of coal demand.  the low priced commodity environment has stressed coal equities, leading coal suppliers to file for bankruptcy protection, launch debt exchanges, rationalize assets, and cut production.  if multiple parties withdraw from the market, liquidity could be challenged in the short term.  inventory overhang will be utilized to offset production losses. coal prices are typically affected by the price of natural gas.
electricity prices - the price of electricity is a key determinant of the profitability of the company. many variables such as the price of different fuels, weather, load growth and unit availability all coalesce to impact the final price for electricity and the company's profitability. in 2015, electricity prices in the company's core markets were lower than 2014 primarily due to lower natural gas prices.  in 2014, electricity prices in the company's core markets were generally higher than 2013 primarily due to higher natural gas prices. the following table summarizes average on-peak power prices for each of the major markets in which nrg operates for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013:
average on peak power price ($/mwh)(a)
region                                2015                    2014                    2013
gulf coast (b)
ercot - houston               $28.15                  $43.73                  $36.40
ercot - north                  27.61                   43.34                   34.63
miso - louisiana hub (c)       34.55                   48.72                   37.05
east ny j/nyc                       46.42                   71.72                   62.94
ny a/west ny                   42.07                   58.16                   46.57
nepool                         48.25                   75.28                   64.02
pepco (pjm)                    46.48                   70.69                   47.14
pjm west hub                   41.97                   61.15                   43.89
west caiso - np15                   35.50                   49.27                   41.63
caiso - sp15                   32.45                   48.39                   45.99
(a) average on-peak power prices based on real time settlement prices as published by the respective isos.
(b) gulf coast region also transacts in pjm - west hub.
(c) gulf coast region, south central market 2013 price data is "into entergy". miso-louisiana hub began trading december 2013.
environmental regulatory landscape - the mats rule, finalized in 2012, is the primary regulatory force behind the decision to retrofit, repower or retire uncontrolled coal fired power plants. companies are nearly done with their plans to comply as many units received a one-year extension until april 2016. in june 2015, the u.s. supreme court held that the epa unreasonably refused to consider costs when it determined to regulate haps emitted by electric generating units. the u.s. supreme court did not vacate the mats rule but rather remanded it to the d.c. circuit for further proceedings. a number of regulations on ghgs, ambient air quality, coal combustion byproducts and water use with the potential for increased capital costs or operational impacts have been finalized and are under review by the courts. the design, timing and stringency of these regulations and the legal outcomes will affect the framework for the retrofit or retirement of existing fossil plants and deployment of new, cleaner technologies in the next decade. see item 1- business, environmental matters, for further discussion.
public policy support and government financial incentives for clean infrastructure development - policy mechanisms including production and investment tax credits, cash grants, loan guarantees, accelerated depreciation tax benefits, rps, and carbon trading plans have been implemented at the state and federal levels to support the development of renewable generation, demand-side and smart grid, and other clean infrastructure technologies. the availability and continuation of public policy support mechanisms will drive a significant part of the economics of the company's development program. in december 2015, the u.s. congress enacted an extension of the 30% solar itc so that projects which begin construction in 2016 through 2019 will continue to qualify for the 30% itc.  projects beginning construction in 2020 and 2021 will be eligible for the itc at the rates of 26% and 22% respectively.  the same legislation also extended the 10 year wind ptc for wind projects which begin construction in years 2016 through 2019.  wind projects which begin construction in the years 2017, 2018 and 2019 are eligible for ptc at 80%, 60% and 40% of the statutory rate per kilowatt hour respectively.
63
weather - weather conditions in the regions of the u.s. in which nrg does business influence the company's financial results. weather conditions can affect the supply and demand for electricity and fuels. weather may also impact the availability of the company's generating assets. changes in energy supply and demand may impact the price of these energy commodities in both the spot and forward markets, which may affect the company's results in any given period. typically, demand for and the price of electricity is higher in the summer and the winter seasons, when temperatures are more extreme. the demand for and price of natural gas is also generally higher in the winter. however, all regions of the u.s. typically do not experience extreme weather conditions at the same time, thus nrg is typically not exposed to the effects of extreme weather in all parts of its business at once.
wind and solar resource availability - wind and solar resource availability can affect the company's results. the company's results were impacted by lower than normal wind resource availability in 2015. while the company's wind facilities were available, adverse weather had a negative impact on wind resources. the company cannot predict wind and solar resource availability and their related impacts on future results.
capital market conditions - the company and its peer group, along with the broader energy sector, have recently experienced volatile conditions in the capital markets, including debt and equity markets, due to continued depressed commodity markets. these conditions, if they persist, may make it difficult for the company, including genon and nrg yield, inc., to satisfy debt obligations which mature over the next few years at a reasonable cost. further, nrg yield, inc.'s growth strategy depends on its ability to identify and acquire additional conventional and renewable facilities from the company and unaffiliated third parties.  a prolonged disruption in the equity capital market conditions could make it difficult for nrg yield, inc. to obtain the necessary financing to successfully acquire projects, which could impact a source of the company's liquidity.
other factors - a number of other factors significantly influence the level and volatility of prices for energy commodities and related derivative products for nrg's business. these factors include:
•   seasonal, daily and hourly changes in demand;
•   extreme peak demands;
•   available supply resources;
•   transportation and transmission availability and reliability within and between regions;
•   location of nrg's generating facilities relative to the location of its load-serving opportunities;
•   procedures used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during extreme conditions; and
•   changes in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations.
these factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in different ways and to different degrees. these effects may vary throughout the country as a result of regional differences in:
•   weather conditions;
•   market liquidity;
•   capability and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems;
•   local transportation systems; and
•   the nature and extent of electricity deregulation.
environmental matters, regulatory matters and legal proceedings - details of environmental matters are presented in item 15 - note 24, environmental matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1- business, environmental matters, section. details of regulatory matters are presented in item 15 - note 23, regulatory matters, to the consolidated financial statements and item 1- business, regulatory matters, section. details of legal proceedings are presented in item 15 - note 22, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements. some of this information relates to costs that may be material to the company's financial results.
impact of inflation on nrg's results - for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the impact of inflation and changing prices (due to changes in exchange rates) on nrg's revenues and net income was immaterial.
64
significant events during the year ended december 31, 2015
•   impairment losses - during 2015, the company recognized impairment losses related to certain of its long-lived assets and goodwill for certain reporting units, as discussed in more detail in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments, and note 11, goodwill and other intangibles, to the consolidated financial statements.
•   nrg yield, inc. equity and debt offerings - during the second quarter of 2015, nrg yield, inc. completed its public offering of 28,198,000 shares of class c common stock for net proceeds of $599 million. in addition, nrg yield, inc. issued $287.5 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% convertible notes due 2020.
•   debt repurchases - during the fourth quarter of 2015, the company repurchased $520 million in aggregate principal of outstanding senior notes in the open market for $467 million, including accrued interest, as discussed in more detail in item 15 - note 12, debt and capital leases, to the consolidated financial statements.
•   share repurchases - during 2015, under the 2015 capital allocation program, the company paid $437 million for the repurchase of 24,189,495 shares of common stock.
•   transfers of assets under common control - on january 2, 2015, the company sold the following facilities to nrg yield, inc.: walnut creek, the tapestry projects (buffalo bear, pinnacle and taloga) and laredo ridge. nrg yield, inc. paid total cash consideration of $489 million, including $9 million of working capital adjustments, plus assumed project level debt of $737 million.
on november 3, 2015, the company sold 75% of the class b interests of nrg wind te holdco, which owns a portfolio of 12 wind facilities totaling 814 net mw, to nrg yield, inc. nrg yield inc. paid total cash consideration of $209 million, subject to working capital adjustments. in february 2016, the company made a final working capital payment of $2 million to nrg yield, inc., reducing total cash consideration to $207 million. nrg yield, inc. will be responsible for its pro-rata share of non-recourse project debt of $193 million and noncontrolling interest associated with a tax equity structure of $159 million (as of the acquisition date).
significant events during the year ended december 31, 2014
•   eme acquisition - on april 1, 2014, nrg completed the acquisition of eme as discussed in more detail in item 15 - note 3, business acquisitions and dispositions.
•   alta wind acquisition - on august 12, 2014, nrg yield, inc. completed the acquisition of alta wind as discussed in more detail in item 15 - note 3, business acquisitions and dispositions.
•   long-term debt - during 2014, the company increased its recourse debt by approximately $0.8 billion and increased its non-recourse debt by approximately $2.8 billion primarily in connection with the acquisitions of eme and alta wind as well as the issuance of nrg yield, inc. corporate debt.
•   impairment losses - during 2014, the company recognized impairment losses on its coolwater and osceola facilities and certain solar panels, as discussed in more detail in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments.
•   nrg yield, inc. public offering - during the third quarter of 2014, nrg yield, inc. completed its second public offering of its class a common shares for net proceeds of $630 million.
subsequent events
•   sherwin bankruptcy - the company's gregory cogeneration plant provides steam, processed water and a small percentage of its electrical generation to the corpus christi sherwin alumina plant. on january 11, 2016, sherwin alumina company, or sherwin, filed a voluntary petition with the united states bankruptcy court for the southern district of texas for relief under title 11 of the united states code. sherwin has agreed to pay all owed pre-petition amounts and, post-petition, sherwin is performing pursuant to bankruptcy court authorization while it decides whether to reject the agreement sherwin has with the company's subsidiary that owns and operates the company's gregory cogeneration plant. sherwin is seeking contractual concessions and could pursue a conversion to a title 7 proceeding.
•   canal 3 development project - in february 2016, the company's canal 3 development project, a 333 mw gas turbine peaker which is scheduled to go online in 2019 on cape cod, cleared the iso-ne tenth forward capacity auction at a price of $7.03/kw-month.
65
consolidated results of operations
2015 compared to 2014
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                                                         2015                 2014(a)          change %
operating revenues energy revenue (b)                                                                                   $5,494                  $5,422                1   %
capacity revenue (b)                                                                                  2,164                   2,087                4
retail revenue                                                                                        6,913                   7,376               (6   )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                         (244     )               501              149
contract amortization                                                                                   (40     )               (13     )       (208   )
other revenues (c)                                                                                      387                     495              (22   )
total operating revenues                                                                             14,674                  15,868               (8   )
operating costs and expenses cost of sales (b)                                                                                     7,838                   8,623               (9   )
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                          128                     488               74
contract and emissions credit amortization (d)                                                           11                      31              (65   )
operations and maintenance                                                                            2,313                   2,230                4
other cost of operations                                                                                465                     422               10
total cost of operations                                                                             10,755                  11,794               (9   )
depreciation and amortization                                                                         1,566                   1,523                3
impairment losses                                                                                     5,030                      97              n/m selling, general and administrative expense                                                           1,220                   1,027               19
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs                                                    10                      84              (88   )
development costs                                                                                       154                      91               69
total operating costs and expenses                                                                   18,735                  14,616               28
gain on post retirement benefits curtailment and sale of assets                                          21                      19               11
operating (loss)/income                                                                              (4,040     )             1,271             (418   )
other income/(expense)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                          36                      38               (5   )
impairment losses on investments                                                                        (56     )                 -              n/a other income, net                                                                                        33                      22               50
(loss)/gain on sale of equity-method investment                                                         (14     )                18             (178   )
net gain/(loss) on debt extinguishment                                                                   75                     (95     )       (179   )
interest expense                                                                                     (1,128     )            (1,119     )          1
total other expense                                                                                  (1,054     )            (1,136     )         (7   )
(loss)/income before income taxes                                                                    (5,094     )               135              n/m income tax expense                                                                                    1,342                       3              n/m net (loss)/income                                                                                    (6,436     )               132              n/m less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests         (54     )                (2     )        n/m net (loss)/income attributable to nrg energy, inc.                                                  $(6,382     )              $134              n/m business metrics average natural gas price - henry hub ($/mmbtu)                                                       $2.66                   $4.41              (40   )%
(a)   includes the results of eme from april 1, 2014 to december 31, 2014.
(b)   includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions.
(c)   includes unrealized trading gains and losses.
(d)   includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi credits.
n/a- not applicable n/m- not meaningful
66
management's discussion of the results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014
(loss)/income before income tax expense - the pre-tax loss of $5,094 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to pre-tax income of $135 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, primarily reflects:
•   an increase of $4,989 million in impairment losses;
•   a current year decrease from net mark-to-market results for economic hedges activity of $385 million;
•   an increase of $448 million in other operating costs comprised primarily of depreciation and amortization, selling and marketing expense, general and administrative expense, acquisition-related transaction and integration costs and development costs;
partially offset by:
•   an increase in economic gross margin of $455 million comprised of an increase in nrg home retail economic gross margin of $219 million, an increase in nrg yield economic gross margin of $170 million, an increase in nrg renew economic gross margin of $58 million, an increase in nrg home solar economic gross margin of $6 million, and an increase in nrg business economic gross margin of $2 million;
•   a decrease of $138 million in other expenses primarily relating to the gain on debt extinguishment.
net (loss)/income - the decrease in net income of $6,568 million primarily reflects the drivers discussed above, including income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, of $1,342 million, compared to income tax expense of $3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, which reflects the valuation allowance recorded during the fourth quarter of 2015.
67
economic gross margin the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of energy revenue, capacity revenue, retail revenue and other revenue, less cost of sales.
economic gross margin excludes the following elements from gross margin: mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization and emission credit amortization.
the following tables present the composition of economic gross margin, business metrics and weather metrics for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014:
year ended december 31, 2015
nrg business      nrg home
(in millions except otherwise noted)                         gulf coast               east              west                 b2b      elim-inations                  subtotal      retail               solar                 nrg renew             nrg yield          elim-inations/corporate               total energy revenue                                             $2,548               $2,926              $269                  $-          $-                          $5,743           $-                   $-                   $444                  $405                      $(1,098         )          $5,494
capacity revenue                                              291                1,345               195                   6          -                            1,837           -                    -                       -                   341                          (14         )           2,164
retail revenue                                                  -                    -                 -               1,499          -                            1,499           5,389            32                          -                     -                           (7         )           6,913
other revenue                                                  70                   68                11                 208          (59           )      298                     -                    -                      34                   179                         (124         )             387
operating revenue                                           2,909                4,339               475               1,713          (59           )              9,377           5,389            32                        478                   925                       (1,243         )          14,958
cost of fuel                                               (1,214     )         (1,446   )          (159   )               -          -                           (2,819    )      (8          )        -                      (4     )             (43     )                     62                    (2,812   )
other costs of sales                                         (237     )           (493   )           (33   )          (1,468   )      -                           (2,231    )      (3,883      )        (17     )              (3     )             (28     )                  1,136                    (5,026   )
economic gross margin                                      $1,458               $2,400              $283                $245          $(59          )             $4,327           $1,498               $15                  $471                  $854                         $(45         )          $7,120
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)(a)(b)                                 61,599               46,917             6,317                                                                                                                    4,408                 5,740
mwh generated (thousands)(c)                               57,679               46,289             4,542                                                                                                                    4,461                 8,227
electricity sales volume (gwh)                                                                                        19,342
average customer count (thousands, metered locations)                                                                     82
(a) mwh sold excludes generation at facilities that generate revenue under capacity agreements.
(b) does not include mwh of 297 thousand or mwt of 1,946 thousand for thermal sold by nrg yield.
(c) does not include mwh of 205 thousand or mwt of 1,946 thousand for thermal generation by nrg yield.
year ended december 31, 2014
nrg business      nrg home
(in millions except otherwise noted)                         gulf coast                east              west                 b2b      elim-inations                  subtotal      retail               solar                 nrg renew             nrg yield          elim-inations/corporate               total energy revenue                                             $2,711                $3,439              $326                  $-          $-                          $6,476           $-                   $-                   $384                  $270                      $(1,708         )          $5,422
capacity revenue                                              260                 1,269               257                   1          -                            1,787           -                    -                       1                   321                          (22         )           2,087
retail revenue                                                  -                     -                 -               1,870          -                            1,870           5,502            42                          -                     -                          (38         )           7,376
other revenue                                                  86                   107                 8                 189          (50           )      340                     -                    -                      39                   182                          (66         )             495
operating revenue                                           3,057                 4,815               591               2,060          (50           )             10,473           5,502            42                        424                   773                       (1,834         )          15,380
cost of fuel                                               (1,494     )          (1,841   )          (235   )               -          -                           (3,570    )      (16         )        -                      (4     )             (62     )                     75                    (3,577   )
other costs of sales                                         (293     )            (413   )           (31   )          (1,832   )      -                           (2,569    )      (4,207      )        (33     )              (7     )             (27     )                  1,797                    (5,046   )
economic gross margin                                      $1,270                $2,561              $325                $228          $(50          )             $4,334           $1,279               $9                   $413                  $684                          $38                    $6,757
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)(a)(b)                                 63,860                49,619             4,769                                                                                                                    4,026                 3,977
mwh generated (thousands)(c)                               59,872                51,191             4,241                                                                                                                    4,026                 6,108
electricity sales volume (gwh)                                                                                         21,816
average customer count (thousands, metered locations)                                                                      82
(a) mwh sold excludes generation at facilities that generate revenue under capacity agreements.
(b) does not include mwh of 205 thousand or mwt of 2,060 thousand for thermal sold by nrg yield.
(c) does not include mwh of 224 thousand or mwt of 2,060 thousand for thermal generation by nrg yield.
68
years ended december 31, weather metrics      gulf coast (b)                east                west
2015
cdds (a)            2,870                   1,336               1,111
hdds (a)            1,887                   4,697               1,948
2014
cdds                2,737                   1,068               1,158
hdds                2,157                   5,123               1,712
10 year average cdds                2,901                   1,188         821
hdds                1,900                   4,712               2,404
(a)   national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day, or cdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day, or hdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period.
(b) cdds/hdds for the gulf coast region represent an average of cumulative population-weighted cdds/hdds for texas and the west south-central climate region.
nrg business economic gross margin nrg business economic gross margin increased by $2 million, including intercompany sales, during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, due to:
(in millions)
increase in gulf coast region          $188
decrease in east region                (161      )
decrease in west region                 (42      )
increase in b2b                          17
$2
the increase in economic gross margin in the gulf coast region was driven by:
(in millions)
higher gross margin, which reflects a decrease in ercot merchant power prices, offset by the impact of beneficial hedges, as well as a decrease in natural gas prices                                                         $174
higher gross margin due to an increase in capacity revenue from higher pricing for certain south central facilities as well as an increase in average realized prices which reflects the impact of beneficial hedges           139
higher gross margin from an increase in gas generation in texas, which reflects lower supply costs from lower natural gas prices                                                                                                28
lower gross margin due to lower coal generation in texas, which was driven by lower natural gas prices                                                                                                                         (71      )
lower capacity revenue due to the expiration of contracts in texas and south central                                                                                                                                           (49      )
lower coal gross margin due to lower coal generation in south central, primarily for the conversion of big cajun unit 2 to gas                                                                                                 (32      )
lower gross margin from decrease in nuclear generation driven by increased planned and unplanned outages                                                                                                                       (21      )
changes in commercial optimization and other                                                                                                                                                                                    20
$188
69
the decrease in economic gross margin in the east region was driven by:
(in millions)
lower gross margin due to a 27% decrease in coal generation as a result of prior year winter weather conditions and plant deactivations                                                                                                           $(324      )
lower gross margin driven by a 7% decrease in pjm cleared auction capacity volumes primarily from unit deactivations, coupled with increased purchased capacity, partially offset by a 4% increase in pjm cleared auction capacity prices           (60      )
changes in commercial optimization activities                                                                                                                                                                                                       (34      )
lower gross margin due to market adjustments for fuel oil inventory                                                                                                                                                                                  (8      )
higher gross margin due to the eme acquisition in april 2014                                                                                                                                                                                        121
higher gross margin for gas facilities due to a decrease in natural gas prices, partially offset by a 6% decrease in average realized energy prices, which reflect the impact of beneficial hedges                                                   55
higher gross margin due to new load contracts starting in june 2014 and lower supply cost                                                                                                                                                            50
higher gross margin primarily driven by a 9% increase in new york and new england hedged capacity prices offset by purchased capacity                                                                                                                29
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                10
$(161      )
the decrease in economic gross margin in the west region was driven by:
(in millions)
lower capacity gross margin due to a 17% decrease in price as a result of higher reserve margins driven by more competition in certain areas and the expiration of certain tolling arrangements, which were replaced with lower priced agreements           $(43      )
lower gross margin due to the retirement of coolwater                                                                                                                                                                                                        (21      )
higher energy gross margin due to a 15% increase in volume driven by more available generation resulting from the expiration of certain tolling arrangements and a 39% decrease in gas prices, partially offset by a 27% decrease in energy prices            11
higher gross margin due to the eme acquisition                                                                                                                                                                                                                 8
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          3
$(42      )
the increase in b2b economic gross margin was driven by:
(in millions)
higher gross margin for the c&amp;i business in 2015 due to higher supply costs incurred in early 2014 as a result of prior year winter weather conditions and lower supply costs in 2015 driven by lower natural gas prices           $17
higher margin for the energy services business due to new contracts and new business                                                                                                                                                     4
lower gross margin from a decrease in customer usage due to customer mix                                                                                                                                                                (3      )
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   (1      )
$17
70
nrg home retail economic gross margin the following is a discussion of economic gross margin for nrg home retail.
selected income statement data years ended december 31,
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                   2015                    2014
home retail revenue                                            $5,251                  $5,269
supply management revenue                                         138                     233
operating revenues (a)                                         $5,389                  $5,502
cost of sales (b)                                              (3,891     )            (4,223     )
economic gross margin                                          $1,498                  $1,279
business metrics electricity sales volume (gwh) - gulf coast                    34,600                  33,284
electricity sales volume (gwh) - all other regions              8,090                   8,218
average nrg home retail customer count (in thousands) (c)       2,783                   2,718
nrg home retail customer count (in thousands) (c)               2,766                   2,844
(a)   includes intercompany sales of $8 million and $9 million, respectively.
(b)   includes intercompany purchases of $1,054 million and $1,846 million, respectively.
(c)   excludes discrete customers.
nrg home retail economic gross margin increased $219 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, driven by:
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to lower supply costs partially offset by lower rates to customers driven by a decrease in natural gas prices          $172
higher gross margin due to lower supply costs on the higher sales volumes resulting from weather in 2015                                         50
other                                                                                                                                            (3      )
$219
nrg home solar economic gross margin nrg home solar economic gross margin increased by $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, which was primarily related to an increase in solar leases deployed.
nrg renew economic gross margin nrg renew economic gross margin increased $58 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014. the increase in gross margin was a result of the eme acquisition in april 2014 and improved performance at the ivanpah project, as it continues towards full production capabilities.
nrg yield economic gross margin nrg yield economic gross margin increased $170 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014. the increase in gross margin was primarily related to the acquisition of the alta wind assets in august 2014 as well as the acquisition of the january 2015 drop down assets and the november 2015 drop down assets from nrg, the majority of which were acquired by nrg from eme in april 2014.
71
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges and ineffectiveness on cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results decreased by $385 million during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by region was as follows:
for the year ended december 31, 2015
nrg business nrg home           gulf coast            east              west              b2b               nrg renew             nrg yield             eliminations (a)            total
(in millions)
mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges   $-                 $(408       )         $(288     )       $6                $(1       )       $(3         )         $(2         )         $(46            )           $(742     )
reversal of acquired gain positions related to economic hedges                                                -                  -                     (84       )       -                 -                 -                     -                     -                           (84       )
net unrealized gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                             -              342                   174               4                 5                     -                     -                 57                          582
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating revenues                                                     $-                 $(66        )         $(198     )       $10               $4                $(3         )         $(2         )         $11                         $(244     )
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses/(gains) on settled positions related to economic hedges   $256               $34                   $15               $(1       )       $117              $-                    $-                    $46                         $467
reversal of acquired gain positions related to economic hedges                                                (3        )        -                     -                 (18       )       (1        )       -                     -                     -                           (22       )
net unrealized (losses)/gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                    (192      )        (51         )         (93       )   1                     (181      )       -                     -                     (57             )           (573      )
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating costs and expenses                                           $61                $(17        )         $(78      )       $(18      )       $(65      )       $-                    $-                    $(11            )           $(128     )
(a)   represents the elimination of the intercompany activity between nrg home and nrg business.
mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same caption as the items being hedged.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, the $244 million loss in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on contracts that settled during the period and the reversal of acquired contracts largely offset by an increase in value of open positions as a result of decreases in ercot and pjm electricity prices. the $128 million loss in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by a decrease in the value of open positions as a result of decreases in ercot electricity and coal prices and the reversal of acquired contracts, largely offset by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized losses on contracts that settled during the period.
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the year ended december 31, 2015, and 2014. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in operating revenue. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy and are primarily transacted through betm.
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                             2015                    2014
trading gains/(losses)
realized                             $57                    $136
unrealized                           (76     )                14
total trading (losses)/gains        $(19     )              $150
72
operations and maintenance expense nrg business                                                              nrg home retail            nrg home solar           nrg renew             nrg yield            eliminations gulf coast           east                west             b2b                                               total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2015   $643                 $1,006              $143             $81             $201                       $18                      $135                  $171                 $(85          )            $2,313
year ended december 31, 2014   617                  1,017           141               84             197                         11                      116                   131                      (84           )             2,230
operations and maintenance expenses increased by $83 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, due to:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of eme in april 2014 and the alta wind assets in august 2014                                            $116
increase in operations and maintenance expense related to planned outages at cottonwood and big cajun                                     42
increase in operations and maintenance expense related to ivanpah reaching commercial operations in early 2014                             8
increase in operations and maintenance expense related to el segundo energy center's forced outage in 2015                                 6
increase due to the acquisition of dominion in march 2014                                                                                  4
decrease in east operations and maintenance expense related to the timing and expense for prior year outages at various plants           (64      )
decrease in operations and maintenance expense due to the retirement of coolwater                                                        (30      )
decrease in operations and maintenance expense related to texas coal facilities due to timing of outages                                 (14      )
other                                                                                                                                     15
$83
other cost of operations other cost of operations, comprised of asset retirement expense, insurance expense and property tax expense, increased by $43 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, primarily due to the increase in property tax expense related to the acquisition of eme in april 2014 and the alta wind assets in august 2014.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense increased by $43 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, primarily due to increases of $19 million and $40 million due to the acquisitions of eme in april 2014 and the alta wind assets in august 2014, respectively, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense for facilities impaired during 2015.
impairment losses in 2015, the company recorded impairment losses of $5,030 million related to various facilities, as well as goodwill for its texas and home solar reporting units, as further described in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments, and note 11, goodwill and other intangibles, to the consolidated financial statements.
in 2014, the company recorded an impairment loss of $97 million related primarily to the osceola and coolwater facilities, as further described in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
73
selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses are comprised of the following:
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                           2015                        2014
selling and marketing expense                    $509                        $343
general and administrative expenses               711                         684
$1,220                      $1,027
selling and marketing expenses increased $166 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014, due primarily to an increase in expense related to retail acquisitions as well as channel and product expansions in the core retail business, which also contributed to margin expansion during the same time period. the increase was also driven by home solar acquisitions in 2014, which provided nrg home solar with an installation team, a sales team and additional sales channels.
general and administrative expenses increased by $27 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014, due primarily to expansion of the home solar business partially offset by continued integration and cost management efforts.
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs nrg incurred transaction and integration costs of $10 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $84 million for the same period in 2014. the reduction in transaction and integration costs is due primarily to the substantial completion of integration activities for the acquisitions of alta wind, dominion and eme in 2014.
development costs nrg incurred development costs of $154 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $91 million for the same period in 2014. the increase in development costs is due to increased development activities, primarily for renewables and nrg evgo.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates nrg's equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates was $36 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $38 million for the same period in 2014, due primarily to lower income at watson, midway sunset, and saguaro, partially offset by nrg yield, inc.'s acquisition of desert sunlight.
impairment losses on investments in 2015, the company recorded other-than-temporary impairment losses on certain of its cost and equity-method investments of $56 million, as further described in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
(loss)/gain on sale of equity method investment in the fourth quarter of 2015, the company sold its 32% interest in altenex, as described in item 15 - note 3, business acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements. in connection with the sale the company received cash proceeds of $26 million and recorded a loss on the sale of $14 million.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, the company sold its investment in sabine, as described in item 15 - note 3, business acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements. in connection with the sale, the company received cash proceeds of $35 million and recorded a gain on the sale of $18 million.
gain/(loss) on debt extinguishment a gain on debt extinguishment of $75 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2015, primarily driven by the repurchase of nrg senior notes due 2023 and 2024, genon senior notes due 2020, and genon americas generation senior notes due 2021 and 2031 at a price below par value, combined with the write-off of unamortized premium. the repurchase of senior notes during 2015 will result in future interest savings of approximately $42 million annually.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, a loss of $95 million was recorded primarily due to the redemption premiums from the redemption of the 2019 senior notes. these gains/losses also included the write-off of previously deferred financing costs.
74
interest expense nrg's interest expense increased by $9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014 due to the following:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of eme in april 2014 and alta wind in august 2014                                  $51
increase for the 2022 senior notes issued in january 2014 and the 2024 senior notes issued in april 2014            24
increase due to issuance of the nrg yield operating llc 2024 senior notes issued in 2014                            17
decrease in derivative interest expense primarily from changes in fair value of interest rate swaps                (40      )
decrease due to the redemption of 7.625% and 8.5% senior notes due 2019                                            (38      )
other                                                                                                               (5      )
$9
income tax expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, nrg recorded income tax expense of $1,342 million on a pre-tax loss of $5,094 million. for the same period in 2014, nrg recorded an income tax expense of $3 million on pre-tax income of $135 million. the effective tax rate was (26.3)% and 2.2% for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, nrg's overall effective tax rate was different than the statutory rate of 35% primarily due to recording of a valuation allowance on the federal and certain state net deferred tax assets that may not be realizable under a "more likely than not" measurement. in addition, a portion of the book goodwill impairment is classified as a permanent reversal impacting the effective tax rate.
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                     2014
(in millionsexcept as otherwise stated)
(loss)/income before income taxes                             $(5,094       )                    $135
tax at 35%                                                     (1,783       )                      47
state taxes                                                      (218       )                       9
foreign operations                                                  1                               1
federal and state tax credits, excluding ptcs                      (5       )                      (1       )
valuation allowance                                             3,039                               6
book goodwill impairment                                          340                               -
impact of non-taxable entity earnings                             (10       )                     (11       )
net interest accrued on uncertain tax positions                    (3       )                      (2       )
production tax credits                                            (33       )                     (48       )
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                             (15       )                     (30       )
tax expense attributable to consolidated partnerships              12                               4
impact of change in effective state tax rate                       19                              22
other                                                              (2       )                       6
income tax expense                                             $1,342                              $3
effective income tax rate                                       (26.3      )%                     2.2       %
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740, income taxes, or asc 740. these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
75
net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests was $54 million for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to $2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014, the net losses attributable to noncontrolling interests primarily reflect losses allocated to tax equity investors using the hypothetical liquidation at book value, or hlbv, method, offset in part by nrg yield, inc.'s share of net income for the period.
76
consolidated results of operations
2014 compared to 2013
the following table provides selected financial information for the company:
year ended december 31,
(in millions except otherwise noted)                                                                               2014(a)                    2013          change %
operating revenues energy revenue (b)                                                                                            $5,422                  $3,530               54      %
capacity revenue (b)                                                                                           2,087                   1,800               16
retail revenue                                                                                                 7,376                   6,287               17
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                                   501                    (578     )        187
contract amortization                                                                                            (13     )               (31     )         58
other revenues (c)                                                                                               495                     287               72
total operating revenues                                                                                      15,868                  11,295               40
operating costs and expenses cost of sales (b)                                                                                              8,623                   6,272               37
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities                                                                   488                    (293     )        267
contract and emissions credit amortization (d)                                                                    31                      33               (6      )
operations and maintenance                                                                                     2,230                   1,789               25
other cost of operations                                                                                         422                     329               28
total cost of operations                                                                                      11,794                   8,130               45
depreciation and amortization                                                                                  1,523                   1,256               21
impairment losses                                                                                                 97                     459              (79      )
selling, general and administrative expense                                                                    1,027                     895               15
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs                                                             84                     128              (34      )
development costs                                                                                                 91                      84                8
total operating costs and expenses                                                                            14,616                  10,952               33
gain on sale of assets                                                                                            19                       -              n/a operating income                                                                                               1,271                     343              271
other income/(expense)
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates                                                                   38                       7              443
impairment losses on investments                                                                                   -                     (99     )        n/a other income, net                                                                                                 22                      13               69
gain on sale of equity-method investment                                                                          18                       -              n/a loss on debt extinguishment                                                                                      (95     )               (50     )         90
interest expense                                                                                              (1,119     )              (848     )         32
total other expense                                                                                           (1,136     )              (977     )         16
income/(loss) before income tax expense                                                                          135                    (634     )       (121      )
income tax expense/(benefit)                                                                                       3                    (282     )       (101      )
net income/(loss)                                                                                                132                    (352     )       (138      )
less: net (loss)/income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests          (2     )                34             (106      )
net income/(loss) attributable to nrg energy, inc.                                                              $134                   $(386     )       (135      )
business metrics average natural gas price - henry hub ($/mmbtu)                                                                $4.41                   $3.65               21      %
(a)   includes the results of eme from april 1, 2014, to december 31, 2014
(b)   includes realized gains and losses from financially settled transactions.
(c)   includes unrealized trading gains and losses.
(d)   includes amortization of so2 and nox credits and excludes amortization of rggi.
n/a - not applicable
77
management's discussion of the results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014, and 2013
economic gross margin the company evaluates its operating performance using the measure of economic gross margin, which is not a gaap measure and may not be comparable to other companies' presentations or deemed more useful than the gaap information provided elsewhere in this report. the company believes that economic gross margin is useful to investors as it is a key operational measure reviewed by the company's chief operating decision maker. economic gross margin is defined as the sum of energy revenue, capacity revenue, retail revenue and other revenue, less cost of sales.
economic gross margin excludes the following elements from gross margin: mark-to-market gains or losses on economic hedging activities, contract amortization and emission credit amortization.
the following tables present the composition of economic gross margin, business metrics and weather metrics for the years ended december 31, 2014, and 2013:
year ended december 31, 2014
nrg business      nrg home
(in millions except otherwise noted)                         gulf coast                east              west                 b2b      elim-inations                  subtotal      retail               solar                 nrg renew             nrg yield          elim-inations/corporate               total energy revenue                                             $2,711                $3,439              $326                  $-          $-                          $6,476           $-                   $-                   $384                  $270                      $(1,708         )          $5,422
capacity revenue                                              260                 1,269               257                   1          -                            1,787           -                    -                       1                   321                          (22         )           2,087
retail revenue                                                  -                     -                 -               1,870          -                            1,870           5,502            42                          -                     -                          (38         )           7,376
other revenue                                                  86                   107                 8                 189          (50           )      340                     -                    -                      39                   182                          (66         )             495
operating revenue                                           3,057                 4,815               591               2,060          (50           )             10,473           5,502            42                        424                   773                       (1,834         )          15,380
cost of fuels                                              (1,494     )          (1,841   )          (235   )               -          -                           (3,570    )      (16         )        -                      (4     )             (62     )                     75                    (3,577   )
other costs of sales                                         (293     )            (413   )           (31   )          (1,832   )      -                           (2,569    )      (4,207      )        (33     )              (7     )             (27     )                  1,797                    (5,046   )
economic gross margin                                      $1,270                $2,561              $325                $228          $(50          )             $4,334           $1,279               $9                   $413                  $684                          $38                    $6,757
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)(a)(b)                                 63,860                49,619             4,769                                                                                                                    4,026                 3,977
mwh generated (thousands)(c)                               59,872                51,191             4,241                                                                                                                    4,026                 6,108
electricity sales volume (gwh)                                                                                         21,816
average customer count (thousands, metered locations)                                                                      82
(a) mwh sold excludes generation at facilities that generate revenue under capacity agreements.
(b) does not include mwh of 205 thousand or mwt of 2,060 thousand for thermal sold by nrg yield.
(c) does not include mwh of 224 thousand or mwt of 2,060 thousand for thermal generation by nrg yield.
year ended december 31, 2013
nrg business                            nrg home
(in millions except otherwise noted)                         gulf coast               east              west                 b2b      elim-inations                  subtotal              retail       solar                 nrg renew             nrg yield          elim-inations/corporate               total energy revenue                                             $2,748               $2,439              $148                  $-          $-                          $5,335                  $-            $-                   $190                  $111                      $(2,106         )          $3,530
capacity revenue                                              372                1,075               265                   8          -                            1,720                   -            -                       -                   140                          (60         )           1,800
retail revenue                                                  -                    -                 -               1,909          -                            1,909               4,384            -                       -                     -                           (6         )           6,287
other revenue                                                  26                   78                 4                 132          (46           )      194                             7                4                  25                   137                          (80         )             287
operating revenue                                           3,146                3,592               417               2,049          (46           )              9,158               4,391                4                 215                   388                       (2,252         )          11,904
cost of fuels                                              (1,362     )         (1,351   )          (101   )              (1   )      -                           (2,815    )            (13    )       -                       -                   (42     )                     91                    (2,779   )
other costs of sales                                         (413     )           (179   )           (13   )          (1,800   )      -                           (2,405    )         (3,206    )       -                      (8     )             (26     )                  2,152                    (3,493   )
economic gross margin                                      $1,371               $2,062              $303                $248          $(46          )             $3,938              $1,172            $4                   $207                  $320                          $(9         )          $5,632
business metrics mwh sold (thousands)(a)(b)                                 63,643               34,888             1,534                                                                                                                    1,687                 1,221
mwh generated (thousands)(c)                               57,193               34,081             2,876                                                                                                                    1,687                 1,973
electricity sales volume (gwh)                                                                                        25,748
average customer count (thousands, metered locations)                                                                     99
(a) mwh sold excludes generation at facilities that generate revenue under capacity agreements.
(b) does not include mwh of 139 thousand or mwt of 1,679 thousand for thermal sold by nrg yield.
(c) does not include mwh of 139 thousand or mwt of 1,858 thousand for thermal generated by nrg yield.
78
year ended december 31, weather metrics      gulf coast (b)              east              west
2014
cdds (a)            2,737                  1,068             1,158
hdds (a)            2,157                  5,123             1,712
2013
cdds                2,787                  1,173               819
hdds                2,148                  4,852             2,272
10 year average cdds                2,885                  1,183               786
hdds                1,866                  4,691             2,464
(a) national oceanic and atmospheric administration-climate prediction center - a cooling degree day, or cdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is above 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. a heating degree day, or hdd, represents the number of degrees that the mean temperature for a particular day is below 65 degrees fahrenheit in each region. the cdds/hdds for a period of time are calculated by adding the cdds/hdds for each day during the period.
(b) cdds/hdds for the gulf coast region represent an average of cumulative population-weighted cdds/hdds for texas and the west south-central climate region.
nrg business economic gross margin nrg business economic gross margin increased by $400 million, including intercompany sales, during the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, due to:
(in millions)
decrease in gulf coast region         $(101      )
increase in east region                 499
increase in west region                  22
decrease in b2b                         (20      )
$400
the decrease in economic gross margin in the gulf coast region was driven by:
(in millions)
lower gross margin which reflects an increase in ercot merchant power prices, offset by the negative impact of hedges, partially offset by higher realized prices in miso         $(140      )
lower gross margin from bilateral contracts with load serving entities, including affiliates                                                                                        (35      )
higher gross margin from a 16% increase in nuclear generation driven by reduced unplanned outages                                                                                    35
higher gross margin from lower coal transportation costs and lower transmission expenses driven by the move to miso                                                                  30
change in commercial optimization activities and other                                                                                                                                9
$(101      )
the increase in economic gross margin in the east region was driven by:
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to the eme acquisition in april 2014                                                                                                                                 $297
higher gross margin primarily from a 5% increase in generation and a 6% increase in realized energy prices                                                                                    127
higher gross margin from a 33% increase in new york and new england hedged capacity prices. in new york, the higher prices were driven by the new lower hudson valley capacity zone            77
lower gross margin from a 7% decrease in pjm hedged capacity prices                                                                                                                           (35      )
change in commercial optimization activities and other                                                                                                                                         33
$499
79
the increase in economic gross margin in the west region was driven by:
(in millions)
higher gross margin due to the eme acquisition in april 2014                                                                                         $28
higher capacity gross margin due to increase in realized prices                                                                                       29
lower gross margin due to the deactivation of the contra costa facility in 2013 and other changes in contracted assets                               (23      )
lower energy gross margin due to a 26% decrease in generation primarily related to out-of-merit dispatch, offset by a 5% increase in price           (17      )
other                                                                                                                                                  5
$22
the decrease in b2b economic gross margin was driven by:
(in millions)
lower c&amp;i gross margin due to lower revenue rates                                         $(46          )
higher gross margin due to the acquisition of energy curtailment specialists in august 2013   24
other                                                                                         2
$(20          )
80
nrg home retail economic gross margin the following is a discussion of economic gross margin for nrg home retail.
selected income statement data years ended december 31,
(in millions except otherwise noted)                            2014                    2013
home retail revenue (a)                                 $5,269                  $4,257
supply management revenue                                  233                     134
operating revenues                                      $5,502                  $4,391
cost of sales (b)                                       (4,223     )            (3,219     )
economic gross margin                                   $1,279                  $1,172
business metrics electricity sales volume (gwh) - gulf coast             33,284                  29,784
electricity sales volume (gwh) - all other regions       8,218                   4,363
average nrg home customer count (in thousands) (c)       2,718                   2,190
nrg home customer count (in thousands) (c)               2,844                   2,217
(a)   includes intercompany sales of $9 million and $9 million, respectively
(b)   includes intercompany purchases of $1,846 million and $2,097 million, respectively.
(c)   excludes discrete customers.
nrg home retail economic gross margin increased $107 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, driven by:
(in millions)
increase in margins due to higher commodity, home and business services revenues offset by higher supply costs           $92
increase from the acquisition of dominion's competitive retail electric business in march 2014                            70
adverse weather impact due to higher supply costs on the incremental weather volumes in 2014 compared to 2013            (55      )
$107
nrg home solar economic gross margin nrg home solar had economic gross margin of $9 million in the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $4 million in the prior year. the increase related primarily to lease revenue from additional solar energy systems that began operating in 2014.
nrg renew economic gross margin nrg renew had economic gross margin of $413 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $207 million for the same period in 2013. the increase in economic gross margin was primarily the result of $102 million related to the cvsr and ivanpah projects which reached commercial operations in late 2013 and early 2014, respectively, and $70 million related to the projects within the renew segment that were acquired in the eme acquisition in april 2014.
nrg yield economic gross margin nrg yield had economic gross margin of $684 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to economic gross margin of $320 million for the same period in 2013. the increase was primarily due to $162 million from the acquisition of the january 2015 drop down assets and the november 2015 drop down assets, which were primarily acquired by nrg in april 2014, $109 million from marsh landing and el segundo energy center, which both reached commercial operations in 2013, $64 million from the acquisition of the alta wind assets in august 2014 and $15 million from the acquisition of energy systems company in december 2013.
81
mark-to-market for economic hedging activities mark-to-market for economic hedging activities includes asset-backed hedges that have not been designated as cash flow hedges and ineffectiveness on cash flow hedges. total net mark-to-market results increased by $298 million in the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013.
the breakdown of gains and losses included in operating revenues and operating costs and expenses by region are as follows:
year ended december 31, 2014
nrg business nrg home           gulf coast                   east      west             b2b              nrg renew            nrg yield            elimination(a)           total
(in millions)
mark-to-market results in operating revenues reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges   $-                 $(6         )             $10          $(5       )      $-               $1                   $-                   $(1           )          $(1       )
reversal of acquired (gain)/loss positions related to economic hedges                                         -                  -                        (325   )   1                   -                -                    -                    -                        $(324     )
net unrealized gains/(losses) on open positions related to economic hedges                                    -              510                   357                  (7        )      -             3                    2                       (39           )      826
total mark-to-market gains/(losses) in operating revenues                                                     $-                 $504                      $42          $(11      )      $-               $4                   $2                   $(40          )          $501
mark-to-market results in operating costs and expenses reversal of previously recognized unrealized (gains)/losses on settled positions related to economic hedges   $(25      )        $2                        $10          $-               $(2       )      $-                   -                    $1                       $(14      )
reversal of acquired (gain)/loss positions related to economic hedges                                         (17       )        -                 11                   -                (3        )      -                    -                    -                        (9        )
net unrealized (losses)/gains on open positions related to economic hedges                                    (295      )        (25         )             (20   )   1                   (166      )      -                    -                 40                          (465      )
total mark-to-market (losses)/gains in operating costs and expenses                                           $(337     )        $(23        )              $1          $1               $(171     )      $-                   $-                   $41                      $(488     )
(a)   represents the elimination of the intercompany activity between nrg home and nrg business.
mark-to-market results consist of unrealized gains and losses. the settlement of these transactions is reflected in the same caption as the items being hedged.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, the $501 million gain in operating revenues from economic hedge positions was driven primarily by an increase in the value of open positions as a result of decreases in natural gas prices partially offset by the reversal of previously recognized unrealized gains on acquired contracts that settled during the period. the $488 million loss in operating costs and expenses from economic hedge positions was driven primarily from a decrease in the value of open positions as a result of decreases in natural gas and coal prices.
82
in accordance with asc 815, the following table represents the results of the company's financial and physical trading of energy commodities for the years ended december 31, 2014, and 2013. the realized and unrealized financial and physical trading results are included in operating revenues. the company's trading activities are subject to limits within the company's risk management policy. beginning in april 2014, the company's trading activities were primarily transacted through betm.
year ended december 31,
2014                                       2013
(in millions)
trading gains/(losses)
realized                      $136                     $66
unrealized                      14                     (43     )
total trading gains           $150                     $23
operations and maintenance expense nrg business                                                               nrg home retail            nrg home solar           nrg renew            nrg yield            eliminations gulf coast            east                west             b2b                                               total
(in millions)
year ended december 31, 2014   $617                  $1,017              $141             $84             $197                       $11                      $116                 $131                 $(84          )            $2,230
year ended december 31, 2013   569               809                 150               69             160                            -                    30                    66                      (64           )             1,789
operations and maintenance expenses increased by $441 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, due to:
(in millions)
increase due to the acquisition of eme in april 2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             $310
increase for cvsr and ivanpah projects which reached commercial operations in late 2013 and early 2014                                                                                                                                                                                             78
increase in gulf coast operations and maintenance expense primarily related to the timing and scope of outages at stp and other texas plants, the acquisition of gregory in august 2013, as well as fixed asset disposals at stp and the w.a. parish and limestone coal plants in texas            60
increase due to the acquisition of the alta wind assets and energy systems company                                                                                                                                                                                                                 17
increase in operations and maintenance expense as marsh landing, el segundo, and other smaller projects reached commercial operations in 2013                                                                                                                                                      15
decrease in operations and maintenance expense for significant outages in 2013 at morgantown, seward, and cheswick which did not recur in 2014, lower plant deactivation costs for titus and sale of kendall                                                                                      (49      )
other                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              10
$441
other cost of operations other cost of operations, comprised of asset retirement expense, insurance expense, and property tax expense, increased by $93 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013 due to increased expenses related various projects reaching commercial operations in late 2013 and early 2014, as well as an increase in property tax expense related to the acquisition of eme in april 2014 and the alta wind assets in august 2014.
83
contract amortization revenue contract amortization represents the roll-off of in-market customer contracts valued under purchase accounting and the favorable change of $18 million, as compared to 2013, related primarily to the completion of the roll-off of certain customer contracts acquired in the reliant acquisition.
depreciation and amortization expense depreciation and amortization expense increased by $267 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, due primarily to the eme acquisition in april 2014, the alta wind acquisition in august 2014 and additional depreciation expense of $110 million as a result of el segundo, marsh landing and ivanpah reaching commercial operations in late 2013.
impairment losses in 2014, the company recorded impairment losses of $97 million related primarily to the osceola and coolwater facilities as further described in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
in the fourth quarter of 2013, the company recorded an impairment loss of $459 million related to the indian river facility. the impairment loss resulted from a change in management's long-term view on the economics of the facility, as further described in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses selling, marketing, general and administrative expenses are comprised of the following:
for the year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                           2014                        2013
selling and marketing expense                    $343                        $312
general and administrative expenses               684                         583
$1,027                        $895
selling and marketing expense increased $31 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, due primarily to the acquisitions of rds and pure energies, which provided nrg home solar with an installation team, internet, and telephonic sales team and certain sales channels.
general and administrative expenses increased $101 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, due in part to the acquisition of eme in april 2014 and the expansion of the nrg home solar business as well as the presentation of nrg home solar expenses as development in 2013.
acquisition-related transaction and integration costs nrg incurred transaction and integration costs of $84 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $128 million for the same period in 2013. the reduction in transaction and integration costs is due primarily to the substantial completion of the genon integration activities in 2013, offset by the acquisitions and integration costs of alta wind, dominion, and eme in 2014.
development costs nrg incurred development costs of $91 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $84 million for the same period in 2013. this increase in development costs relates primarily to an increase in renewable development expenses.
equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates nrg's equity in earnings of unconsolidated affiliates was $38 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to $7 million for the same period in 2013. the increase was due primarily to $13 million of income in 2014 from a long-term natural gas hedge entered into by saguaro in july 2013 compared to losses of $11 million in 2013, and $13 million resulting from the acquisition of eme in april 2014.
84
impairment losses on investments in the fourth quarter of 2013, the company recorded impairment losses of $99 million, primarily related to the company's gladstone equity method investment. the company determined that losses associated with the investments were other than temporary and accordingly, an impairment loss was recorded. impairments are discussed in more detail in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
gain on sale of equity-method investment in the fourth quarter of 2014, the company sold its investment in sabine, as described in item 15 - note 3, business acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements. in connection with the sale, the company received cash proceeds of $35 million and recorded a gain on sale of $18 million.
loss on debt extinguishment a loss on debt extinguishment of $95 million was recorded for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to a loss of $50 million in the year ended december 31, 2013. the loss in 2014 was primarily due to the redemption premiums from the redemption of the 2019 senior notes. the loss in 2013 included $28 million related to open market repurchases of the 2018 senior notes, 2019 senior notes and 2020 senior notes in the first quarter of 2013. these losses primarily consisted of the premiums paid on redemption and the write-off of previously deferred financing costs. in the second quarter of 2013, a $21 million loss on debt extinguishment was recorded and included $11 million related to the redemption of the 2014 genon senior notes, which consisted of redemption premiums offset by the write-off of the remaining unamortized premium, and $10 million related to the amendments to the senior credit facility, which consisted primarily of the write-off of previously deferred financing costs.
interest expense nrg's interest expense increased by $271 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013, due to the following:
(in millions)
increase for issuance of 2022 and 2024 senior notes in january and april 2014                                        $116
reduction to capitalized interest for projects placed in service                                                      102
increase in derivative interest expense primarily for the alpine interest rate swaps                                   46
increase for the acquisition of eme in april 2014                                                                      35
increase for the acquisition of alta wind in august 2014                                                               32
increase for issuance of nrg yield 2019 convertible notes and senior notes in february and august 2014                 23
increase in amortization of premium/discount                                                                           14
decrease for 7.625% and 8.5% senior notes due 2019 redeemed in the first, second and third quarters of 2014           (76      )
decrease for 7.625% genon senior notes due 2014 redeemed in june 2013                                                 (21      )
$271
85
income tax expense/(benefit)
for the year ended december 31, 2014, nrg recorded an income tax expense of $3 million on pre-tax income of $135 million. for the same period in 2013, nrg recorded an income tax benefit of $282 million on a pre-tax loss of $634 million. the effective tax rate was 2.2% and 44.5% for the years ended december 31, 2014, and 2013, respectively.
for the year ended december 31, 2014, nrg's overall effective tax rate was different than the statutory rate of 35% primarily due to the generation of ptcs generated from various wind facilities including assets acquired in the eme transaction and a benefit resulting from the recognition of uncertain tax benefits, partially offset by state and local income taxes including a change in the effective tax rate.
year ended december 31,
2014                                                                                                                  2013
(in millionsexcept as otherwise stated)
income/(loss) before income taxes                                             $135                           $(634       )
tax at 35%                                                                      47                            (222       )
state taxes                                                                      9                              19
foreign operations                                                               1                               5
federal and state tax credits, excluding ptcs                                   (1       )                     (36       )
valuation allowance                                                              6                              (5       )
expiration/utilization of capital losses                                         -                              10
reversal of valuation allowance on expired/utilized capital losses               -                             (10       )
impact of non-taxable entity earnings                                          (11       )                     (14       )
net interest accrued on uncertain tax positions                                 (2       )                      (3       )
production tax credits                                                         (48       )                     (14       )
recognition of uncertain tax benefits                                          (30       )                     (11       )
tax expense attributable to consolidated partnerships                            4                               8
impact of change in effective state tax rate                                    22                             (21       )
other                                                                            6                              12
income tax expense/(benefit)                                                    $3                           $(282       )
effective income tax rate                                                      2.2       %                    44.5       %
the effective income tax rate may vary from period to period depending on, among other factors, the geographic and business mix of earnings and losses and changes in valuation allowances in accordance with asc 740. these factors and others, including the company's history of pre-tax earnings and losses, are taken into account in assessing the ability to realize deferred tax assets.
net (loss)/income attributable to noncontrolling interests and redeemable noncontrolling interests net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was $2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to net income attributable to noncontrolling interest of $34 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. during 2014, income attributable to noncontrolling interests in the ivanpah and agua caliente projects and nrg yield, inc. were offset by the share of net losses allocated to tax equity investors in the nrg home solar and wind tax equity arrangements using the hlbv method.
86
liquidity and capital resources liquidity position as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, nrg's liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, was approximately $3.3 billion and $3.9 billion, respectively, comprised of the following:
as of december 31,
2015                                                                                                      2014
(in millions)
cash and cash equivalents:
nrg excluding nrg yield and genon                                              $742                  $767
nrg yield and subsidiaries                                                      111                   429
genon and subsidiaries                                                          665                   920
restricted cash - operating                                                     127                   203
restricted cash - reserves (a)                                                  287                   254
total                                                                         1,932                 2,573
total credit facility availability                                            1,373                 1,367
total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties      $3,305                $3,940
(a)   includes reserves primarily for debt service, performance obligations, and capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2015, total liquidity, excluding collateral funds deposited by counterparties, decreased by $635 million. changes in cash and cash equivalent balances are further discussed hereinafter under the heading cash flow discussion. cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2015, were predominantly held in money market funds invested in treasury securities, treasury repurchase agreements or government agency debt.
management believes that the company's liquidity position and cash flows from operations will be adequate to finance operating and maintenance capital expenditures, to fund dividends to nrg's common and preferred stockholders, and other liquidity commitments. management continues to regularly monitor the company's ability to finance the needs of its operating, financing and investing activity within the dictates of prudent balance sheet management.
restricted payments tests of the $1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents of the company as of december 31, 2015, $299 million and $192 million were held by genon mid-atlantic and rema, respectively. the ability of certain of genon's and genon americas generation's subsidiaries to pay dividends and make distributions is restricted under the terms of certain agreements, including the genon mid-atlantic and rema operating leases.  under their respective operating leases, genon mid-atlantic and rema are not permitted to make any distributions and other restricted payments unless:  (a) they satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio for the most recently ended period of four fiscal quarters; (b) they are projected to satisfy the fixed charge coverage ratio for each of the two following periods of four fiscal quarters, commencing with the fiscal quarter in which such payment is proposed to be made; and (c) no significant lease default or event of default has occurred and is continuing.  in addition, prior to making a dividend or other restricted payment, rema must be in compliance with the requirement to provide credit support to the owner lessors securing its obligation to pay scheduled rent under its leases. based on genon mid-atlantic's and rema's most recent calculations of these tests, genon mid-atlantic and rema did not satisfy the restricted payments tests. as a result, as of december 31, 2015, genon mid-atlantic and rema could not make distributions of cash and certain other restricted payments. each of genon mid-atlantic and rema may recalculate its fixed charge coverage ratios from time to time and, subject to compliance with the restricted payments test described above, make dividends or other restricted payments.
to the extent genon mid-atlantic or rema are able to pay dividends to genon, the genon senior notes due 2018 and 2020 and the related indentures restrict the ability of genon to incur additional liens and make certain restricted payments, including dividends. in the event of a default or if restricted payment tests are not satisfied, genon would not be able to distribute cash to its parent, nrg. at december 31, 2015, genon did not meet the consolidated debt ratio component of the restricted payments test.
87
as disclosed in item 15 - note 12, debt and capital leases, to the consolidated financial statements, certain of genon's senior unsecured notes mature in 2017 and 2018. if genon is not able to refinance these notes prior to their maturities, it may have an adverse impact on genon's financial position. genon will consider all options available to it, including refinancing the notes, potential sales of certain generating assets or issuances of new debt securities. given current economic and market conditions, including the depressed commodity markets, genon may be unable to complete these actions on a timely basis or on satisfactory terms or at all. these actions also may not be sufficient to enable genon to continue to satisfy its related cash commitments as they become due.
genon's financial position continues to be adversely affected by a sustained decline in natural gas prices and its resulting effect on wholesale power prices.  in addition, genon mid-atlantic and rema are currently unable to make distributions of cash and certain other restricted payments to genon. if gas and power prices remain depressed, genon may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to meets its long-term liquidity requirements, including operating, maintenance and capital expenditures and debt service payments.
credit ratings credit rating agencies rate a firm's public debt securities. these ratings are utilized by the debt markets in evaluating a firm's credit risk. ratings influence the price paid to issue new debt securities by indicating to the market the company's ability to pay principal, interest and preferred dividends. rating agencies evaluate a firm's industry, cash flow, leverage, liquidity, and hedge profile, among other factors, in their credit analysis of a firm's credit risk.
on october 2, 2015, standard & poor's, or s&p, lowered its corporate credit ratings on genon, genon mid-atlantic, rema and genon americas generation to ccc+ from b-. the ratings outlook for genon, genon mid-atlantic, rema and genon americas generation is stable. s&p also lowered the issue ratings on the genon senior notes, the pass-through certificates at genon mid-atlantic and the genon americas generation senior notes to b- from b. the issue rating on the pass-through certificates of rema was lowered by s&p to b from b+.
on september 18, 2015, s&p reaffirmed its corporate credit ratings on nrg yield, inc. and the senior notes due 2024. the rating outlook is stable. on october 6, 2015, moody's lowered its corporate credit ratings on nrg yield, inc. and the nrg yield operating llc senior notes due 2024 to ba2 from ba1, respectively. the rating outlook is stable.
on october 21, 2015, s&p reaffirmed its corporate credit ratings on nrg energy, inc. and its secured and unsecured debt.
the following table summarizes the credit ratings as of december 31, 2015:
s&amp;p      moody's nrg energy, inc.                                          bb- stable   ba3 stable
7.625% senior notes, due 2018                             bb-          b1
8.25% senior notes, due 2020                              bb-          b1
7.875% senior notes, due 2021                             bb-          b1
6.25% senior notes, due 2022                              bb-          b1
6.625% senior notes, due 2023                             bb-          b1
6.25% senior notes, due 2024                              bb-          b1
term loan facility, due 2018                              bb+          baa3
genon 7.875% senior notes, due 2017                       b-           b3
genon 9.500% senior notes, due 2018                       b-           b3
genon 9.875% senior notes, due 2020                       b-           b3
genon americas generation 8.500% senior notes, due 2021   b-           caa1
genon americas generation 9.125% senior notes, due 2031   b-           caa1
nrg yield, inc.                                           bb+ stable   ba2 stable
5.375% nrg yield operating llc senior notes, due 2024     bb+          ba2
sources of liquidity the principal sources of liquidity for nrg's future operating and capital expenditures are expected to be derived from new and existing financing arrangements, existing cash on hand, cash flows from operations and cash proceeds from future sales of assets to nrg yield, inc. as described in item 15 - note 12, debt and capital leases, to the consolidated financial statements, the company's financing arrangements consist mainly of the senior credit facility, the senior notes, the genon senior notes, the genon americas generation senior notes, the nrg yield 2019 convertible notes, the nrg yield 2020 convertible notes, the yield operating senior unsecured notes, the nrg yield, inc. revolving credit facility, and project-related financings.
88
the company is currently executing several cost reduction initiatives including: (i) planned annual cost savings of $150 million through the streamlining of administrative, marketing and development functions in 2016; (ii) an annual cost reduction of $100 million associated with the company's operations and maintenance spend in 2016; and (iii) a reduction in nrg's capital expenditure program of approximately $100 million through the elimination of certain fuel conversion projects at genon plants.
cash proceeds from nrg yield, inc. class c common stock and convertible notes on june 29, 2015, nrg yield, inc. issued 28,198,000 shares of its class c common stock for net proceeds of $599 million and closed on its offering of $287.5 million aggregate principal amount of 3.25% convertible senior notes due 2020, or the nrg yield 2020 convertible notes. the nrg yield 2020 convertible notes are convertible, under certain circumstances, into nrg yield, inc. class c common stock, cash or a combination thereof at an initial conversion price of $27.50 per class c common share, which is equivalent to an initial conversion rate of approximately 36.3636 shares of class c common stock per $1,000 principal amount of notes. the proceeds from the class c common stock and the nrg yield 2020 convertible notes issuances were used to fund the purchase of 25% of the membership interest in desert sunlight investment holdings, llc and to repay all of the outstanding project indebtedness associated with the alta x and alta xi wind facilities.
cash proceeds from sale of assets to nrg yield, inc.
on november 3, 2015, the company sold 75% of the class b interests of nrg wind te holdco, which owns a portfolio of twelve wind facilities totaling 814 net mw, to nrg yield, inc. for total cash consideration of $209 million, subject to working capital adjustments. nrg yield, inc. is responsible for its pro-rata share of non-recourse project debt of $193 million and noncontrolling interest associated with a tax equity structure of $159 million (as of the acquisition date). in february 2016, the company made a final working capital payment of $2 million to nrg yield, inc. reducing total cash consideration to $207 million.
the sale was recorded as a transfer of entities under common control and the related assets were transferred at carrying value. nrg yield, inc. utilized borrowings under its revolving credit facility to fund the acquisition.
on january 2, 2015, the company sold the following facilities to nrg yield, inc.: (i) walnut creek, a 485 mw natural gas facility located in city of industry, california; (ii) the tapestry projects, which include buffalo bear, a 19 mw wind facility in buffalo, oklahoma; pinnacle, a 55 mw wind facility in keyser, west virginia; and taloga, a 130 mw wind facility in putnam, oklahoma; and (iii) laredo ridge, an 80 mw wind facility located in petersburg, nebraska. nrg yield, inc. paid total cash consideration of $489 million, including $9 million of working capital adjustments, plus assumed project level debt of $737 million. the sale was recorded as a transfer of entities under common control and the related assets were transferred at carrying value. nrg yield, inc. utilized cash on hand and borrowings of $210 million under its revolving credit facility to fund the acquisition.
89
rofo assets the company entered into the rofo agreement with nrg yield, inc., under which the company has granted nrg yield, inc. and its affiliates a right of first offer on any proposed sale, transfer or other disposition of certain assets of the company for a period of seven years from may 14, 2015. in addition to the assets described in the table below, which reflects the remaining assets subject to sale, the rofo agreement also provides nrg yield, inc. with a right of first offer with respect to up to $250 million of equity in one or more residential or distributed solar generation portfolios developed by affiliates of the company.
asset                    fuel type          rated capacity(mw)(a)              cod cvsr(b)                  solar                                128             2013
ivanpah(c)               solar                                193             2013
agua caliente(d)         solar                                148             2014
carlsbad                 conventional                         527             2018
puente/mandalay          conventional                         262             2020
te wind holdco(e):
elkhorn ridge            wind                                  13             2009
san juan mesa            wind                                  22             2005
wildorado                wind                                  40             2007
crosswinds               wind                                   5             2007
forward                  wind                                   7             2008
hardin                   wind                                   4             2007
odin                     wind                                   5             2007
sleeping bear            wind                                  24             2007
spanish fork             wind                                   5             2008
goat wind                wind                                  37        2008/2009
lookout                  wind                                   9             2008
elbow creek              wind                                  30             2008
community                wind                                  30             2011
jeffers                  wind                                  50             2008
minnesota portfolio(f)   wind                                  40        2003/2006
(a) represents the maximum, or rated, electricity generating capacity of the facility in mw multiplied by the company's percentage ownership interest in the facility as of december 31, 2015.
(b) represents the company's remaining 51.05% ownership interest in cvsr.
(c) represents 49.95% of the company's 50.01% ownership interest in ivanpah. following a sale of this 49.95% interest, the remaining 50.05% of ivanpah would be owned by the company, google inc. and brightsource energy inc.
(d) represents the company's 51% ownership interest in agua caliente. the remaining 49% of agua caliente is owned by midamerican energy holdings inc.
(e)  represents the company's remaining 25% of the class b interests of nrg wind te holdco. nrg yield, inc. acquired 75% of the class b interests in november 2015. a tax equity investor owns the class a interests in nrg wind te holdco.
(f) includes bingham lake, eastridge, and westridge projects.
cash grants as of december 31, 2015, the company had a net renewable energy grant receivable of $13 million, net of sequestration. the receivable balance reflects a reduction as compared to the december 31, 2014, balance of $135 million, net of sequestration, due primarily to a cash grant of approximately $51 million awarded by the u.s. treasury department to the company for the ivanpah project in june 2015 as well as the establishment of an indemnity receivable in the amount of $75 million relating to the agreement the company has with sunpower relating to the cvsr project in the first quarter of 2015.
90
indemnity receivable the company has a receivable of $75 million pursuant to an indemnity agreement the company has with sunpower relating to the cvsr project.  pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement for the cvsr project between nrg and sunpower, sunpower agreed to indemnify nrg up to $75 million if the u.s. treasury department made certain determinations and awarded a reduced 1603 cash grant for the project.  sunpower has refused to honor its contractual indemnification obligation.  as a result, on march 19, 2014, nrg filed a lawsuit against sunpower in california state court, alleging breach of contract and also seeking a declaratory judgment that sunpower has breached its indemnification obligation.  nrg is seeking $75 million in damages from sunpower. on april 2, 2015, sunpower filed its answer to the lawsuit and also a cross-complaint alleging that nrg owes sunpower $7.5 million as a result of sunpower having paid more than its required share to cover the repayment of the doe cash grant bridge loans. in july 2015, nrg filed its answer to the cross-complaint. the court has set this case for trial on january 17, 2017.
first lien structure nrg has granted first liens to certain counterparties on a substantial portion of the company's assets, excluding assets acquired in the genon and eme (including midwest generation) acquisitions, assets held by nrg yield, inc. and nrg's assets that have project-level financing. nrg uses the first lien structure to reduce the amount of cash collateral and letters of credit that it would otherwise be required to post from time to time to support its obligations under out-of-the-money hedge agreements for forward sales of power or gas used as a proxy for power. to the extent that the underlying hedge positions for a counterparty are out-of-the-money to nrg, the counterparty would have claim under the first lien program. the first lien program limits the volume that can be hedged, not the value of underlying out-of-the-money positions. the first lien program does not require nrg to post collateral above any threshold amount of exposure. within the first lien structure, the company can hedge up to 80% of its coal and nuclear capacity, excluding genon coal capacity, and 10% of its other assets, excluding genon's other assets, with these counterparties for the first 60 months and then declining thereafter. net exposure to a counterparty on all trades must be positively correlated to the price of the relevant commodity for the first lien to be available to that counterparty. the first lien structure is not subject to unwind or termination upon a ratings downgrade of a counterparty and has no stated maturity date.
the company's first lien counterparties may have a claim on its assets to the extent market prices exceed the hedged prices. as of december 31, 2015, all hedges under the first liens were in-the-money on a counterparty aggregate basis.
the following table summarizes the amount of mw hedged against the company's coal and nuclear assets and as a percentage relative to the company's coal and nuclear capacity under the first lien structure as of december 31, 2015:
equivalent net sales secured by first lien structure (a)           2016        2017        2018   2019
in mw (b)                                                    2,488          936          95           -
as a percentage of total net coal and nuclear capacity (c)      43   %       16   %       2   %       -   %
(a)   equivalent net sales include natural gas swaps converted using a weighted average heat rate by region.
(b)   2016 mw value consists of february through december positions only.
(c)   net coal and nuclear capacity represents 80% of the company's total coal and nuclear assets eligible under the first lien, which excludes coal assets acquired in the genon and eme (including midwest generation) acquisitions, assets in nrg yield, inc. and nrg's assets that have project-level financing.
uses of liquidity the company's requirements for liquidity and capital resources, other than for operating its facilities, can generally be categorized by the following: (i) commercial operations activities; (ii) debt service obligations, as described more fully in item 15 - note 12, debt and capital leases, to the consolidated financial statements; (iii) capital expenditures, including repowering and renewable development, and environmental; and (iv) allocations in connection with the capital allocation program including acquisitions, debt repayments, return of capital and dividend payments to stockholders, as described in item 15 - note 15, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements.
91
commercial operations the company's commercial operations activities require a significant amount of liquidity and capital resources. these liquidity requirements are primarily driven by: (i) margin and collateral posted with counterparties; (ii) margin and collateral required to participate in physical markets and commodity exchanges; (iii) timing of disbursements and receipts (i.e. buying fuel before receiving energy revenues); (iv) initial collateral for large structured transactions; and (v) collateral for project development. as of december 31, 2015, commercial operations had total cash collateral outstanding of $568 million, and $768 million outstanding in letters of credit to third parties primarily to support its commercial activities for both wholesale and retail transactions (includes a $37 million letter of credit relating to deposits at the puct that cover outstanding customer deposits and residential advance payments). as of december 31, 2015, total collateral held from counterparties was $106 million in cash, and $184 million of letters of credit.
future liquidity requirements may change based on the company's hedging activities and structures, fuel purchases, and future market conditions, including forward prices for energy and fuel and market volatility. in addition, liquidity requirements are dependent on the company's credit ratings and general perception of its creditworthiness.
92
debt service obligations principal payments on debt and capital leases as of december 31, 2015, are due in the following periods:
description                                                                    2016                2017                2018                2019                2020            thereafter               total
(in millions)
nrg recourse debt:
senior notes, due 2018                                                       $-                  $-              $1,039                  $-                  $-                  $-                $1,039
senior notes, due 2020                                                        -                   -                   -                   -               1,058                   -                 1,058
senior notes, due 2021                                                        -                   -                   -                   -                   -               1,128                 1,128
senior notes, due 2022                                                        -                   -                   -                   -                   -               1,100                 1,100
senior notes, due 2023                                                        -                   -                   -                   -                   -                 936                   936
senior notes, due 2024                                                        -                   -                   -                   -                   -                 904                   904
term loan facility, due 2018                                                 20                  20               1,927                   -                   -                   -                 1,967
tax-exempt bonds                                                              -                   -                   -                   -                   -                 455                   455
subtotal nrg recourse debt                                                   20                  20               2,966                   -               1,058               4,523                 8,587
nrg non-recourse debt:
genon senior notes                                                            -                 692                 649                   -                 489                   -                 1,830
genon americas generation senior notes                                        -                   -                   -                   -                   -                 695                   695
genon other                                                                   4                   4                   4                   3                   4                  37                    56
subtotal genon debt (non-recourse to nrg)                                     4                 696                 653                   3                 493                 732                 2,581
yield operating llc senior notes, due 2024                                    -                   -                   -                   -                   -                 500                   500
yield llc and yield operating llc revolving credit facility, due 2019         -                   -                   -                 306                   -                   -                   306
yield inc. convertible senior notes, due 2019                                 -                   -                   -                 345                   -                   -                   345
yield inc. convertible senior notes, due 2020                                 -                   -                   -                   -                 287                   -                   287
el segundo energy center, due 2023                                           42                  43                  48                  49                  53                 250                   485
marsh landing, due 2017 and 2023                                             48                  52                  55                  57                  60                 146                   418
alta wind i-v lease financing arrangements, due 2034 and 2035                37                  39                  40                  42                  44                 800                 1,002
walnut creek, term loans due 2023                                            41                  43                  45                  47                  49                 126                   351
tapestry, due 2021                                                            9                  10                  11                  11                  11                 129                   181
laredo ridge, due 2028                                                        5                   5                   5                   5                   6                  78                   104
alpine, due 2022                                                              9                   9                   8                   8                   8                 112                   154
energy center minneapolis, due 2017 and 2025                                 12                  13                   7                  11                  11                  54                   108
viento, due 2023                                                             11                  13                  16                  18                  16                 115                   189
yield other                                                                  27                  25                  25                  28                  68                 296                   469
subtotal nrg yield debt (non-recourse to nrg)                               241                 252                 260                 927                 613               2,606                 4,899
ivanpah, due 2033 and 2038                                                   37                  39                  40                  42                  44                 947                 1,149
agua caliente, due 2037                                                      30                  31                  32                  33                  34                 719                   879
cvsr, due 2037                                                               23                  25                  26                  24                  21                 674                   793
dandan, due 2033                                                             20                   4                   4                   4                   4                  62                    98
peaker bonds, due 2019                                                       33                  35                   8                   -                   -                   -                    76
cedro hill, due 2025                                                          6                  10                  10                   9                  11                  57                   103
nrg other                                                                    66                  37                   5                   7                   9                 191                   315
subtotal other nrg non-recourse debt                                        215                 181                 125                 119                 123               2,650                 3,413
subtotal all non-recourse debt                                              460               1,129               1,038               1,049               1,229               5,988                10,893
subtotal long-term debt                                                     480               1,149               4,004               1,049               2,287              10,511                19,480
capital leases:
home solar capital leases                                                     3                   3                   3                   3                   1                   -                    13
other                                                                         1                   1                   1                   -                   -                   -                     3
subtotal nrg capital leases                                                   4                   4                   4                   3                   1                   -                    16
total debt and capital leases                                              $484              $1,153              $4,008              $1,052              $2,288             $10,511                19,496
in addition to the debt and capital leases shown in the above table, nrg had issued $1.1 billion of letters of credit under the company's $2.5 billion revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2015.
93
capital expenditures the following tables and descriptions summarize the company's capital expenditures for maintenance, environmental, and growth investments, for the year ended december 31, 2015, and the estimated capital expenditure and growth investments forecast for 2016.
maintenance       environmental                  growth investments               total
(in millions)
nrg business gulf coast                                                                                     $193             $65                                  $20                     $278
east                                                                                            155                     209                           94                      458
west                                                                                              5             -                                     25                       30
b2b                                                                                               5             -                                      1                        6
nrg home retail                                                                                  30             -                                      -                       30
nrg home solar                                                                                    5             -                                    135                      140
nrg renew                                                                                        11             -                                    208                      219
nrg yield                                                                                        20             -                                      9                       29
corporate                                                                                        37             -                                     56                       93
total cash capital expenditures for the year ended december 31, 2015, net of financings         461                     274                          548                    1,283
other investments(a)                                                                              -             -                                    506                      506
funding from debt financing and nrg yield, inc. equity issuance, net of fees                      -             (37           )                     (409        )            (446   )
funding from third party equity partners and cash grants                                        (33     )       -                                   (188        )            (221   )
total capital expenditures and investments, net of financings                                   428                     237                          457                    1,122
estimated capital expenditures for 2016                                                         460                     304                          694                    1,458
other investments                                                                                 -             -                                     61                       61
funding from debt financing, net of fees                                                          -             -                                   (315        )            (315   )
funding from third party equity partners and cash grants                                          -             -                                     (4        )              (4   )
nrg estimated capital expenditures for 2016, net of financings                                 $460             $304                                $436                   $1,200
(a) other investments include restricted cash activity and $285 million for the acquisition of a 25% interest in the desert sunlight solar farm.
•   environmental capital expenditures - for the year ended december 31, 2015, the company's environmental capital expenditures included dsi/esp upgrades at the avon lake, powerton and waukegan facilities and the joliet gas conversion to satisfy il cps; controls to satisfy mats and the nsr settlement at the big cajun ii facility; mercury controls at the w.a. parish facility; and nox controls for the sayreville and gilbert facilities.
•   growth investments capital expenditures - for the year ended december 31, 2015, the company's growth investment capital expenditures included $343 million for solar projects, $94 million for fuel conversions, $45 million for repowering projects, $9 million for thermal projects and $57 million for the company's other growth projects.
environmental capital expenditures estimate nrg estimates that environmental capital expenditures from 2016 through 2020 required to comply with environmental laws will be approximately $350 million, which includes $68 million for genon and $263 million for midwest generation. these costs, the majority of which will be expended by the end of 2016, are primarily associated with (i) dsi/esp upgrades at the powerton facility and the joliet gas conversion to satisfy the il cps and (ii) mats compliance at the avon lake facility.
in connection with the acquisition of eme, as further described in item 15 -note 3, business acquisitions and dispositions, to the consolidated financial statements, nrg committed to fund up to $350 million in capital expenditures for plant modifications at powerton and joliet to comply with environmental regulations. the expected costs of these projects are included in the environmental capital expenditures detailed above.
94
the table below summarizes the status of nrg's coal fleet with respect to air quality controls. planned investments are either in construction or budgeted in the existing capital expenditures budget. changes to regulations could result in changes to planned installation dates. nrg uses an integrated approach to fuels, controls and emissions markets to meet environmental standards.
so2                                     nox                                       mercury                                 particulate units (a)             state   control equipment        install date   control equipment          install date   control equipment        install date   control equipment                install date avon 9                oh      dsi                              2016   lnbofa                             2004   aci/esp                          2016   esp/upgrade                         1970/2016
big cajun ii 1        la      dsi                              2015   lnbofa/ sncr                  2005/2014   aci                              2015   esp/upgrade                         1981/2015
big cajun ii 2        la      gas conversion                   2015   lnbofa/ sncr                  2004/2014   gas conversion                   2015   gas conversion                           2015
big cajun ii 3        la      pal                              2013   lnbofa/ sncr                  2002/2014   aci                              2015   esp/upgrade                         1983/2015
chalk point 1         md      fgd                              2009   scr                                2008   fgd/esp                          2009   esp/upgrade                         1964/1980
chalk point 2         md      fgd                              2009   sacr                               2006   fgd/esp                          2009   esp/upgrade                         1964/1980
cheswick 1            pa      fgd                              2010   scr                                2003   fgd/esp                          2010   esp                                      1970
conemaugh 1-2         pa      fgd                          1994, 95   scr                                2014   fgd/esp/scr              1994,95/2014   esp                                1970, 1971
dickerson 1-3         md      fgd                              2009   sncr                               2009   fgd/ff                           2009   esp/ff                    1959,1960,1962/2003
huntley 67-68         ny      dsi/ff                           2009   lnbofa/sncr                   1995/2009   aci                              2009   ff                                       2009
indian river 4        de      cds                              2011   lnbofa/scr                    1999/2011   aci                              2008   esp/ff                              1980/2011
joliet 6              il      gas conversion                   2016   ofa/sncr                      2000/2012   gas conversion                   2016   gas conversion                           2016
joliet 7,8            il      gas conversion                   2016   lnbofa/sncr                2000,01/2012   gas conversion                   2016   gas conversion                           2016
keystone 1-2          pa      fgd                              2009   scr                                2003   fgd/esp/scr                      2003   esp                                1967, 1968
limestone 1-2         tx      fgd                           1985-86   lnbofa/ sncr             2002/2022,2023   aci                              2015   esp                                 1985-1986
morgantown 1-2        md      fgd                              2009   scr                           2007-2008   fgd/esp                          2009   esp                                1970, 1971
powerton 5            il      dsi                              2016   ofa/sncr                      2003/2012   aci                              2009   esp/upgrade                         1973/2016
powerton 6            il      dsi                              2014   ofa/sncr                      2002/2012   aci                              2009   esp/upgrade                         1976/2014
w.a. parish 5, 6, 7   tx      ff co-benefit                    1988   scr                                2004   aci                              2015   ff                                       1988
w.a. parish 8(b)      tx      fgd                              1982   scr                                2004   aci                              2015   ff                                       1988
waukegan 7            il      dsi                              2014   lnbofa                             2002   aci                              2008   esp/upgrade                   1958/2002, 2014
waukegan 8            il      dsi                              2015   lnbofa                             1999   aci                              2008   esp/upgrade                   1962/1999, 2015
will county 4         il      none                             none   lnbofa/sncr              1999,2001/2012   aci                              2009   esp/upgrade                      1963,72/2000
(a) nrg plans to add natural gas capabilities at its new castle, shawville, and joliet facilities in 2016,
(b) unit expected to be converted into a cogeneration facility to provide power and steam to the petra nova ccf.
aci - activated carbon injectioncds - circulating dry scrubberdsi - dry sorbent injection with tronaesp - electrostatic precipitatorfgd - flue gas desulfurization (wet)ff- fabric filter   fbl - fluidized bed limestone injectionlnbofa - low nox burner with overfire airpal - plantwide applicability limit scr - selective catalytic reductionsacr - selective auto-catalytic reductionsncr - selective non-catalytic reduction
95
the following table summarizes the estimated environmental capital expenditures for the referenced periods by region:
gulf coast          east - legacy nrg          east - genon                   east - mwg         total
(in millions)
2016      $-                  $-                         $62                        $242                $304
2017      -                   -                          -                             6                   6
2018      -              1                               -                             8                   9
2019            7             -                                    1                   -                   8
2020           10             -                                    5                   8                  23
total      $17                 $1                         $68                        $264                $350
nrg's current contracts with the company's rural electrical customers in the gulf coast region allow for recovery of a portion of the regions' capital costs once in operation, along with a capital return incurred by complying with any change in law, including interest over the asset life of the required expenditures. the actual recoveries will depend, among other things, on the timing of the completion of the capital projects and the remaining duration of the contracts.
common stock dividends the following table lists the dividends paid during 2015:
fourth quarter 2015        third quarter 2015         second quarter 2015        first quarter 2015
dividends per common share   $0.145                     $0.145                     $0.145                     $0.145
on january 18, 2016, nrg declared a quarterly dividend on the company's common stock of $0.145 per share, or $0.58 per share on an annualized basis, payable on february 16, 2016, to stockholders of record as of february 1, 2016. the company's common stock dividends are subject to available capital, market conditions, and compliance with associated laws and regulations. on february 29, 2016, the company announced a reduction in its common stock dividend to $0.12 per share on an annualized basis.
preferred stock dividend payments for the year ended december 31, 2015, nrg paid $9 million in dividend payments to holders of the company's 2.822% preferred stock.
capital allocation program the company's plan to allocate capital during 2016 is as follows:
•   debt reduction. the company expects to allocate approximately seventy five percent (75%) of its capital available for allocation during 2016 to additional debt repurchases. the company may complete this action through cash purchases, exchange offers, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise, depending on prevailing market conditions, the company's liquidity requirements and other factors.
•   growth investments. the company intends to use a portion of capital available for allocation during 2016 to complete its fuel repowerings, conversions and renewable investments.
•   common stock dividends. on february 29, 2016, the company announced a reduction in its common stock dividend to $0.12 per share on an annualized basis. the decision to reduce the common stock dividend is a proactive measure taken by the company in order to reallocate capital in accordance with the priorities set forth in this section.
the company will continue to monitor market conditions in light of the company's 2016 capital allocation program to determine if adjustments are necessary in the future.
96
share repurchases the following table shows the company's share repurchases under the 2015 capital allocation program. the purchases of common stock were made using cash on hand. under the company's 2016 capital allocation program, the company has not allocated capital for any additional share repurchases at this time.
board authorized share repurchases                   amount authorized                                                                                     repurchases        total repurchases through december 31, 2015
(in millions, except share and per share data)                 q4 2014            q1 2015            q2 2015            q3 2015              q4 2015
initial phase (authorized q4 2014)                        $100                   $44                $56                 $-                   $-                 $-                                  $100
second phase (authorized q1 2015)                          100                     -                 23                 77                    -                  -                                   100
supplemental (authorized q2 2015)                           81                     -                  -                 30                   51                  -                                    81
reset (authorized q3 2015)                                 200                     -                  -                  -                  116                 84                                   200
total                                                     $481                   $44                $79               $107                 $167                $84                                  $481
average price per share                                                       $26.95             $25.15             $24.53               $15.06             $15.03                                $18.64
shares repurchased                                                         1,624,360          3,146,484          4,379,907           11,104,184          5,558,920                            25,813,855
quarterly dividends                                                              $47                $49                $48                  $48                $46                                  $238
total capital returned to shareholders                                           $91               $128               $155                 $215               $130                                  $719
debt reduction the following table lists the repurchases of senior notes in 2015 in open market transactions:
senior note repurchases            principal redeemed (in millions)              cash paid (a) (in millions)        average early redemption percentage nrg energy, inc.
7.625% senior notes due 2018                            $92                                       $97                                                102.23%
8.250% senior notes due 2020                              5                                         5                                                 96.50%
6.625% senior notes due 2023                             54                                        82                                                 85.97%
6.6250% senior notes due 2024                             95                                        47                                                 84.73%
genon energy, inc.
7.875% senior notes due 2017                             33                                        33                                                 95.17%
9.500% senior notes due 2018                             25                                        23                                                 90.95%
9.875% senior notes due 2020                             61                                        52                                                 83.85%
genon americas generation llc
8.500% senior notes due 2021                             84                                        73                                                 84.91%
9.125% senior notes due 2031                             71                                        55                                                 77.02%
$520                                      $467
(a)   includes accrued interest.
subsequent to year-end and through february 29, 2016, the company repurchased an additional $171 million in aggregate principal of nrg energy, inc. senior notes.
97
fuel repowerings and conversions the table below lists the company's currently projected repowering and conversion projects. with respect to facilities that are currently operating, the timing of the projects listed below could adversely impact the company's operating revenues, gross margin and other operating costs during the period prior to the targeted cod.
facility                                                                   net generation capacity (mw)   project type    fuel type     targeted cod fuel conversions(a)
joliet units 6, 7 and 8(b)                                                       1,326                    environmental   natural gas   summer 2016
new castle units 3, 4 and 5                                                        325                    growth          natural gas   summer 2016
shawville units 1, 2, 3 and 4                                                      597                    growth          natural gas   fall 2016
total                                                                            2,248
repowerings carlsbad peakers (formerly encina) units 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and gt(c)                   527                    growth          natural gas   winter 2018
puente (formerly mandalay) units 1 and 2(c)                                        262                    growth          natural gas   summer 2020
cielo lindo (formerly p.h. robinson) peakers 1-6                                   360                    growth          natural gas   summer 2016
total                                                                            1,149
total fuel repowerings and conversions                                           3,397
(a) does not include the natural gas conversions of dunkirk units 2, 3 and 4, which are on hold pending the outcome of outstanding litigation.
(b) the company has incurred and will incur environmental capital expenditures to switch to gas to satisfy mats.
(c) projects are subject to applicable regulatory approvals and permits.
98
cash flow discussion
2015 compared to 2014
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                                   2015   2014                       change net cash provided by operating activities                $1,309                $1,510             $(201       )
net cash used by investing activities                    (1,485    )           (2,903    )        1,418
net cash (used by)/provided by financing activities        (432    )            1,265             (1,697      )
net cash provided by operating activities changes to net cash provided by operating activities were driven by:
changes in working capital                                              $365
increase in operating income adjusted for non-cash items                 (39   )
change in cash collateral in support of risk management activities      (527   )
$(201   )
net cash used by investing activities changes to net cash used by investing activities were driven by:
decrease in cash paid for acquisitions, due primarily to the acquisitions of eme and alta wind in 2014                                         $2,905
decrease in cash grants, primarily reflecting the 2014 receipt of the cvsr cash grant                                                            (834   )
increase in capital expenditures related to maintenance and environmental projects                                                               (374   )
increase in equity investments, primarily related to 25% investment in desert sunlight in 2015                                                   (301   )
decrease in proceeds from sale of assets, due to the sales of kendall, bayou cove and 50% of the company's interest in petra nova in 2014        (167   )
decrease in restricted cash                                                                                                                       192
cash proceeds to fund cash grant bridge loan payment in 2014                                                                                      (57   )
other                                                                                                                                              54
$1,418
net cash (used)/provided by financing activities changes in net cash provided by financing activities were driven by:
net decrease in borrowing, offset by debt payments which primarily reflects the issuance of the 2021 and 2024 senior notes in 2014     $(1,331   )
increase in repurchase of treasury stock                                                                                                  (398   )
decrease in cash contributions from noncontrolling interest                                                                               (172   )
decrease in proceeds from issuance of common stock                                                                                         (20   )
increase in payments of dividends                                                                                                           (5   )
increase in contingent consideration payments                                                                                               (4   )
increase in financing element of acquired derivatives                                                                                      187
decrease in cash paid for deferred financing costs                                                                                          46
$(1,697   )
99
2014 compared to 2013
the following table reflects the changes in cash flows for the comparative years:
year ended december 31,
(in millions)                                         2014   2013                             change net cash provided by operating activities      $1,510                $1,270                $240
net cash used by investing activities          (2,903    )           (2,528    )           (375    )
net cash provided by financing activities       1,265                 1,427                (162    )
net cash provided by operating activities changes to net cash provided by operating activities were driven by:
increase in operating income adjusted for non-cash items          $338
change in cash paid in support of risk management activities       193
other changes in working capital                                  (291   )
$240
net cash used by investing activities changes to net cash used by investing activities were driven by:
increase in cash paid for acquisitions, primarily related to the eme and alta wind acquisitions     $(2,442   )
decrease in capital expenditures due to decreased spending on growth projects                         1,078
increase in proceeds from renewable energy grants                                                       861
proceeds from the sale of assets                                                                        155
increase in restricted cash                                                                            (101   )
proceeds for payment of cash grant bridge loan                                                           57
other                                                                                                    17
$(375   )
net cash provided by financing activities changes in net cash provided by financing activities were driven by:
net increase in borrowings, primarily due to the issuance of the 2022 and 2024 senior notes                                              $2,786
net increase in debt payments primarily due to the redemption of 2019 senior notes and the repayment of the cash grant bridge loans      (2,892   )
decrease in financing element of acquired derivatives                                                                                      (258   )
cash contributions from noncontrolling interests                                                                                            288
increase in cash paid for debt issuance costs                                                                                               (17   )
increase in payment of dividends                                                                                                            (42   )
contingent consideration payments                                                                                                           (18   )
prior year repurchase of treasury shares, offset by increase in issuance of common shares                                                    (9   )
(162   )
100
nols, deferred tax assets and uncertain tax position implications, under asc 740
as of december 31, 2015, the company had domestic pre-tax book loss of $5,105 million and foreign pre-tax book income of $11 million. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the company generated an nol of $263 million which is available to offset taxable income in future periods. as of december 31, 2015, the company has cumulative domestic federal nol carryforwards of $4.0 billion which will begin expiring in 2026 and cumulative state nol carryforwards of $4.2 billion for financial statement purposes. in addition, nrg has cumulative foreign nol carryforwards of $202 million, which do not have an expiration date. as a result of the company's tax position, and based on current forecasts, the company anticipates income tax payments, primarily due to state and local jurisdictions, of up to $40 million in 2016.
in addition to these amounts, the company has $32 million of tax effected uncertain tax benefits for which the company has recorded a non-current tax liability of $35 million until such final resolution with the related taxing authority. the $35 million non-current tax liability for uncertain tax benefits is from positions taken on various state returns, including accrued interest.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2012. with few exceptions, state and local income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2009.
off-balance sheet arrangements obligations under certain guarantee contracts nrg and certain of its subsidiaries enter into guarantee arrangements in the normal course of business to facilitate commercial transactions with third parties. these arrangements include financial and performance guarantees, stand-by letters of credit, debt guarantees, surety bonds and indemnifications. see also item 15 - note 26, guarantees, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
retained or contingent interests nrg does not have any material retained or contingent interests in assets transferred to an unconsolidated entity.
derivative instrument obligation the company's 2.822% preferred stock includes a feature which is considered an embedded derivative per asc 815. although it is considered an embedded derivative, it is exempt from derivative accounting as it is excluded from the scope pursuant to asc 815. as of december 31, 2015, based on the company's stock price, the embedded derivative was out-of-the-money and had no redemption value. see also item 15 - note 15, capital structure, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
obligations arising out of a variable interest in an unconsolidated entity variable interest in equity investments - as of december 31, 2015, nrg has several investments with an ownership interest percentage of 50% or less in energy and energy-related entities that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. several of these investments are variable interest entities for which nrg is not the primary beneficiary.
nrg's pro-rata share of non-recourse debt held by unconsolidated affiliates was approximately $621 million as of december 31, 2015. this indebtedness may restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to issue dividends or distributions to nrg. see also item 15 - note 16, investments accounted for by the equity method and variable interest entities, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
101
contractual obligations and commercial commitments nrg has a variety of contractual obligations and other commercial commitments that represent prospective cash requirements in addition to the company's capital expenditure programs. the following tables summarize nrg's contractual obligations and contingent obligations for guarantees. see also item 15 - note 12, debt and capital leases, note 22, commitments and contingencies, and note 26, guarantees, to the consolidated financial statements for additional discussion.
by remaining maturity at december 31,
2015
contractual cash obligations                                        under1 year             1-3 years             3-5 years           over5 years             total (a)            2014 total
(in millions)
long-term debt (including estimated interest)                      $1,607                $7,201                $4,843               $13,387               $27,038               $28,422
capital lease obligations (including estimated interest)                4                     8                     4                     1                    17                     8
operating leases                                                      341                   520                   484                 1,367                 2,712                 2,955
fuel purchase and transportation obligations                          887                   556                   343                   549                 2,335                 2,621
fixed purchased power commitments                                      50                    19                     1                     -                    70                    66
pension minimum funding requirement (b)                                30                   101                   172                   149                   452                   438
other postretirement benefits minimum funding requirement (c)          12                    19                    20                    51                   102                   148
other liabilities (d)                                                 201                   135                   138                   517                   991                   981
total                                                              $3,132                $8,559                $6,005               $16,021               $33,717               $35,639
(a)   excludes $34 million non-current payable relating to nrg's uncertain tax benefits under asc 740 as the period of payment cannot be reasonably estimated. also excludes $945 million of asset retirement obligations which are discussed in item 15 - note 13, asset retirement obligations, to the consolidated financial statements.
(b)   these amounts represent the company's estimated minimum pension contributions required under the pension protection act of 2006. these amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change.
(c)   these amounts represent estimates that are based on assumptions that are subject to change. the minimum required contribution for years after 2020 are currently not available.
(d)   includes water right agreements, service and maintenance agreements, stadium naming rights, ltsa commitments and other contractual obligations.
by remaining maturity at december 31,
2015
guarantees                           under1 year                 1-3 years       3-5 years             over5 years                   total            2014 total
(in millions)
letters of credit and surety bonds   $1,805                      $92             $-                    $2                       $1,899              $1,914
asset sales guarantee obligations    -                             -         257                       -                           257       292
other guarantees                     -                 1                         -                 721                             722               1,174
total guarantees                     $1,805                      $93             $257                  $723                     $2,878              $3,380
102
fair value of derivative instruments nrg may enter into power purchase and sales contracts, fuel purchase contracts and other energy-related financial instruments to mitigate variability in earnings due to fluctuations in spot market prices and to hedge fuel requirements at generation facilities or retail load obligations. in addition, in order to mitigate interest rate risk associated with the issuance of the company's variable rate and fixed rate debt, nrg enters into interest rate swap agreements.
nrg's trading activities are subject to limits in accordance with the company's risk management policy. these contracts are recognized on the balance sheet at fair value and changes in the fair value of these derivative financial instruments are recognized in earnings.
the tables below disclose the activities that include both exchange and non-exchange traded contracts accounted for at fair value in accordance with asc 820, fair value measurements and disclosures, or asc 820. specifically, these tables disaggregate realized and unrealized changes in fair value; disaggregate estimated fair values at december 31, 2015, based on their level within the fair value hierarchy defined in asc 820; and indicate the maturities of contracts at december 31, 2015. for a full discussion of the company's valuation methodology of its contracts, see derivative fair value measurements in item 15 - note 4, fair value of financial instruments, to the consolidated financial statements.
derivative activity gains/(losses)                               (in millions)
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2014                    $413
contracts realized or otherwise settled during the period          (363      )
changes in fair value                                               (44      )
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2015                      $6
fair value of contracts as of december 31, 2015
maturity fair value hierarchy gains/(losses)   1 year or less            greater than 1 year to 3 years              greater than 3 years to 5 years             greater than5 years             total fairvalue
(in millions)
level 1                               $(97          )           $(129                     )                 $(20                      )                 $-                              $(246           )
level 2                               317                       (2                        )                 (16                       )                 (14               )        285
level 3                               (26           )           (5                        )                 (1                        )                 (1                )             (33             )
total                                 $194                      $(136                     )                 $(37                      )                 $(15              )             $6
the company has elected to disclose derivative assets and liabilities on a trade-by-trade basis and does not offset amounts at the counterparty master agreement level. also, collateral received or paid on the company's derivative assets or liabilities are recorded on a separate line item on the balance sheet. consequently, the magnitude of the changes in individual current and non-current derivative assets or liabilities is higher than the underlying credit and market risk of the company's portfolio. as discussed in item 7a - quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, commodity price risk, nrg measures the sensitivity of the company's portfolio to potential changes in market prices using var, a statistical model which attempts to predict risk of loss based on market price and volatility. nrg's risk management policy places a limit on one-day holding period var, which limits the company's net open position. as the company's trade-by-trade derivative accounting results in a gross-up of the company's derivative assets and liabilities, the net derivative assets and liability position is a better indicator of nrg's hedging activity. as of december 31, 2015, nrg's net derivative asset was $6 million, a decrease to total fair value of $407 million as compared to december 31, 2014. this decrease was primarily driven by the roll-off of trades that settled during the period and losses in fair value.
based on a sensitivity analysis using simplified assumptions, the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu increase in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in a decrease of approximately $414 million in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2015.
the impact of a $0.50 per mmbtu decrease in natural gas prices across the term of the derivative contracts would result in an increase of approximately $392 million in the net value of derivatives as of december 31, 2015.
103
critical accounting policies and estimates nrg's discussion and analysis of the financial condition and results of operations are based upon the consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. the preparation of these financial statements and related disclosures in compliance with u.s. gaap requires the application of appropriate technical accounting rules and guidance as well as the use of estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. the application of these policies involves judgments regarding future events, including the likelihood of success of particular projects, legal and regulatory challenges, and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities. these judgments, in and of themselves, could materially affect the financial statements and disclosures based on varying assumptions, which may be appropriate to use. in addition, the financial and operating environment may also have a significant effect, not only on the operation of the business, but on the results reported through the application of accounting measures used in preparing the financial statements and related disclosures, even if the nature of the accounting policies have not changed.
on an ongoing basis, nrg evaluates these estimates, utilizing historic experience, consultation with experts and other methods the company considers reasonable. in any event, actual results may differ substantially from the company's estimates. any effects on the company's business, financial position or results of operations resulting from revisions to these estimates are recorded in the period in which the information that gives rise to the revision becomes known.
nrg's significant accounting policies are summarized in item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements. the company identifies its most critical accounting policies as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of the company's financial position and results of operations, and that require the most difficult, subjective and/or complex judgments by management regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain.
accounting policy                                              judgments/uncertainties affecting application derivative instruments                                         assumptions used in valuation techniques assumptions used in forecasting generation assumptions used in forecasting borrowings market maturity and economic conditions contract interpretation market conditions in the energy industry, especially the effects of price volatility on contractual commitments income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets   ability to be sustained upon audit examination of taxing authorities interpret existing tax statute and regulations upon application to transactions ability to utilize tax benefits through carry backs to prior periods and carry forwards to future periods impairment of long lived assets                                recoverability of investment through future operations regulatory and political environments and requirements estimated useful lives of assets environmental obligations and operational limitations estimates of future cash flows estimates of fair value judgment about triggering events indicating impairment goodwill and other intangible assets                           estimated useful lives for finite-lived intangible assets judgment about impairment triggering events estimates of reporting unit's fair value fair value estimate of intangible assets acquired in business combinations contingencies                                                  estimated financial impact of event(s)
judgment about likelihood of event(s) occurring regulatory and political environments and requirements
104
derivative instruments the company follows the guidance of asc 815 to account for derivative instruments. asc 815 requires the company to mark-to-market all derivative instruments on the balance sheet and recognize changes in the fair value of non-hedge derivative instruments immediately in earnings. in certain cases, nrg may apply hedge accounting to the company's derivative instruments. the criteria used to determine if hedge accounting treatment is appropriate are: (i) the designation of the hedge to an underlying exposure; (ii) whether the overall risk is being reduced; and (iii) if there is a correlation between the changes in fair value of the derivative instrument and the underlying hedged item. changes in the fair value of derivatives instruments accounted for as hedges are either recognized in earnings as an offset to the changes in the fair value of the related hedged item, or deferred and recorded as a component of oci and subsequently recognized in earnings when the hedged transactions occur.
for purposes of measuring the fair value of derivative instruments, nrg uses quoted exchange prices and broker quotes. when external prices are not available, nrg uses internal models to determine the fair value. these internal models include assumptions of the future prices of energy commodities based on the specific market in which the energy commodity is being purchased or sold, using externally available forward market pricing curves for all periods possible under the pricing model. in order to qualify derivative instruments for hedged transactions, nrg estimates the forecasted generation and forecasted borrowings for interest rate swaps occurring within a specified time period. judgments related to the probability of forecasted generation occurring are based on available baseload capacity, internal forecasts of sales and generation, and historical physical delivery on similar contracts. judgments related to the probability of forecasted borrowings are based on the estimated timing of project construction, which can vary based on various factors. the probability that hedged forecasted generation and forecasted borrowings will occur by the end of a specified time period could change the results of operations by requiring amounts currently classified in oci to be reclassified into earnings, creating increased variability in the company's earnings. these estimations are considered to be critical accounting estimates.
certain derivative instruments that meet the criteria for derivative accounting treatment also qualify for a scope exception to derivative accounting, as they are considered to be npns. the availability of this exception is based upon the assumption that nrg has the ability and it is probable to deliver or take delivery of the underlying item. these assumptions are based on available baseload capacity, internal forecasts of sales and generation and historical physical delivery on contracts. derivatives that are considered to be npns are exempt from derivative accounting treatment and are accounted for under accrual accounting. if it is determined that a transaction designated as npns no longer meets the scope exception due to changes in estimates, the related contract would be recorded on the balance sheet at fair value combined with the immediate recognition through earnings.
income taxes and valuation allowance for deferred tax assets as of december 31, 2015, nrg had a valuation allowance of $3,575 million. this amount is comprised of domestic federal net deferred tax assets of approximately $2,973 million, domestic state net deferred tax assets of $542 million, foreign net operating loss carryforwards of $59 million, and foreign capital loss carryforwards of approximately $1 million. the company believes it is more likely than not that the results of future operations will not generate sufficient taxable income which includes the future reversal of existing taxable temporary differences to realize deferred tax assets, requiring a valuation allowance to be recorded.
nrg continues to be under audit for multiple years by taxing authorities in other jurisdictions. considerable judgment is required to determine the tax treatment of a particular item that involves interpretations of complex tax laws. nrg is subject to examination by taxing authorities for income tax returns filed in the u.s. federal jurisdiction and various state and foreign jurisdictions including operations located in australia.
the company is no longer subject to u.s. federal income tax examinations for years prior to 2012. with few exceptions, state and local income tax examinations are no longer open for years before 2009.
105
evaluation of assets for impairment and other than temporary decline in value in accordance with asc 360, property, plant, and equipment, or asc 360, nrg evaluates property, plant and equipment and certain intangible assets for impairment whenever indicators of impairment exist. examples of such indicators or events are:
•   significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset;
•   significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical condition;
•   adverse business climate;
•   accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected for the construction or acquisition of an asset;
•   current-period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection of future losses; and
•   change in the company's intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than 50% likelihood that an asset will be sold or disposed of before the end of its previously estimated useful life.
recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to the future net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset, through considering project specific assumptions for long-term power pool prices, escalated future project operating costs and expected plant operations. if such assets are considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured by the amount by which the carrying amount of the assets exceeds the fair value of the assets by factoring in the probability weighting of different courses of action available to the company. generally, fair value will be determined using valuation techniques such as the present value of expected future cash flows. nrg uses its best estimates in making these evaluations and considers various factors, including forward price curves for energy, fuel costs and operating costs. however, actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions used in the company's estimates, and the impact of such variations could be material.
for assets to be held and used, if the company determines that the undiscounted cash flows from the asset are less than the carrying amount of the asset, nrg must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any impairment loss. assets held-for-sale are reported at the lower of the carrying amount or fair value less the cost to sell. the estimation of fair value under asc 360, whether in conjunction with an asset to be held and used or with an asset held-for-sale, and the evaluation of asset impairment are, by their nature, subjective. nrg considers quoted market prices in active markets to the extent they are available. in the absence of such information, the company may consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers, or employ other valuation techniques. nrg will also discount the estimated future cash flows associated with the asset using a single interest rate representative of the risk involved with such an investment or employ an expected present value method that probability-weights a range of possible outcomes. the use of these methods involves the same inherent uncertainty of future cash flows as previously discussed with respect to undiscounted cash flows. actual future market prices and project costs could vary from those used in the company's estimates, and the impact of such variations could be material. annually during the fourth quarter, the company revises its views of power and fuel prices including the company's fundamental view for long term prices in connection with the preparation of its annual budget. changes to the company's views of long term power and fuel prices impacted the company's projections of profitability, based on management's estimate of supply and demand within the sub-markets for each plant and the physical and economic characteristics of each plant.
the following long-lived asset impairments were recorded during 2015, as further described in item 15 -note 10, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements:
•in the fourth quarter of 2015, the company entered into an agreement to sell the seward facility. the company recorded an impairment loss of $134 million as of december 31, 2015 to reduce the carrying amount of the net assets held for sale to equal the agreed-upon sales price.
•during the third quarter of 2015, the company filed notice of its intent to retire huntley's operating units on march 1, 2016. on october 30, 2015, nyiso released the results of its reliability study, indicating that the huntley operating units are not needed for bulk system reliability. accordingly the company determined that the carrying amount of the assets was higher than the estimated future net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets and that the assets were impaired. the fair value of the huntley operating units was determined using the income approach. the income approach utilized estimates of discounted future cash flows, which include key inputs such as forecasted contract prices, forecasted operating expenses and discount rates. the company recorded an impairment loss of $132 million during the year ended december 31, 2015.
106
•during the third quarter of 2015, the company announced that dunkirk unit 2 will be mothballed on january 1, 2016, at the expiration of its reliability support services agreement. the project to add natural gas-burning capabilities has been suspended, pending the outcome of litigation with respect to the gas addition contract and its validity. on october 30, 2015, nyiso released the results of its reliability study, indicating that the dunkirk facility is not needed for system reliability. the company determined that the carrying amount of the assets was higher than the estimated future net cash flows expected to be generated by the assets and that the assets were impaired. the fair value of the dunkirk facility was determined using the income approach. the income approach utilized estimates of discounted future cash flows, which include key inputs such as forecasted contract prices, forecasted operating and capital expenditures and discount rates. the company recorded an impairment loss of $160 million during the year ended december 31, 2015.
•during the fourth quarter of 2015, the company recorded an impairment loss of $29 million to reduce the carrying value of certain solar panels to approximate fair value.
•during the fourth quarter of 2015, as the company revised its fundamental view for long term prices in connection with the preparation of its annual budget, it was noted that the cash flows for the limestone and w.a. parish coal fired facilities and the gregory combined cycle facility located in texas were lower than the carrying amount, primarily driven by declining power prices as the cost of commodities continues to decline. as a result of these updates and in connection with the preparation of the year-end financial statements, the company determined that the assets are impaired. the company measured the impairment loss as the difference between the carrying amount and the fair value of the assets and recognized impairment losses of $1,514 million, $1,295 million and $176 million related to limestone, w.a. parish, and gregory, respectively.
nrg is also required to evaluate its equity-method and cost-method investments to determine whether or not they are impaired in accordance with asc 323, investments - equity method and joint ventures, or asc 323. the standard for determining whether an impairment must be recorded under asc 323 is whether a decline in the value is considered an "other than temporary" decline in value. the evaluation and measurement of impairments under asc 323 involves the same uncertainties as described for long-lived assets that the company owns directly and accounts for in accordance with asc 360. similarly, the estimates that nrg makes with respect to its equity and cost-method investments are subjective, and the impact of variations in these estimates could be material. additionally, if the projects in which the company holds these investments recognize an impairment under the provisions of asc 360, nrg would record its proportionate share of that impairment loss and would evaluate its investment for an other than temporary decline in value under asc 323. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the company recorded impairment losses on its equity-method and cost-method investments of $56 million due to "other than temporary" declines in value.
goodwill and other intangible assets at december 31, 2015, nrg reported goodwill of $999 million, consisting of $337 million associated with the acquisition of texas genco in 2006, or nrg texas, $341 million for its nrg home businesses, $278 million related to the acquisition of eme and $43 million associated with other business acquisitions. the company has also recorded intangible assets in connection with its business acquisitions, measured primarily based on significant inputs that are not observable in the market and thus represent a level 3 measurement as defined in asc 820. see item 15 - note 3, business acquisitions and dispositions, and note 11, goodwill and other intangibles, to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion.
the company applies asc 805, business combinations, or asc 805, and asc 350, to account for its goodwill and intangible assets. under these standards, the company amortizes all finite-lived intangible assets over their respective estimated weighted-average useful lives, while goodwill has an indefinite life and is not amortized. however, goodwill and all intangible assets not subject to amortization are tested for impairments at least annually, or more frequently whenever an event or change in circumstances occurs that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. the company tests goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is identified by assessing whether the components of the company's operating segments constitute businesses for which discrete financial information is available and whether segment management regularly reviews the operating results of those components. the company performs the annual goodwill impairment assessment as of december 31 or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. nrg first evaluates qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that impairment has occurred. in the absence of sufficient qualitative factors, goodwill impairment is determined utilizing a two-step process. if it is determined that the fair value of a reporting unit is below its carrying amount, where necessary, the company's goodwill and/or intangible asset with indefinite lives will be impaired at that time.
107
the company performed step zero of the goodwill impairment test, performing its qualitative assessment of macroeconomic, industry and market events and circumstances, and the overall financial performance of the nrg b2b reporting unit (nrg curtailment solutions). the company determined it was not more likely than not that the fair value of the goodwill attributed to this reporting unit was less than its carrying amount and accordingly, no impairment existed for the year ended december 31, 2015.
the company performed step one of the two-step impairment test for the reporting units in the following table. the company determined the fair value of these reporting units using primarily an income approach. under the income approach, the company estimated the fair value of the reporting units' invested capital exceeds its carrying value and as such, the company concluded that goodwill associated with the reporting units in the following table is not impaired as of december 31, 2015:
reporting unit (segment)                                   % fair value over carrying value betm (corporate)                                                     138
midwest generation (nrg business)                                    114
nrg home retail - commodity (nrg home retail)                        896
nrg home retail - non-commodity (nrg home retail)                    119
solar power partners (nrg renew)                                     136
the company also performed step one of the two-step impairment test for its nrg texas, nrg home solar and goal zero reporting units. the company determined the fair value of these reporting units primarily using an income approach. in each case, the fair value of the reporting unit was determined to be less than its carrying amount and accordingly, the company performed step two of the two-step impairment test. the results of the impairment tests for these reporting units are detailed below and in item 15 - note 10, asset impairments, to the consolidated financial statements.
nrg texas the company believes the methodology and assumptions used in the valuation are consistent with the views of market participants. significant inputs to the determination of fair value were as follows:
•   the company applied a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term budgets for all of the plants in the region. the significant assumptions used to derive the long-term budgets used in the income approach are affected by the following key inputs:
◦   the company's views of power and fuel prices considers market prices for the first five-year period and the company's fundamental view for the longer term, which reflect the company's long-term view of the price of natural gas. the company's fundamental view for the longer term reflects the implied power price and heat rate that would support new build of a combined cycle gas plant in the texas region. the price of natural gas plays an important role in setting the price of electricity in many of the regions where nrg operates power plants. hedging is included to the extent of contracts already in place;
◦   the company's estimate of generation, fuel costs, capital expenditure requirements and the existing and anticipated impact of environmental regulations;
◦   based on the company's fundamental view for the longer term, cash flows for the plants in the region were included in the fair value calculation through the end of each plants estimated useful life;
◦   projected generation and resulting energy gross margin in the long-term budgets is based on an hourly dispatch that simulates dispatch of each unit into the power market. the dispatch simulation is based on power prices, fuel prices, and the physical and economic characteristics of each plant.
•   the additional significant assumptions used in overall valuation of nrg texas are as follows:
◦   the discount rate applied to internally developed cash flow projections for the nrg texas reporting unit represents the weighted average cost of capital consistent with the risk inherent in future cash flows and based upon an assumed capital structure, cost of long-term debt and cost of equity consistent with comparable companies in the integrated utility industry.
108
◦   the intangible value to nrg texas for synergies it provides to nrg's retail businesses was determined by capitalizing estimated annual collateral cost savings of approximately $45 million per year and annual supply cost savings of approximately $18 million, tax affected at the appropriate tax rate and assuming this value decreases over the useful lives of the underlying plants. the estimates of annual collateral cost savings resulting from utilizing the company's wholesale generation assets to provide supply to retail represent the cost of collateral that would otherwise need to be held in reserve to support potential postings to third parties in the case of a significant price move. this is calculated from a combination of the volume the company would otherwise need to buy from these third parties, based on historical volumes, and historical price movements calibrated to an appropriate probability. the estimates of annual supply cost savings are based on historical volumes of retail purchases from nrg texas, an average bid-ask spread based on broker quotes and the assumption that nrg texas will realize half of the benefits associated with this savings.
under step one, if the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered impaired. under the income approach described above, the company estimated the fair value of nrg texas' invested capital was 76% below its carrying value as of december 31, 2015 and concluded that step two was required. step two requires an allocation of fair value to the individual asset and liabilities using a hypothetical purchase price allocation in order to determine the implied fair value of goodwill. if the implied fair value of goodwill is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recorded. under the step two analysis it was determined the carrying amount of the goodwill exceeded its fair value by approximately $1.4 billion and an impairment loss of this amount was recorded.
fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill impairment test will prove to be accurate predictions of the future. examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of the nrg texas reporting unit may include such items as follows:
•   falling or depressed long-term natural gas prices which may result in lower power prices in the markets in which the texas reporting unit operates;
•   a significant change to power plants' new-build/retirement economics and reserve margins resulting primarily from unexpected environmental or regulatory changes;
•   decrease in natural gas prices or significant changes to power plants' economics and expected generation could result in decreased realized synergies associated with estimated collateral and cost supply savings related to the combination of the nrg texas and texas retail businesses; and/or
•   macroeconomic factors that significantly differ from the company's assumptions in timing or degree.
the company noted that during 2015, the company observed a significant decrease in its stock price, which was driven in part by depressed commodity prices and resulted in a decline in industry-wide stock prices during 2015. the company's view on long-term commodity prices is reflected in the inputs utilized to test its goodwill and long-lived assets for impairment and reflects the current depressed commodity environment. if long-term natural gas prices remain depressed for an extended period of time, the company's remaining goodwill associated with nrg texas may be further impaired.
109
nrg home solar the company determined the fair value of the nrg home solar reporting unit using an income approach applying a discounted cash flow methodology to the long-term budgets for the reporting unit. the carrying amount of the reporting unit was higher than the fair value, and accordingly, the company recognized an impairment loss of $125 million during the fourth quarter of 2015 to reduce the carrying value of the goodwill that was recognized in connection with the acquisition.
the significant assumptions utilized in determining the fair value of the reporting unit included the company's estimates of lease growth, revenue and operating expenses, capital expenditures based on the company's view of the cost of solar installations, working capital requirements, general and administrative expenses and customer acquisition costs. cash flows were discounted using a discount rate applied to the internally developed cash flow projections for the nrg home solar reporting unit which represents the weighted average cost of capital consistent with the risk inherent in future cash flows and based upon an assumed capital structure, cost of long-term debt and cost of equity consistent with comparable companies in the residential solar industry.
goal zero during the third quarter of 2015, the company determined that there was an indication of goodwill impairment and performed a two-step goodwill impairment test. the carrying amount of the reporting unit was higher than the fair value, and accordingly, the company recognized an impairment loss of $36 million during the third quarter of 2015 to reduce the carrying value of the goodwill that was recognized in connection with the acquisition. the significant assumptions utilized in determining the fair value of the reporting unit included the company's estimates of customer acquisition and related revenue, which reflect a decrease in estimated customer growth as compared to estimates at the time of the acquisition, as well as estimated operating expenses. the discount rate applied to the internally developed cash flow projects represents the weighted average cost of capital consistent with the risk inherent in future cash flows and consistent with the purchase price of the acquisition.
contingencies nrg records a loss contingency when management determines it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. gain contingencies are not recorded until management determines it is certain that the future event will become or does become a reality. such determinations are subject to interpretations of current facts and circumstances, forecasts of future events, and estimates of the financial impacts of such events. nrg describes in detail its contingencies in item 15 - note 22, commitments and contingencies, to the consolidated financial statements.
recent accounting developments see item 15 - note 2, summary of significant accounting policies, to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting developments.
110
