item 1a.   risk factors

you should carefully consider the following risks and other information in this annual report on form 10-k in evaluating the company and its common stock. any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect the company’s business, results of operations or financial condition, and could, in turn, impact the trading price of the company’s common stock. the risk factors generally have been separated into three groups: risks related to the company’s business, risks related to the company’s separation from 21st century fox and risks related to the company’s common stock.
risks related to the company’s business a decline in customer advertising expenditures in the company’s newspaper and other businesses could cause its revenues and operating results to decline significantly in any given period or in specific markets.
the company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising through its newspapers, integrated marketing services and digital media properties. the company and its affiliates also derive revenues from the sale of advertising on their cable channels and pay-tv programming. expenditures by advertisers tend to be cyclical, reflecting overall economic conditions, as well as budgeting and buying patterns. national and local economic conditions, particularly in major metropolitan markets, affect the levels of retail, national and classified newspaper advertising revenue. changes in gross domestic product, consumer spending, housing sales, auto sales, unemployment rates and job creation all impact demand for advertising. a decline in the economic prospects of advertisers or the economy in general could alter current or prospective advertisers’ spending priorities or result in consolidation or closures across various industries, which may also reduce the company’s overall advertising revenue.
the company’s ability to generate advertising revenue is also dependent on demand for the company’s products and services, demographics of the customer base, advertising rates and results observed by advertisers. for example, circulation levels for the company’s newspapers and ratings points for its cable channels are among the factors that are weighed by advertisers when determining the amount of advertising to purchase from the company as well as advertising rates. for the company’s digital media properties, advertisers use various
17
metrics to evaluate demand such as the number of visits, number of users, user engagement and, for digital real estate services, the number and quality of leads provided. demand for the company’s products and services depends in turn upon the company’s ability to differentiate and distinguish those products and services and anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behaviors in a timely manner. for example, the company’s newspapers, cable channels and pay-tv programming must continue to provide high-quality content that is interesting and relevant to users in order to retain and grow their audiences. similarly, the success of the company’s digital real estate services business depends in part on providing more comprehensive, current and accurate real estate listing data than its competitors, which the company generally obtains through short-term arrangements with mlss, real estate brokers, real estate agents and other third parties that may not be renewed and/or may be terminated with limited or no notice.
in addition, streaming and downloading capabilities via the internet and other devices and technologies, as well as higher consumer engagement with other forms of digital media such as online and mobile social networking, are increasing the number of media choices and formats available to audiences, resulting in audience fragmentation and increased competition for advertising. new delivery platforms may also lead to loss of distribution and pricing control and loss of a direct relationship with consumers. these technological and other developments may also cause changes in consumer behavior that could affect the attractiveness of the company’s offerings to advertisers. furthermore, the range of advertising choices across digital products and platforms and the large inventory of available digital advertising space have historically resulted in significantly lower rates for digital advertising than for print advertising. digital advertising networks and exchanges, real-time bidding and other programmatic buying channels that allow advertisers to buy audiences at scale are also playing a more significant role in the advertising marketplace and may cause further downward pricing pressure. evolving standards for the delivery of digital advertising, such as viewability, could also adversely affect digital advertising revenues. consequently, the company’s digital advertising revenue may not be able to replace print advertising revenue lost as a result of the shift to digital consumption. a decrease in advertising expenditures by the company’s customers, reduced demand for the company’s offerings or a surplus of advertising inventory could lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending, which could have an adverse effect on the company’s businesses and assets.
the company’s businesses face significant competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment content.
the company’s businesses face significant competition from other sources of news, information and entertainment content, including both traditional and new content providers. this competition has intensified as a result of the continued development of new digital and other technologies and platforms, and the company may be adversely affected if consumers migrate to other media alternatives. for example, advertising and circulation revenues in the company’s news and information services segment may continue to decline, reflecting general trends in the newspaper industry, including declining newspaper buying by younger audiences and consumers’ increasing reliance on the internet for the delivery of news and information, often without charge. in recent years, internet sites devoted to recruitment, automobile sales and real estate services have become significant competitors of the company’s newspapers and websites for classified advertising sales. in addition, due to innovations in content distribution platforms, consumers are now more readily able to watch internet-delivered content on television sets and mobile devices, in some cases also without charge, which could reduce consumer demand for the company and its affiliates’ television programming and pay-tv services and adversely affect both its subscription revenue and advertisers’ willingness to purchase television advertising from the company. the company’s ability to compete effectively depends on many factors both within and beyond its control, including audience acceptance of its high-quality journalism, book titles, television programming and other products. if the company is unable to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, its business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected.
18
the company must respond to new technologies and changes in consumer behavior and continue to innovate and provide useful products in order to remain competitive.
technology continues to evolve rapidly, and the resulting changes in consumer behavior and preferences create constant opportunities for new and existing competitors that can quickly render our products and services less valuable. for example, alternative methods for the delivery and storage of digital content, including the distribution of news and other content through social networking tools and on mobile and other devices, digital distribution models for books and internet and mobile distribution of video content via streaming and downloading, have empowered consumers to seek more control over when, where and how they consume digital content. content owners are increasingly delivering their content directly to consumers over the internet, often without charge, and innovations in distribution platforms have enabled consumers to view such internet-delivered content on portable devices and televisions. enhanced internet capabilities and other new media may reduce the demand for newspapers and television viewership, which could negatively affect the company’s revenues.
new digital platforms and technologies, such as user-generated sites and self-publishing tools, have also reduced the effort and expense of producing and distributing content on a wide scale, allowing digital content providers, customers, suppliers and other third parties to compete with us, often at a lower cost. this trend may drive down the price consumers are willing to spend on the company’s products disproportionately to the costs associated with generating content and result in relatively low barriers to entry for competing internet-based products and services. in addition, new digital distribution channels, such as the internet and online retailers, may present both challenges and opportunities to the company’s businesses, including its traditional book publishing model, which could affect both sales volume and pricing.
in order to succeed, the company must continue to innovate to ensure that its products and services remain relevant and useful for consumers and customers. the company may be required to incur significant capital expenditures in order to respond to new technologies, new and enhanced offerings from its competitors, and changes in consumer behavior, and there is a risk that its responses and strategies to remain competitive, including distribution of its content on a “pay” basis, may not be adopted by consumers. the company’s failure to protect and exploit the value of its content, while responding to and developing new technologies, products, services and business models to take advantage of advancements in technology and the latest consumer preferences could cause its customer, audience and/or user base to decline, in some cases precipitously, and could have a significant adverse effect on its businesses, asset values and results of operations.
the inability to renew sports programming rights could cause the revenue of certain of the company’s australian operating businesses to decline significantly in any given period.
the sports rights contracts between certain of the company’s australian operating businesses, on the one hand, and various professional sports leagues and teams, on the other, have varying duration and renewal terms. as these contracts expire, renewals on favorable terms may be sought; however, third parties may outbid the current rights holders for the rights contracts. in addition, professional sports leagues or teams may create their own networks or the renewal costs could substantially exceed the original contract cost. the loss of rights could impact the extent of the sports coverage offered by the company and could adversely affect its revenues. upon renewal, the company’s results could be adversely affected if escalations in sports programming rights costs are unmatched by increases in subscriber and carriage fees and advertising rates.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could have an adverse effect on the company’s results of operations.
the company has significant operations in a number of foreign jurisdictions and certain of its operations are conducted in foreign currencies, primarily the australian dollar and the british pound sterling. since the company’s financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the u.s. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, a currency translation impact on the company’s earnings, which could, in turn, have an adverse effect on its results of operations in a given period or in specific markets.
19
weak domestic and global economic conditions and volatility and disruption in the financial and other markets may adversely affect the company’s business.
the u.s. and global economies have undergone economic uncertainty in the past, which resulted in, among other things, a general tightening in the credit markets, limited access to the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the rates of default and bankruptcy, lower consumer and business spending, lower consumer net worth and a dramatic decline in the real estate market. the resulting pressure on the labor and retail markets and the downturn in consumer confidence weakened the economic climate in certain markets in which the company does business and had an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, including advertising revenues. any continued or recurring economic weakness could further impact the company’s business, reduce its advertising and other revenues and negatively impact the performance of its newspapers, books, digital real estate services business, television operations and other consumer products and services. in addition, further volatility and disruption in the financial markets could make it more difficult and expensive for the company to obtain financing. these conditions could also impair the ability of those with whom the company does business to satisfy their obligations to the company, including as a result of their inability to obtain capital on acceptable terms. the company is particularly exposed to certain australian business risks, including specific australian legal and regulatory risks, consumer preferences and competition, because it holds a substantial amount of australian assets. as a result, the company’s results of operations may be adversely affected by negative developments in the australian market. although the company believes that its capitalization, operating cash flow and current access to credit markets, including the company’s revolving credit facility, will give it the ability to meet its financial needs for the foreseeable future, there can be no assurance that any further volatility and disruption in domestic and global capital and credit markets will not impair the company’s liquidity or increase its cost of borrowing.
the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions that introduce significant risks and uncertainties.
in order to position its business to take advantage of growth opportunities, the company has made and may continue to make strategic acquisitions that involve significant risks and uncertainties. these risks and uncertainties include, among others: (1) the difficulty in integrating newly acquired businesses and operations in an efficient and effective manner, (2) the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other anticipated benefits, (3) the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses, (4) the risk of diverting the attention of the company’s senior management from the company’s operations, (5) the risks associated with integrating financial reporting and internal control systems, (6) the difficulties in expanding information technology systems and other business processes to accommodate the acquired businesses, (7) potential future impairments of goodwill associated with the acquired business and (8) in some cases, increased regulation.
if any acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with the company’s existing business, the company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, and the company may be required to record non-cash impairment charges for the write-down of certain acquired assets.
the company does not have the right to manage foxtel, which means it is not able to cause foxtel to operate or make corporate decisions in a manner that is favorable to the company.
the company does not have the right to manage the business or affairs of foxtel. while the company’s rights include the right to appoint one-half of the board of directors of foxtel, the company is not able to cause management or the board of directors to take any specific actions on its behalf, including with regards to declaring and paying dividends.
20
the company relies on network and information systems and other technology whose failure or misuse could cause a disruption of services or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue.
network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to the company’s network management, are important to its business activities. network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, as well as power outages, equipment failure, natural disasters (including extreme weather), terrorist activities or human error that may affect such systems, could result in disruption of the company’s services and/or loss or improper disclosure of personal data, business information, including intellectual property, or other confidential information. in recent years, there has been a rise in the number of cyberattacks on companies’ network and information systems, and as a result, the risks associated with such an event continue to increase. the company has experienced, and expects to continue to be subject to, cybersecurity threats and incidents, none of which have been material to the company to date.
a significant failure, compromise, breach or interruption of the company’s systems could result in a disruption of its operations, customer or advertiser dissatisfaction, damage to its reputation or brands, regulatory investigations, lawsuits, a loss of customers or revenues and other financial losses. if any such failure, interruption or similar event results in the improper disclosure of information maintained in the company’s information systems and networks or those of its vendors, including financial, personal, credit card, confidential and proprietary information relating to personnel, customers, vendors and the company’s business, including its intellectual property, the company could also be subject to liability under relevant contractual obligations and laws and regulations protecting personal data and privacy. efforts by the company and its vendors to develop, implement and maintain security measures may not be successful in preventing these events from occurring, particularly given that techniques used to access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, and any network and information systems-related events could require the company to expend significant resources to remedy such event. moreover, the development and maintenance of these measures is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated.
the company faces investigations regarding allegations of voicemail interception, illegal data access and inappropriate payments to public officials and other related matters and related civil lawsuits.
governmental authorities in the u.k. are conducting investigations relating to voicemail interception, illegal data access and inappropriate payments to public officials at the company’s former publication, the news of the world, and at the sun, and related matters, which are referred to as the u.k. newspaper matters. the company is cooperating with these investigations. civil claims have also been brought against the company with respect to the u.k. newspaper matters. the company has admitted liability in many civil cases and has settled a number of cases. the company has also settled a number of claims through a private compensation scheme established by the company under which parties could pursue claims against it. while additional civil lawsuits may be filed, no additional civil claims may be brought under the compensation scheme after april 8, 2013.
in connection with the separation, the company and 21st century fox agreed in the separation and distribution agreement that 21st century fox will indemnify the company for payments made after the distribution date arising out of civil claims and investigations relating to the u.k. newspaper matters as well as legal and professional fees and expenses paid in connection with the criminal matters, other than fees, expenses and costs relating to employees (1) who are not directors, officers or certain designated employees or (2) with respect to civil matters, who are not co-defendants with the company or 21st century fox. in addition, violations of law may result in criminal fines or penalties for which the company will not be indemnified by 21st century fox. 21st century fox’s indemnification obligations with respect to these matters will be settled on an after-tax basis.
21
from july 1, 2010 through june 30, 2015, the company incurred aggregate fees, costs and expenses related to the u.k. newspaper matters of $520 million, net of costs that have been or will be indemnified by 21st century fox, which includes $39 million paid to claimants for civil settlements. as of june 30, 2015, the company accrued $125 million, representing its best estimate of the liability for the claims that have been filed, including liabilities associated with employment taxes, as well as incurred but unpaid legal and professional fees. certain liabilities recorded by the company as of june 30, 2015 related to matters that will be indemnified by 21st century fox as described above. amounts due from 21st century fox relating to indemnified costs were approximately $63 million as of june 30, 2015.
the company is not able to predict the ultimate outcome or cost of the civil claims or criminal matters. it is possible that these proceedings and any adverse resolution thereof, including any fines or other penalties associated with any plea, judgment or similar result for which the company will not be indemnified, could damage its reputation, impair the company’s ability to conduct its business and adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. see “item 3. legal proceedings” and note 14 to the financial statements for additional information.
the company could suffer losses due to asset impairment and restructuring charges.
as a result of adverse developments in the company’s industry and challenging economic and market conditions, the company may recognize impairment charges for write-downs of goodwill and intangible assets, as well as restructuring charges relating to the reorganization of its businesses, which negatively impact the company’s financial results. when the company acquires a business, it records goodwill in an amount equal to the excess of the fair value of the acquired business over the fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities, including intangible assets, as of the acquisition date. the company’s management must regularly evaluate goodwill and other acquired intangible assets expected to contribute indefinitely to the company’s cash flows in order to determine whether, based on projected discounted future cash flows, the carrying value for such assets exceeds current fair value and the company should recognize an impairment. in accordance with gaap, the company performs an annual impairment assessment of its recorded goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets, including newspaper mastheads and distribution networks, during the fourth quarter of each fiscal year. the company also continually evaluates whether current factors or indicators, such as prevailing conditions in the capital markets or the economy generally, require the performance of an interim impairment assessment of those assets, as well as other investments and other long-lived assets, or require the company to engage in any additional business restructurings to address these conditions. any significant shortfall, now or in the future, in advertising revenue and/or the expected popularity of the programming for which the company has acquired rights could lead to a downward revision in the fair value of certain reporting units. any downward revisions in the fair value of a reporting unit, indefinite-lived intangible assets, investments or long-lived assets could result in additional impairments for which non-cash charges would be required. any such charge could be material to the company’s reported results of operations. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, as part of its long-range planning process the company changed its strategy and related outlook with respect to its amplify reporting unit, which resulted in a reduction in expected future cash flows. consequently, the company determined that the fair value of the amplify reporting unit had declined below its carrying value and recorded an impairment charge of $371 million in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015. the company may also incur additional restructuring charges in the future if it is required to further realign its resources in response to significant shortfalls in revenue or other adverse trends.
the company’s business could be adversely impacted by changes in governmental policy and regulation.
various aspects of the company’s activities are subject to regulation in numerous jurisdictions around the world, and the introduction of new laws and regulations in countries where the company’s products and services are produced or distributed (and changes in the enforcement of existing laws and regulations in those countries) could have a negative impact on its interests.
22
for example, the company’s australian operating businesses may be adversely affected by changes in government policy, regulation or legislation, or the application or enforcement thereof, applying to companies in the australian media industry or to australian companies in general. this includes:
•   anti-siphoning legislation which currently prevents pay-tv providers such as foxtel from acquiring rights to televise certain listed events (for example, the olympic games and certain australian rules football and cricket matches) unless:

–   national and commercial television broadcasters have not obtained these rights 12 weeks before the start of the event;

–   the rights to televise are also held by commercial television licensees who have rights to televise the event to more than 50% of the australian population; or

–   the rights to televise are also held by one of australia’s two major government-funded broadcasters; and

•                                              other parts of the broadcasting services act that regulate ownership interests and control of australian media organizations. such legislation may have an impact on the company’s ownership structure and operations and may restrict its ability to take advantage of acquisition or investment opportunities. for example, current media diversity rules would prevent the company from exercising control of a commercial television broadcasting license, a commercial radio license and a newspaper in the same license area.

in addition, the company’s newspaper businesses in the u.k. are subject to greater regulation and oversight as a result of the implementation of recommendations of the leveson inquiry into the u.k. press, which was established by prime minister david cameron in mid-2011. the inquiry was triggered by allegations of illegal voicemail interception at the company’s former publication, the news of the world. lord justice leveson, chairman of the inquiry, concluded the first part of the inquiry and published a report in late november 2012 containing various recommendations for greater regulation and oversight of the u.k. press. the u.k. government subsequently published a royal charter on self-regulation of the press which established a recognition panel responsible for approving and monitoring a new press self-regulatory body. no such regulator has yet been approved by the recognition panel. however, a majority of the u.k. press has established an alternative regulator, the independent press standards organisation, or ipso, which began operating in september 2014. ipso imposes burdens on the print media in the u.k., including the company’s newspaper businesses in the u.k., which may result in competitive disadvantages versus other forms of media and may increase the costs of compliance.
the company’s business activities are also subject to laws and regulations governing the collection, use, sharing, protection and retention of personal data, which continue to evolve in light of changes in information technology and analytics techniques that have implications for how such data is managed. see “governmental regulation—data privacy and security” for more information. these laws and regulations could be costly to comply with, subject the company to claims and other remedies and limit or restrict aspects of the company’s business, including, for example, by restricting the use of personal and profiling data to deliver targeted advertisements.
adverse results from litigation or other proceedings could impact the company’s business practices and operating results.
from time to time, the company is party to litigation, as well as to regulatory and other proceedings with governmental authorities and administrative agencies. for example, certain competitors and customers of the company’s nam business have filed lawsuits against nam alleging antitrust violations and seeking treble damages, injunctive relief and attorneys’ fees. on june 18, 2015, class action certification was granted in the action brought by customers of the nam business, and on july 2, 2015, nam petitioned for leave to appeal,
23
which plaintiffs have opposed. the outcome of litigation or other proceedings is subject to significant uncertainty, and it is possible that an adverse resolution of one or more such proceedings could result in reputational harm and/or significant monetary damages or injunctive relief that could adversely affect the company’s results of operations or financial condition as well as the company’s ability to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted. in addition, regardless of merit or outcome, such proceedings can have an adverse impact on the company as a result of legal costs, diversion of management and other personnel, and other factors. see note 14 to the financial statements for more information.
newsprint prices may continue to be volatile and difficult to predict and control.
newsprint is one of the largest expenses of the company’s newspaper publishing units. during the three months ended june 30, 2015, the company’s average cost per ton of newsprint was approximately 13% lower than its historical average annual cost per ton over the past five fiscal years. the price of newsprint has historically been volatile and the consolidation of newsprint mills over the years has reduced the number of suppliers, which has led to increases in newsprint prices. failure to maintain the company’s current consumption levels, further supplier consolidation or the inability to maintain the company’s existing relationships with its newsprint suppliers could adversely impact newsprint prices in the future.
the company’s international operations expose it to additional risks that could adversely affect its business, operating results and financial condition.
in its fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, approximately 56% of the company’s revenues were derived outside the u.s., and the company is focused on expanding the international scope of its operations. there are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including (1) issues related to managing international operations; (2) economic uncertainty and volatility in local markets and political or social instability; (3) potentially adverse changes in tax laws and regulations; (4) complying with international laws and regulations, including foreign ownership restrictions; (5) complying with anti-corruption laws and regulations such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the uk bribery act; (6) restrictions on repatriation of funds and foreign currency exchange; and (7) complying with local labor laws and regulations. events or developments related to these and other risks associated with the company’s international operations could result in reputational harm and have an adverse impact on the company’s business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. challenges associated with operating globally may increase as the company continues to expand into geographic areas that it believes represent the highest growth opportunities.
there can be no assurance that the company will have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to it.
from time to time the company may need or desire to access the long-term and short-term capital markets to obtain financing. although the company believes that the sources of capital currently in place, including the company’s revolving credit facility, will permit the company to finance its operations for the foreseeable future on acceptable terms and conditions, the company’s access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms and conditions in the future will be impacted by many factors, including, but not limited to: (1) the company’s financial performance, (2) the company’s credit ratings or absence of a credit rating, (3) the liquidity of the overall capital markets and (4) the state of the economy. there can be no assurance, particularly as a company that currently has no credit rating, that the company will continue to have access to the capital markets on terms acceptable to it.
technological developments may increase the threat of content piracy and limit the company’s ability to protect its intellectual property rights.
the company seeks to limit the threat of content piracy; however, policing unauthorized use of its products and services and related intellectual property is often difficult and the steps taken by the company may not in every case prevent infringement by unauthorized third parties. developments in technology increase the threat of
24
content piracy by making it easier to duplicate and widely distribute pirated material. the company has taken, and will continue to take, a variety of actions to combat piracy, both individually and, in some instances, together with industry associations. however, protection of the company’s intellectual property rights is dependent on the scope and duration of its rights as defined by applicable laws in the u.s. and abroad and the manner in which those laws are construed. if those laws are drafted or interpreted in ways that limit the extent or duration of the company’s rights, or if existing laws are changed, the company’s ability to generate revenue from its intellectual property may decrease, or the cost of obtaining and maintaining rights may increase. there can be no assurance that the company’s efforts to enforce its rights and protect its products, services and intellectual property will be successful in preventing content piracy.
the company’s business relies on certain intellectual property and brands.
the company’s businesses rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other proprietary rights, as well as contractual arrangements, including licenses, to establish and protect their intellectual property and brand names. the company believes its proprietary trademarks, trade names, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property rights are important to its continued success and its competitive position. however, the company cannot ensure that these intellectual property rights will be upheld if challenged or that these rights will protect the company against infringement claims by third parties. any failure by the company to effectively protect its intellectual property or brands could adversely impact the company’s results of operations or financial condition. in addition, the company may be contractually required to indemnify other parties against liabilities arising out of any third party infringement claims.
no assurance of profitability of the digital education business.
some of the newer lines of amplify, the company’s digital education business, are still under development. accordingly, amplify’s prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development, particularly companies in new and rapidly evolving markets such as digital education. these risks for amplify include, but are not limited to, an evolving business model and the management of growth. amplify must, among other things, develop a customer base for its full range of offerings, including by utilizing the existing customers associated with its data and assessment business, implement and successfully execute its business and marketing strategy, continue to develop and upgrade its software and content offerings, respond to competitive developments, and attract, retain and motivate qualified personnel. in addition, the results and growth of amplify’s businesses are dependent on state educational funding, which may be adversely affected by changes in legislation, both at the federal and state level, changes in the state procurement process and changes in the condition of the local, state or u.s. economy. future changes in federal funding and the state and local tax base could create an unfavorable environment, leading to budget issues that result in a decrease in educational funding and, in turn, adversely affect amplify’s businesses. there can be no assurance that amplify will be successful in addressing these risks or in achieving these goals, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on amplify’s business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations.
the company’s relationship with nar is an important part of its digital real estate services business in the u.s. and this business could be harmed if it were to lose the benefits of this relationship move, the company’s digital real estate services business in the u.s., licenses the realtor.com® trademark and website address, as well as the realtor® trademark, from nar pursuant to a trademark license agreement (the “nar license”). move also operates the realtor.com® website under an agreement with nar that is perpetual in duration. however, nar may terminate the operating agreement for certain contractually-specified reasons upon expiration of applicable cure periods. if the operating agreement with nar is terminated, the nar license would also terminate, and move would be required to transfer a copy of the software that operates the realtor.com® website to nar and provide nar with copies of its agreements with advertisers and data content providers. nar would then be able to operate a realtor.com® website, either by itself or with another third party.
25
in addition to the contractual limitations and risks described above, any adverse developments in move’s business relationship with nar as a result of existing or new areas of conflict or potential conflict between move’s interests and nar’s interests, changes in the real estate industry or other causes could also adversely affect move’s business, particularly as many of its customers and data providers are members of, have interests that are closely aligned with, or are otherwise influenced by, nar.
labor disputes may have an adverse effect on the company’s business.
in a variety of the company’s businesses, it engages the services of employees who are subject to collective bargaining agreements. if the company is unable to renew expiring collective bargaining agreements, it is possible that the affected unions could take action in the form of strikes or work stoppages. such actions, as well as higher costs in connection with these collective bargaining agreements or a significant labor dispute, could have an adverse effect on the company’s business by causing delays in production or by reducing profit margins.
risks related to the company’s separation from 21st century fox if the separation, together with certain related transactions, were ultimately determined to be taxable transactions for u.s. federal income tax purposes, then the company, 21st century fox and its stockholders could be subject to significant tax liability, and the company may be required to indemnify 21st century fox for tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st century fox.
in connection with the separation, 21st century fox received a private letter ruling from the irs to the effect that, among other things, the distribution of the company’s class a common stock and class b common stock qualified as tax-free under sections 368 and 355 of the code except for cash received in lieu of fractional shares. in addition, 21st century fox received an opinion from its tax counsel confirming the tax-free status of the separation for u.s. federal income tax purposes, including the satisfaction of the requirements under sections 368 and 355 of the code not specifically addressed in the irs private letter ruling. the opinion of 21st century fox’s tax counsel is not binding on the irs or the courts, and there is no assurance that the irs or a court will not take a contrary position.
the private letter ruling and the opinion relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations from the company and 21st century fox regarding the past and future conduct of their respective businesses and other matters. notwithstanding the receipt of the private letter ruling and the opinion, the irs could determine on audit that the distribution or the related internal reorganization transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated, or that the distribution or the internal transactions should be taxable for other reasons. if the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, the distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend or capital gain for u.s. federal income tax purposes, and u.s. stockholders and certain non-u.s. stockholders could incur significant u.s. federal income tax liabilities. in addition, if the internal reorganization and/or the distribution is ultimately determined to be taxable, 21st century fox would recognize gains on the internal reorganization and/or recognize gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of shares of the company’s common stock distributed to 21st century fox’s stockholders on the distribution date over 21st century fox’s tax basis in such shares. as described below, the company may in certain circumstances be required to indemnify 21st century fox for liabilities arising out of the foregoing.
under the terms of the tax sharing and indemnification agreement that the company and 21st century fox entered into in connection with the separation, the company will, in certain circumstances, be responsible for all taxes, including interest and penalties, and tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st century fox as a result of actions taken by the company or any of its subsidiaries after the separation. specifically, in the event that the distribution or the internal transactions intended not to be subject to tax were determined to be subject to tax and such determination was the result of certain actions taken, or omitted to be taken, after the separation by the company or any of its subsidiaries and such actions (1) were inconsistent with any representation or covenant
26
made in connection with the private letter ruling or opinion of 21st century fox’s tax counsel, (2) violated any representation or covenant made in the tax sharing and indemnification agreement, or (3) the company or any of its subsidiaries knew or reasonably should have expected, after consultation with its advisors, could result in any such determination, the company will be responsible for any tax-related liabilities incurred by 21st century fox as a result of such determination.
the company could be liable for income taxes owed by 21st century fox.
each member of the 21st century fox consolidated group, which, prior to the separation, included 21st century fox, the company and 21st century fox’s other subsidiaries, is jointly and severally liable for the u.s. federal income tax liability of each other member of the consolidated group for periods prior to and including the separation. consequently, the company could be liable in the event any such liability is incurred, and not discharged, by any member of 21st century fox’s consolidated group. the tax sharing and indemnification agreement requires 21st century fox to indemnify the company for any such liability. disputes or assessments could arise during future audits by the irs in amounts that the company cannot quantify.
the separation and distribution agreement may restrict the company from acquiring or owning certain types of assets in the u.s.
the federal communications commission (“fcc”) has promulgated certain rules and regulations that limit the ownership of radio and television broadcast stations, television broadcast networks and newspapers (the “broadcast ownership rules”) and place commercial restrictions on a cable network programmer in which a cable television operator holds an ownership interest (the “program access rules”). under the fcc’s rules for determining ownership of the media assets described above, the murdoch family trust’s ownership interest in both the company and 21st century fox following the separation would generally result in each company’s businesses and assets being attributable to the murdoch family trust for purposes of determining compliance with the broadcast ownership rules and the program access rules. consequently, the company’s future conduct, including its acquisition of any newspapers in the same local markets in which 21st century fox owns or operates television stations or the company’s acquisition of an ownership interest in a cable operator, may affect 21st century fox’s ability to own and operate its television stations or otherwise comply with the broadcast ownership rules, or may subject 21st century fox to the program access rules. therefore, the company and 21st century fox agreed in the separation and distribution agreement that if the company acquires, after the distribution date, newspapers, radio or television broadcast stations or television broadcast networks in the u.s. and such acquisition would impede or be reasonably likely to impede 21st century fox’s business, then the company will be required to take certain actions, including divesting assets, in order to permit 21st century fox to hold its media interests and to comply with such rules. in addition, the company will be prohibited from acquiring an interest in a multichannel video programming distributor, including a cable television operator, if such acquisition would subject 21st century fox to the program access rules to which it is not then subject. this agreement effectively limits the activities or strategic business alternatives available to the company if such activities or strategic business alternatives implicate the broadcast ownership rules or program access rules and would impede or be reasonably likely to impede 21st century fox’s business.
the indemnification arrangements the company entered into with 21st century fox in connection with the separation may require the company to divert cash to satisfy indemnification obligations to 21st century fox.
pursuant to the separation and distribution agreement and certain other related agreements, 21st century fox agreed to indemnify the company for certain liabilities, and the company agreed to indemnify 21st century fox for certain liabilities. as a result, the company could be required, under certain circumstances, to indemnify 21st century fox and its affiliates against certain liabilities to the extent such liabilities result from an action the company or its affiliates take or from any breach of the company or its affiliates’ representations, covenants or obligations under the separation and distribution agreement, tax sharing and indemnification agreement or
27
any other agreement the company entered into in connection with the separation. the diversion of cash that may occur if the company is required to indemnify 21st century fox under these agreements could limit the company’s ability to grow its businesses or capitalize on acquisition opportunities.
certain agreements that the company entered into with 21st century fox in connection with the separation may limit its ability to take certain actions with respect to the civil u.k. newspaper matters.
under the terms of the separation and distribution agreement, in consideration for 21st century fox’s agreement to certain indemnification arrangements, the company agreed that 21st century fox would have the right to control the company’s defense of civil claims relating to the u.k. newspaper matters. in exercising its rights to control the defense of the civil claims relating to the u.k. newspaper matters, 21st century fox may be guided by interests that are different than or adverse to the company’s interests and the interests of its stockholders and advocate strategies that the company’s management would not otherwise adopt. furthermore, if the company fails to comply with these control arrangements or does not consent to settlements with respect to such matters proposed by 21st century fox, the company has agreed with 21st century fox that it will, at 21st century fox’s discretion, forego any indemnification with regard to such or all of these matters. the company’s inability to take actions with respect to these civil matters without 21st century fox’s consent or the company’s adoption of strategies advocated by 21st century fox could damage the company’s reputation or impair the company’s ability to conduct its business while the taking of any such action by the company without 21st century fox’s consent in breach of the company’s agreements could increase its liability exposure with regard to such matters and adversely affect the company’s results of operations and financial condition. see “item 3. legal proceedings” and note 14 to the financial statements for additional information.
the company has a limited operating history as an independent, publicly-traded company, and its historical financial statements for certain reporting periods are not necessarily representative of the results it would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded company, do not reflect any subsequent changes in its cost structure and may not be reliable indicators of its future results.
certain of the company’s historical financial statements do not necessarily reflect the results of operations, cash flows and financial condition that it would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded company during the applicable period or those that it will achieve in the future. prior to the separation, the company’s business was operated by 21st century fox as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent company. during those periods, 21st century fox performed various corporate functions for the company, including, but not limited to, tax administration, treasury activities, accounting, legal, ethics and compliance program administration, investor and public relations, certain governance functions (including internal audit) and external reporting. certain of the company’s historical financial statements reflect allocations of corporate expenses from 21st century fox for these and similar functions. however, these allocations may be more or less than the comparable expenses that the company would have incurred had it operated as an independent, publicly traded company during those periods. in addition, changes have occurred and may continue to occur in the company’s cost structure, management, financing, business operations, personnel needs, tax and structure as a result of its operation as a public company separate from 21st century fox, including the incurrence of costs for compliance with requirements of the sarbanes-oxley act, sec regulations and nasdaq and asx listing rules and potential increased costs associated with reduced economies of scale. prior to the separation, the company benefited from 21st century fox’s operating diversity, size, purchasing power and access to capital for investments, and it may not continue to realize such benefits in the future. as a result, there is a risk that the company may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than it would have otherwise been while it was still a part of 21st century fox. additionally, in connection with the separation, the company entered into certain transactions with 21st century fox that did not exist prior to the separation.
28
certain of the company’s directors and officers may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their equity ownership in 21st century fox, and certain of the company’s officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because they also serve as officers and/or on the board of directors of 21st century fox, which may result in the diversion of corporate opportunities to 21st century fox.
certain of the company’s directors and executive officers own shares of 21st century fox’s common stock, and the individual holdings may be significant for some of these individuals compared to their total assets. in addition, certain of the company’s officers and directors also serve as officers and/or as directors of 21st century fox, including k. rupert murdoch, who serves as the company’s executive chairman and executive chairman of 21st century fox, and lachlan k. murdoch, who serves as the company’s co-chairman and executive chairman of 21st century fox. this ownership or service to both companies may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for the company and 21st century fox. for example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute that may arise between the company and 21st century fox regarding the terms of the agreements governing the internal reorganization, the separation and the relationship thereafter between the companies, including with respect to the indemnification of certain matters. in addition to any other arrangements that the company and 21st century fox may agree to implement, the company and 21st century fox have agreed that officers and directors who serve at both companies will recuse themselves from decisions where conflicts arise due to their positions at both companies.
the company’s restated certificate of incorporation acknowledges that the company’s directors and officers, as well as certain of its stockholders, including k. rupert murdoch, certain members of his family and certain family trusts (so long as such persons continue to own, in the aggregate, 10% or more of the voting stock of each of the company and 21st century fox), each of which is referred to as a covered stockholder, are or may become stockholders, directors, officers, employees or agents of 21st century fox and certain of its affiliates. the company’s restated certificate of incorporation provides that any such overlapping person will not be liable to the company, or to any of its stockholders, for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist because such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of restricted business opportunities set forth in the company’s restated certificate of incorporation) to 21st century fox instead of the company. as 21st century fox does not have a similar provision regarding corporate opportunities in its certificate of incorporation, the provisions in the company’s restated certificate of incorporation could result in an overlapping person submitting any corporate opportunities other than restricted business opportunities to 21st century fox instead of the company.
risks related to the company’s common stock the market price of the company’s stock may fluctuate significantly the company cannot predict the prices at which its common stock may trade. the market price of the company’s common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending upon many factors, some of which may be beyond its control, including: (1) the company’s quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in its industry; (2) actual or anticipated fluctuations in the company’s operating results; (3) success or failure of the company’s business strategy; (4) the company’s ability to obtain financing as needed; (5) changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; (6) changes in laws and regulations affecting the company’s business; (7) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant new business developments or customers; (8) announcements by the company or its competitors of significant acquisitions or dispositions; (9) changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or the company’s ability to meet its earnings guidance, if any; (10) the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; (11) results from material litigation or governmental investigations; (12) changes in capital gains taxes and taxes on dividends affecting stockholders; and (13) overall market fluctuations and general economic conditions.
29
certain provisions of the company’s restated certificate of incorporation, amended and restated by-laws, tax sharing and indemnification agreement, separation and distribution agreement and delaware law, the company’s second amended and restated stockholder rights agreement and the ownership of the company’s common stock by the murdoch family trust may discourage takeovers and the concentration of ownership will affect the voting results of matters submitted for stockholder approval.
the company’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws contain certain anti-takeover provisions that may make more difficult or expensive a tender offer, change in control, or takeover attempt that is opposed by the company’s board of directors or certain stockholders holding a significant percentage of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock. in particular, the company’s restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws provide for, among other things:
•   a dual class common equity capital structure;

•   stockholders to remove directors only for cause;

•   a prohibition on stockholders taking any action by written consent without a meeting;

•   special stockholders’ meeting to be called only by the chief executive officer, the board of directors, or the holders of not less than 20% of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock;

•   the requirement that stockholders give the company advance notice to nominate candidates for election to the board of directors or to make stockholder proposals at a stockholders’ meeting;

•   the requirement of an affirmative vote of at least 65% of the voting power of the company’s outstanding voting stock to amend or repeal its by-laws;

•   certain restrictions on the transfer of the company’s shares; and

•   the board of directors to issue, without stockholder approval, preferred stock and series common stock with such terms as the board of directors may determine.

these provisions could discourage potential acquisition proposals and could delay or prevent a change in control of the company, even in the case where a majority of the stockholders may consider such proposals, if effective, desirable.
in addition, in connection with the separation, the company’s board of directors adopted a stockholder rights agreement, which it extended in june 2014 and again in june 2015. pursuant to the second amended and restated stockholder rights agreement, each outstanding share of the company’s common stock has attached to it a right entitling its holder to purchase from the company additional shares of its class a common stock and class b common stock in the event that a person or group acquires beneficial ownership of 15% or more of the then-outstanding class b common stock without approval of the company’s board of directors, subject to exceptions for persons beneficially owning 15% or more of the company’s class b common stock immediately following the separation. the stockholder rights agreement could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire the company’s voting common stock without the approval of its board of directors. the rights expire on june 18, 2018, except as otherwise provided in the rights agreement. further, as a result of his ability to appoint certain members of the board of directors of the corporate trustee of the murdoch family trust, which beneficially owns less than one percent of the company’s outstanding class a common stock and approximately 38.4% of the company’s class b common stock as of august 6, 2015, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of the shares beneficially owned by the murdoch family trust. k. rupert murdoch, however, disclaims any beneficial ownership of these shares. also, k. rupert murdoch beneficially owns or may be deemed to beneficially own an additional one percent of the company’s class b common stock and less than one percent of the company’s class a common stock as of august 6, 2015. thus, k. rupert murdoch may be deemed to beneficially own in the aggregate less than one percent of the company’s class a common stock and approximately 39.4% of the company’s class b common stock as of august 6, 2015. this concentration of voting power could discourage third parties from making proposals involving an acquisition of
30
the company. additionally, the ownership concentration of class b common stock by the murdoch family trust increases the likelihood that proposals submitted for stockholder approval that are supported by the murdoch family trust will be adopted and proposals that the murdoch family trust does not support will not be adopted, whether or not such proposals to stockholders are also supported by the other holders of class b common stock. furthermore, the adoption of the second amended and restated stockholder rights agreement will prevent, unless the company’s board of directors otherwise determines at the time, other potential stockholders from acquiring a similar ownership position in the company’s class b common stock and, accordingly, could prevent a meaningful challenge to the murdoch family trust’s influence over matters submitted for stockholder approval.
item 7.   management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

this discussion and analysis contains statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended (the “exchange act”), and section 27a of the securities act of 1933, as amended. all statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. the words “expect,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “predict,” “believe” and similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify forward-looking statements. these statements appear in a number of places in this discussion and analysis and include statements regarding the intent, belief or current expectations of the company, its directors or its officers with respect to, among other things, trends affecting the company’s financial condition or results of operations and the outcome of contingencies such as litigation and investigations. readers are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties. more information regarding these risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements is set forth under the heading “risk factors” in item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k (the “annual report”). the company does not ordinarily make projections of its future operating results and undertakes no obligation (and expressly disclaims any obligation) to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. readers should carefully review this document and the other documents filed by the company with the securities and exchange commission (the “sec”). this section should be read together with the consolidated financial statements of news corporation and related notes set forth elsewhere in this annual report.
introduction news corporation (together with its subsidiaries, “news corporation,” “news corp,” the “company,” “we,” or “us”) is a global diversified media and information services company comprised of businesses across a range of media, including: news and information services, book publishing, digital real estate services, cable network programming in australia, digital education and pay-tv distribution in australia.
the separation and distribution on june 28, 2013 (the “distribution date”), the company completed the separation of its businesses (the “separation”) from twenty-first century fox, inc. (“21st century fox”). as of the effective time of the separation, all of the outstanding shares of the company were distributed to 21st century fox stockholders based on a distribution ratio of one share of company class a or class b common stock for every four shares of 21st century fox class a or class b common stock, respectively, held of record as of june 21, 2013 (the “record date”). following the separation, the company’s class a and class b common stock began trading independently on the nasdaq global select market (“nasdaq”), and chess depositary interests representing the company’s class a and class b common stock began trading on the australian securities exchange (“asx”). in connection with the separation, the company entered into the separation and distribution agreement (the “separation and distribution agreement”) and certain other related agreements which govern the company’s relationship with 21st century fox following the separation. (see note 13 to the consolidated financial statements).
the company’s financial statements as of and for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013 are presented on a consolidated basis. the company’s consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014 reflect the company’s operations as a stand-alone company. the company’s consolidated balance sheets as of june 30, 2015 and 2014 consist of the company’s consolidated balances, subsequent to the separation.
prior to the separation, the company’s combined financial statements were prepared on a stand-alone basis derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of 21st century fox. the company’s consolidated statement of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 included allocations of general
40
corporate expenses for certain support functions that were provided on a centralized basis by 21st century fox and not recorded at the business unit level, such as expenses related to finance, human resources, information technology, facilities, and legal, among others. these expenses were allocated to the company on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder allocated on a pro rata basis of consolidated revenues, operating income, headcount or other measures of the company. management believes the assumptions underlying these consolidated financial statements, including the assumptions regarding allocating general corporate expenses from 21st century fox, were reasonable. nevertheless, these consolidated financial statements may not include all of the actual expenses that would have been incurred by the company and may not reflect the company’s consolidated results of operations and cash flows had it been a stand-alone company during the applicable periods. actual costs that would have been incurred if the company had been a stand-alone company for the full fiscal year would depend on multiple factors, including organizational structure and strategic decisions made in various areas, including information technology and infrastructure.
the consolidated financial statements are referred to as the “financial statements” herein. the consolidated statements of operations are referred to as the “statements of operations” herein. the consolidated balance sheets are referred to as the “balance sheets” herein. the consolidated statements of cash flows are referred to as the “statements of cash flows” herein.
the financial statements of the company have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states of america (“gaap”).
for purposes of the company’s financial statements for periods prior to the separation, income tax expense was recorded as if the company filed tax returns on a stand-alone basis separate from 21st century fox. this separate return methodology applies the accounting guidance for income taxes to the stand-alone financial statements as if the company was a stand-alone enterprise for the periods prior to the distribution date. therefore, cash tax payments for periods prior to the separation may not be reflective of the company’s actual tax balances. prior to the separation, the company’s operating results were included in 21st century fox’s consolidated u.s. federal and state income tax returns. the calculation of the company’s income taxes involves considerable judgment and the use of both estimates and allocations.
management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is intended to help provide an understanding of news corporation’s financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations. this discussion is organized as follows:
•                                                 overview of the company’s business—this section provides a general description of the company’s businesses, as well as developments that occurred during fiscal 2015, fiscal 2014 and fiscal 2013 that the company believes are important in understanding its results of operations and financial condition or to disclose known trends.

•                                                         results of operations—this section provides an analysis of the company’s results of operations for the three fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, respectively. this analysis is presented on a consolidated basis and a segment basis. in addition, a brief description is provided of significant transactions and events that impact the comparability of the results being analyzed.

•                               liquidity and capital resources—this section provides an analysis of the company’s cash flows for the three fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, respectively, as well as a discussion of the company’s financial arrangements and outstanding commitments, both firm and contingent, that existed as of june 30, 2015.

•                                                               critical accounting policies—this section discusses accounting policies considered important to the company’s financial condition and results of operations, and which require significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in application. in addition, note 2 to the consolidated financial statements summarizes the company’s significant accounting policies, including the critical accounting policy discussion found in this section.

41
overview of the company’s businesses the company manages and reports its businesses in the following six segments:
•                                  news and information services—the news and information services segment includes the global print and digital product offerings of the wall street journal and barron’s publications, marketwatch, and the company’s suite of professional information products, including factiva, dow jones risk &amp; compliance, dow jones newswires, dow jones private markets and djx.

the company also owns, among other publications, the australian, the daily telegraph, herald sun and the courier mail in australia, the times, the sunday times, the sun and the sun on sunday in the u.k. and the new york post in the u.s. this segment also includes news america marketing, a leading provider of free-standing inserts, in-store marketing products and services and digital marketing solutions. news america marketing’s customers include many of the largest consumer packaged goods advertisers in the u.s. and canada.
•                                                        book publishing—the book publishing segment consists of harpercollins, the second largest consumer book publisher in the world, with operations in 18 countries and particular strengths in general fiction, nonfiction, children’s and religious publishing. harpercollins includes over 120 branded publishing imprints, including avon, harper, harpercollins children’s books, william morrow, harlequin and christian publishers zondervan and thomas nelson, and publishes works by well-known authors such as harper lee, mitch albom, veronica roth, rick warren and agatha christie and popular titles such as the hobbit, goodnight moon, to kill a mockingbird and the divergent series.

•                                                    digital real estate services—the digital real estate services segment consists of the company’s interests in rea group limited
(“rea group”) and move, inc. (“move”). rea group is a publicly traded company listed on the asx (asx: rea) that is a leading multinational digital advertising business specializing in property. rea group operates australia’s leading residential and commercial property websites, realestate.com.au and realcommercial.com.au, as well as european property sites and chinese property site myfun.com. the company holds a 61.6% interest in rea group.

move, acquired in november 2014, is a leading provider of online real estate services in the u.s. and primarily operates realtor.com®, a premier real estate information and services marketplace. move also offers a number of professional software and services products, including top producer®, tigerlead® and listhubtm. the company owns an 80% interest in move, with the remaining 20% being held by rea group.
•                                                               cable network programming—the cable network programming segment consists of fox sports australia, the leading sports programming provider in australia, with seven high definition television channels distributed via cable, satellite and ip, several interactive viewing applications and broadcast rights to live sporting events in australia including: national rugby league, the domestic football league, english premier league, international cricket and australian rugby union.

•             digital education—the digital education segment consists of amplify, the brand for the company’s digital education business, which it launched in july 2012. amplify is dedicated to creating technology solutions that transform the way teachers teach and students learn.

•                                                           other—the other segment consists primarily of general corporate overhead expenses, the corporate strategy and creative group, and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters (as defined in “item 1a. risk factors”). the company’s corporate strategy and creative group was formed to identify new products and services across its businesses to increase revenues and profitability and to target and assess potential acquisitions and investments.

42
news and information services revenue at the news and information services segment is derived from the sale of advertising, circulation and subscriptions, as well as licensing. adverse changes in general market conditions for advertising continue to affect revenues. advertising revenues at the news and information services segment are also subject to seasonality, with revenues typically being highest in the company’s second fiscal quarter due to the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. circulation and subscription revenues can be greatly affected by changes in the prices of the company’s and/or competitors’ products, as well as by promotional activities.
operating expenses include costs related to paper, production, distribution, third party printing, editorial and commissions. selling, general and administrative expenses include promotional expenses, salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
the news and information services segment’s advertising volume, circulation and the price of paper are the key variables whose fluctuations can have a material effect on the company’s operating results and cash flow. the company has to anticipate the level of advertising volume, circulation and paper prices in managing its businesses to maximize operating profit during expanding and contracting economic cycles. the company continues to be exposed to risks associated with paper used for printing. paper is a basic commodity and its price is sensitive to the balance of supply and demand. the company’s expenses are affected by the cyclical increases and decreases in the price of paper. the news and information services segment’s products compete for readership and advertising with local and national competitors and also compete with other media alternatives in their respective markets. competition for circulation and subscriptions is based on the content of the products provided, pricing and, from time to time, various promotions. the success of these products also depends upon advertisers’ judgments as to the most effective use of their advertising budgets. competition for advertising is based upon the reach of the products, advertising rates and advertiser results. such judgments are based on factors such as cost, availability of alternative media, distribution and quality of readership demographics.
like other newspaper groups, the company faces challenges to its traditional print business model from new media formats and shifting consumer preferences. the company is also exposed to the impact of long-term structural movements in advertising spending, in particular, the move in classified advertising from print to digital. these new media formats could impact the company’s overall performance, positively or negatively.
as a multi-platform news provider, the company recognizes the importance of maximizing revenues from new media, both in terms of paid-for content and in new advertising models, and continues to invest in its digital products. technologies such as smartphones, tablets and similar devices and their related applications provides continued opportunities for the company to make its journalism available to a new audience of readers, introduce new or different pricing schemes, develop its products to continue to attract advertisers and/or affect the relationship between publisher and consumer. the company continues to develop and implement strategies to exploit its content in new media channels, including the implementation of digital subscriptions.
book publishing the book publishing segment derives revenues from the sale of general fiction, nonfiction, children’s and religious books in the u.s. and internationally. the revenues and operating results of the book publishing segment are significantly affected by the timing of releases and the number of its books in the marketplace. the book publishing marketplace is subject to increased periods of demand during the end-of-year holiday season in its main operating geographies. this marketplace continues to change due to technical innovations, electronic book devices and other factors. each book is a separate and distinct product, and its financial success depends upon many factors, including public acceptance.
major new title releases represent a significant portion of the book publishing segment’s sales throughout the fiscal year. print-based consumer books are generally sold on a fully returnable basis, resulting in the return of unsold books. in the domestic and international markets, the book publishing segment is subject to global trends and local economic conditions.
43
operating expenses for the book publishing segment include costs related to paper, printing, authors’ royalties, editorial, promotional, art and design expenses. selling, general and administrative expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead.
digital real estate services the digital real estate services segment sells online advertising services on its residential real estate and commercial property sites and also licenses certain professional software products on a subscription basis. significant expenses associated with these sites and software solutions include development costs, advertising and promotional expenses, hosting and support services, salaries, employee benefits and other routine overhead expenses.
consumers are increasingly turning to the internet and mobile devices for real estate information. the digital real estate services segment’s success depends on its continued innovation to provide products and services that make its websites and mobile applications useful for consumers and real estate and mortgage professionals and attractive to its advertisers.
cable network programming the cable network programming segment consists of fox sports australia, which offers the following seven channels in high definition: fox sports 1, fox sports 2, fox sports 3, fox sports 4, fox sports 5, fox footy and fox sports news. revenue is primarily derived from monthly affiliate fees received from pay-tv providers (mainly foxtel) based on the number of subscribers.
fox sports australia competes primarily with espn, bein sports, the free-to-air (“fta”) channels and certain telecommunications companies in australia.
the most significant operating expenses of the cable network programming segment are the acquisition and production expenses related to programming and the expenses related to operating the technical facilities of the broadcast operations. the expenses associated with licensing programming rights are recognized during the applicable season or event, which can cause results at the cable network programming segment to fluctuate based on the timing and mix of the company’s local and international sports programming. other expenses include marketing and promotional expenses related to improving the market visibility and awareness of the channels and their programming. additional expenses include salaries, employee benefits, rent and other routine overhead expenses.
digital education the digital education segment consists of amplify, the brand for the company’s digital education business. amplify’s technology solutions transform the way teachers teach and students learn in two primary areas:
•                                                    amplify insight, amplify’s data and assessment business, which formerly operated under the brand wireless generation, inc. (“wireless generation”), commenced operations in 2000 and was acquired in fiscal 2011. amplify insight provides powerful assessment products and services to support teachers and school districts, including student assessment tools and analytic technologies, intervention programs, enterprise education information systems, and professional development and consulting services.

•                                                      amplify learning, amplify’s curriculum business, is developing digital content for k-12 english language arts, math and science, including software that will combine interactive, game-like experiences, rich, immersive media and sophisticated analytics to make the classroom teaching and learning experience more engaging, rigorous, personalized and effective. amplify learning’s digital curriculum incorporates the common core state standards adopted by most states in the u.s. and is available for use on multiple platforms.

44
amplify also operates amplify access, a platform business that delivers a tablet-based distribution system which includes a tablet designed for the k-12 market, instructional software and curated third-party content.
the company has initiated a strategic review of its digital education business. in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the company determined it would cease actively marketing amplify’s access products to new customers; however, it will continue to provide service and support to its existing customers. the company is reviewing strategic alternatives with respect to the insight and learning businesses.
significant expenses associated with the company’s digital education business include product development costs, salaries, employee benefits and other routine overhead.
other the other segment primarily consists of general corporate overhead expenses, the corporate strategy and creative group and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters. the company’s corporate strategy and creative group was formed to identify new products and services across the company’s businesses to increase revenues and profitability and to target and assess potential acquisitions and investments.
other business developments during fiscal 2015, the company purchased a 14.99% interest in apn news and media limited (“apn”) for approximately $112 million. apn operates a portfolio of australian and new zealand radio and outdoor media assets and small regional print interests.
in november 2014, the company completed its acquisition of move, a leading provider of online real estate services. the acquisition expanded the company’s digital real estate services business into the u.s., one of the largest real estate markets. the aggregate cash payment at closing to acquire the outstanding shares of move was approximately $864 million, which was funded with cash on hand. the company also assumed equity-based compensation awards with a fair value of $67 million, of which $28 million was allocated to pre-combination services and included in total consideration transferred for move. the remaining $39 million was allocated to future services and will be expensed over the weighted average remaining service period of 2.5 years. in addition, the company assumed move’s outstanding indebtedness of approximately $129 million, which the company settled following the acquisition, and acquired approximately $108 million of cash.
the total transaction value for the move acquisition is set forth below (in millions):
cash paid for move equity                                                       $864
assumed equity-based compensation awards—pre-combination services                 28
total consideration transferred                                                  892
plus: assumed debt                                                               129
plus: assumed equity-based compensation awards—post-combination services          39
less: cash acquired                                                             (108   )
total transaction value                                                         $952
in november 2014, seek asia limited (“seek asia”), in which the company owned a 12.1% interest, acquired the online employment businesses of jobstreet corporation berhad (“jobstreet”), which were combined with jobsdb, inc., seek asia’s existing online employment business. the transaction was funded primarily through additional contributions by seek asia shareholders which did not have an impact on the company’s ownership. the company’s share of the funding contribution was approximately $60 million. in june 2015, the company purchased an additional 0.8% interest in seek asia for approximately $7 million, which increased the company’s investment to approximately 12.9%.
45
in august 2014, the company acquired harlequin enterprises limited (“harlequin”) from torstar corporation for $414 million in cash, net of $19 million of cash acquired. harlequin is a leading publisher of women’s fiction and extends harpercollins’ global platform, particularly in europe and asia pacific. harlequin is a subsidiary of harpercollins, and its results are included within the book publishing segment.
in july 2014, rea group purchased a 17.22% interest in iproperty group limited (asx: ipp) (“iproperty”) for total cash consideration of approximately $100 million. iproperty has online property advertising operations primarily in malaysia, indonesia, hong kong, macau, thailand and singapore. in december 2014, rea group sold squarefoot, its hong kong based business, to iproperty in exchange for an additional 2.2% interest in iproperty. as of june 30, 2015, including an acquisition of additional shares of iproperty in october 2014, rea group owns an approximate 19.9% interest in iproperty.
in april 2014, the rubicon project (“rubicon”), in which the company owned approximately 5.6 million shares as of march 31, 2014, completed an initial public offering of its common stock. the company sold approximately 850 thousand shares as part of the public offering which resulted in a pre-tax gain on sale of $6 million. prior to the public offering, the company’s investment in rubicon was recorded in the balance sheets at cost. as a result of the offering, the company’s remaining investment in rubicon was designated as an available-for-sale security as of april 2014, and carried at fair value. unrealized gains and losses from available-for-sale securities are reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax, in stockholders’ equity.
in december 2013, the company acquired storyful limited (“storyful”), a social media news agency, for approximately $25 million, of which $19 million was paid in cash, with the remainder primarily related to an earn-out that is contingent upon the achievement of certain performance objectives. the storyful acquisition complements the company’s existing video capabilities, including the creation and distribution of original and on-demand programming such as wsj live and ballball. storyful’s results are included within the news and information services segment.
in september 2013, the company sold the dow jones local media group, which operated eight daily and 15 weekly newspapers in seven states. the gain recognized on the sale of lmg was not significant as the carrying value of the assets held for sale on the date of sale approximated the proceeds received.
in april 2013, the company sold its remaining 10% investment in the dow jones indexes business to cme group, inc. (“cme”). since 2010, the company has divested all of its interests in the dow jones indexes business and stoxx and received cumulative proceeds of approximately $1 billion.
in march 2013, the company sold its 44% equity interest in sky network television ltd. for approximately $675 million.
in november 2012, the company acquired consolidated media holdings ltd. (“cmh”), a media investment company that operates in australia, for approximately $2 billion in cash and assumed debt of approximately $235 million. this acquisition supports the company’s strategic priority of acquiring greater control of investments that complement its portfolio of businesses. cmh owned a 25% interest in foxtel through its 50% interest in fox sports australia. the acquisition doubled the company’s stakes in fox sports australia and foxtel to 100% and 50%, respectively. accordingly, the results of fox sports australia have been included within the cable network programming segment in the company’s consolidated results of operations since november 2012. prior to november 2012, the company accounted for its investment in fox sports australia under the equity method of accounting. the company’s investment in foxtel is accounted for under the equity method of accounting.
in july 2012, the company acquired australian independent business media pty limited (“aibm”) for approximately $30 million in cash. aibm publishes a subscription-based online newsletter for investors and a business news and commentary website.
46
in july 2012, the company acquired thomas nelson, inc. (“thomas nelson”), one of the leading christian book publishers in the u.s., for approximately $200 million in cash.
results of operations—fiscal 2015 versus fiscal 2014
the following table sets forth the company’s operating results for fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                    2014                              change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                               better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                                           $3,835                   $4,019                  $(184   )                  (5   )%
circulation and subscription                                           2,654                    2,688                    (34   )                  (1   )%
consumer                                                               1,594                    1,374                    220                      16   %
other                                                                    550                      493                     57                      12   %
total revenues                                                         8,633                    8,574                     59                       1   %
operating expenses                                                    (5,025   )               (5,139   )                114                       2   %
selling, general and administrative                                   (2,756   )               (2,665   )                (91   )                  (3   )%
depreciation and amortization                                           (530   )                 (578   )                 48                       8   %
impairment and restructuring charges                                    (455   )                  (94   )               (361   )                  **
equity earnings of affiliates                                             58                       90                    (32   )                 (36   )%
interest, net                                                             56                       68                    (12   )                 (18   )%
other, net                                                                75                     (653   )                728                      **
income (loss) before income tax (expense) benefit                         56                     (397   )                453                      **
income tax (expense) benefit                                            (134   )                  691                   (825   )                  **
net (loss) income                                                        (78   )                  294                   (372   )                  **
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                (69   )                  (55   )                (14   )                 (25   )%
net (loss) income attributable to news corporation                     $(147   )                 $239                  $(386   )                  **
**   not meaningful

revenues—revenues increased $59 million, or 1%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. the revenue increase was primarily due to increased revenues at the book publishing segment of $233 million, primarily as a result of the acquisition of harlequin in august 2014, and increased revenues at the digital real estate services segment of $217 million, primarily as a result of the acquisition of move in november 2014, and to a lesser extent, increased revenues at rea group. these revenue increases were partially offset by a decrease in revenues at the news and information services segment of $422 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, primarily resulting from weakness in the print advertising market and the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by an increase in other revenues.
operating expenses—operating expenses decreased $114 million, or 2%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. the decrease in operating expenses was mainly due to lower operating expenses at the news and information services segment of $264 million due to lower production and distribution costs resulting from reduced sales, the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations and the impact of cost savings initiatives. the decrease in operating expenses was partially offset by higher operating expenses at the book publishing and digital real estate services segments, primarily due to the acquisitions of harlequin and move, respectively. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense decrease of $143 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
47
selling, general and administrative expenses—selling, general and administrative expenses increased $91 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses was primarily due to higher expenses at the digital real estate services segment, primarily as a result of the acquisition of move, including one-time transaction costs associated with the acquisition of $19 million, higher expenses at the book publishing segment, primarily as a result of the acquisition of harlequin, increased legal costs of $20 million at news america marketing and the impact of dual rent and other facility related costs of $13 million. these increases were partially offset by the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations, a decrease at the digital education segment of $89 million, primarily due to the capitalization of software costs at amplify in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, and the impact of cost savings initiatives. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative expense decrease of $127 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
depreciation and amortization—depreciation and amortization expense decreased $48 million, or 8%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to lower depreciation expense at the news and information services segment of $93 million, partially offset by increased depreciation at the digital real estate services segment and book publishing segment, primarily due to the acquisitions of move and harlequin, respectively. depreciation and amortization in fiscal 2014 included approximately $30 million related to accelerated depreciation at the u.k. newspapers as a result of changes in the useful lives of leased facilities that the company exited in fiscal 2014. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a depreciation and amortization expense decrease of $22 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
impairment and restructuring charges—during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, as part of the company’s long-range planning process, the company changed its strategy and related outlook with respect to the amplify reporting unit which resulted in a reduction in expected future cash flows for the business. as a result, the company determined that the fair value of this reporting unit declined below its carrying value and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $371 million, with no associated current tax impact, in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015. the charge primarily consisted of a write-down of the company’s goodwill of $325 million and a write-down of capitalized software development costs of $45 million. (see note 7 to the consolidated financial statements.)
in fiscal 2015, the company recorded restructuring charges of $84 million, of which $75 million related to the news and information services segment. the restructuring charges were primarily related to employee termination benefits.
in fiscal 2014, the company recorded impairment charges of $15 million, primarily related to the sale of a u.s. printing facility. in fiscal 2014, the company recorded restructuring charges of $79 million, of which $67 million related to the news and information services segment. the restructuring charges were primarily related to employee termination benefits.
equity earnings of affiliates—equity earnings of affiliates decreased $32 million, or 36%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to lower net income at foxtel.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015               2014                     change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                           better/(worse)
foxtel(a)                                     $59                 $90             $(31        )                (34    )%
other equity affiliates, net                   (1   )               —                   (1    )                **
total equity earnings of affiliates           $58                 $90             $(32        )                (36    )%
48
(a)                                                          in accordance with asc 350, “intangibles—goodwill and other” (“asc 350”), the company amortized $57 million and $62 million related to excess cost over the company’s proportionate share of its investment’s underlying net assets allocated to finite-lived intangible assets during the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014, respectively. such amortization is reflected in equity earnings of affiliates in the statements of operations. (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements).

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, foxtel revenues of $2,658 million were down from $2,897 million in fiscal 2014, due to the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations which more than offset higher subscription revenues. in local currency, foxtel revenues increased marginally. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, foxtel operating income of $441 million decreased from $554 million in fiscal 2014, primarily due to the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and short-term impacts related to investment in key initiatives: the new foxtel pricing and packaging, increased investment in presto and the launch of triple play. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 foxtel net income of $232 million decreased from $304 million in the prior year as a result of the decrease in operating income discussed above, partially offset by favorable fair value movements on hedged items.
interest, net—interest, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 decreased $12 million, or 18%, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to a lower overall cash balance during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 and the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations.
other, net—
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
(in millions)                                       2015                  2014
foreign tax refund payable to 21st century fox(a)              $—                   $(721   )
gain on third party pension contribution(b)                     —                      37
gain on sale of australian property                             —                      36
gain on sale of marketable securities(c)                       29                       6
dividends received from cost method investments                25                     —
gain on sale of cost method investments                        15                     —
other                                                           6                     (11   )
total other, net                                              $75                   $(653   )
(a)                                                                                                                        for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, the company recorded a receivable related to a refund of taxes plus interest in a foreign jurisdiction of $794 million and recorded a tax benefit, net of applicable taxes on interest, of $721 million to income tax benefit in the statements of operations. refunds received related to this matter were remitted to 21st century fox, net of applicable taxes on interest, in accordance with the terms of the tax sharing and indemnification agreement. accordingly, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, the company recorded an expense to other, net of $721 million for the payable to 21st century fox in the statements of operations. (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements).

(b)                                                      during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, a $37 million contribution was made by a third party to one of the company’s pension plans in connection with the sale of a business in a prior period. the contribution was contractually stipulated in the sale agreement and was made on behalf of former employees who retained certain pension benefits. this resulted in a gain being recognized in other, net in the statements of operations during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements).

(c)                                                                                                                      in august 2014, rea group completed the sale of a minority interest held in marketable securities for total cash consideration of $104 million. as a result of the sale, rea group recognized a pre-tax gain of $29 million, which was reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income and included in other, net in the statement of operations.

49
income tax (expense) benefit—the company’s income tax expense and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were $134 million and 239%, respectively, as compared to an income tax benefit and effective tax rate of $691 million and 174%, respectively, for fiscal 2014.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, the company’s effective tax rate increased 201% as a result of non-recurring impairment charges which are not deductible for tax purposes, partially offset by the benefit of foreign operations in australia and the united kingdom which were subject to lower tax rates which decreased the effective tax rate by 23%. (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements).
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 the company recorded a tax benefit, net of applicable tax on interest, related to refunds received from a foreign jurisdiction which increased the effective tax rate by 182%. in accordance with the terms of the tax sharing and indemnification agreement, the company remitted the foreign tax refunds to 21st century fox and recorded an expense to other, net in the statements of operations. (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements). the expense recorded to other, net is not deductible for income tax purposes and resulted in a 64% reduction to the effective tax rate. the company also recorded a benefit related to the effects of foreign operations in australia and the united kingdom which were subject to lower tax rates which increased the effective tax rate by 17%.
net (loss) income)—net income decreased $372 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. the decrease in net income primarily related to the impairment charge in the digital education segment, lower equity earnings and higher taxes as noted above, partially offset by higher segment ebitda and favorable depreciation expense.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests—net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased by $14 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, due to higher results at rea group.
segment analysis segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. segment ebitda does not include: depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, equity earnings of affiliates, interest, net, other, net, income tax (expense) benefit and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. management believes that segment ebitda is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operating performance of the company’s business segments because it is the primary measure used by the company’s chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of and allocate resources within the company’s businesses. segment ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts with a measure to analyze operating performance of each of the company’s business segments and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors’ data, although historical results may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences).
50
total segment ebitda is a non-gaap measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net (loss) income, cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. in addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment and restructuring charges, which are significant components in assessing the company’s financial performance. the following table reconciles total segment ebitda to net (loss) income:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                    2014                              change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                                       better/(worse)
revenues                                                      $8,633                   $8,574                    $59                       1   %
operating expenses                                            (5,025   )               (5,139   )                114                       2   %
selling, general and administrative expenses                  (2,756   )               (2,665   )                (91   )                (3     )%
total segment ebitda                                             852                      770                     82                      11   %
depreciation and amortization                                   (530   )                 (578   )                 48                       8   %
impairment and restructuring charges                            (455   )                  (94   )               (361   )                **
equity earnings of affiliates                                     58                       90                    (32   )                (36    )%
interest, net                                                     56                       68                    (12   )                (18    )%
other, net                                                        75                     (653   )                728                    **
income (loss) before income tax (expense) benefit                 56                     (397   )                453                    **
income tax (expense) benefit                                    (134   )                  691                   (825   )                **
net (loss) income                                               $(78   )                 $294                  $(372   )                **
**   not meaningful

for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                                          2014
(in millions)                          revenues                segment                 revenues                segment ebitda                                          ebitda news and information services            $5,731                   $603                   $6,153                   $665
book publishing                           1,667                    221                    1,434                    197
digital real estate services                625                    201                      408                    214
cable network programming                   500                    135                      491                    128
digital education                           109                    (93   )                   88                   (193   )
other                                         1                   (215   )                    —                   (241   )
total                                    $8,633                   $852                   $8,574                   $770
news and information services (67% and 71% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                    2014                          change                 % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $3,163                   $3,529             $(366        )                 (10   )%
circulation and subscription                     2,159                    2,245                   (86    )                  (4   )%
other                                              409                      379             30                     8             %
total revenues                                   5,731                    6,153                   (422   )                  (7   )%
operating expenses                              (3,442   )               (3,706   )         264                    7             %
selling, general and administrative             (1,686   )               (1,782   )         96                     5             %
segment ebitda                                    $603                     $665             $(62         )                  (9   )%
51
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, revenues at the news and information services segment decreased $422 million, or 7%, as compared to fiscal 2014. the revenue decrease was primarily due to lower advertising revenues of $366 million as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily resulting from lower print advertising revenues throughout the segment. circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 decreased $86 million as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily as a result of the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. other revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 increased $30 million, primarily due to increased other revenues at news corp australia.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, segment ebitda at the news and information services segment decreased $62 million, or 9%, as compared to fiscal 2014. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease at news america marketing of $20 million, due to increased legal expenses of $20 million, as decreased advertising revenues were offset by lower operating costs, a decrease at dow jones of $16 million, primarily due to lower revenues, partially offset by lower expenses related to volume declines and the impact of cost savings initiatives, a decrease at the australian newspapers of $10 million due to the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations, which more than offset lower expenses and the impact of cost savings initiatives, and a decrease at the u.k. newspapers of $10 million. the decrease at the u.k. newspapers was principally as a result of lower revenues, the impact of dual rent and other facility related costs of $13 million, one-time expenses of $11 million related to the termination of a distribution contract in connection with continued cost reduction initiatives and the release of legal reserves resulting from a favorable arbitration ruling in the prior year period of $8 million, which more than offset costs savings initiatives and lower marketing costs.
news corp australia revenues at the australian newspapers for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 decreased 9% compared to fiscal 2014 with the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against the australian dollar resulting in a revenue decrease of $145 million, or 8%. revenues declined marginally in local currency. advertising revenues declined $153 million, primarily as a result of the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations and weakness in the print advertising market in australia, partially offset by growth in digital revenues driven by news.com.au. circulation and subscription revenues declined $37 million due to the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations as price increases and growth in digital subscribers offset print volume declines. these decreases were partially offset by increased other revenues.
news uk for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, revenues at the u.k. newspapers decreased 7% as compared to fiscal 2014. the decrease was primarily due to lower advertising revenues of $82 million resulting from overall print market declines, primarily at the sun. circulation and subscription revenues decreased $18 million as single-copy volume declines at the sun and the sunday times and the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations more than offset the impact of price increases and print and digital subscriber growth. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against the british pound resulted in a revenue decrease of $45 million, or 3%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
dow jones revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 were down 4% compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to lower revenues of $28 million resulting from the sale of the dow jones local media group in september 2013, lower advertising revenues of $21 million as a result of print advertising declines and lower circulation and subscription revenues of $18 million, primarily as a result of decreased professional information business revenues of $42 million, partially offset by increased circulation revenues of $24 million as a result of price increases at the wall street journal and wsj.com. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $13 million, or 1%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015.
52
news america marketing revenues at news america marketing decreased 7% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to decreased revenues for free-standing insert products of $87 million.
book publishing (19% and 17% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                    2014                              change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                         better/(worse)
revenues:
consumer                                        $1,594                   $1,374                   $220                      16   %
other                                               73                       60                     13                      22   %
total revenues                                   1,667                    1,434                    233                      16   %
operating expenses                              (1,106   )               (1,029   )                (77   )                  (7   )%
selling, general and administrative               (340   )                 (208   )               (132   )                 (63   )%
segment ebitda                                    $221                     $197                    $24                      12   %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, revenues at the book publishing segment increased $233 million, or 16%, as compared to fiscal 2014. the increase was primarily the result of the acquisition of harlequin, which contributed $281 million of revenues during fiscal 2015. consumer revenues associated with print and digital book sales at harpercollins’ other divisions decreased $44 million, as increased backlist sales in the general and children’s books categories, notably american sniper by chris kyle, partially offset lower revenues from the divergent series by veronica roth of $84 million and the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the company sold 8.3 million net units of the divergent series in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to 19.2 million net units in fiscal 2014. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $20 million, or 1%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015. digital sales, which consist of revenues generated through the sale of e-books and digital audio books, represented 22% of consumer revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015. digital sales increased 11% as compared to fiscal 2014 due to the inclusion of harlequin results and increased digital audio book sales, partially offset by the lower contribution from the divergent series as well as a shift towards the non-fiction genre, which has lower e-book conversion. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, harpercollins had 214 titles on the new york times print and digital bestseller lists, with 15 titles reaching the number one position.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, segment ebitda at the book publishing segment increased $24 million, or 12%, as compared to fiscal 2014. the increase was primarily the result of the harlequin acquisition, which contributed $32 million to segment ebitda, strong backlist sales in the general and children’s books categories and lower expenses at harpercollins’ other divisions, offset by the lower contribution from the divergent series and approximately $5 million of one-time transaction costs related to the acquisition of harlequin.
53
digital real estate services (7% and 5% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                 2014                       change                 % change
(in millions, except %)                                                               better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                    $589                  $408             $181                   44            %
circulation and subscription                     36                     —             36                            **
total revenues                                  625                   408             217                    53            %
operating expenses                              (58   )                 —                    (58   )                **
selling, general and administrative            (366   )              (194   )               (172   )                (89    )%
segment ebitda                                 $201                  $214             $(13         )                (6     )%
**   —not meaningful

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, revenues at the digital real estate services segment increased $217 million, or 53%, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to the acquisition of move, which contributed $188 million in revenues during fiscal 2015, and higher revenues at rea group of $29 million due to the impact of increased listing depth product penetration in australia and higher pricing despite a decline in australian listing volumes across the market and the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $44 million, or 11%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, segment ebitda at the digital real estate services segment decreased $13 million, or 6%, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to a loss of $39 million related to the acquisition of move, which includes approximately $19 million in one-time transaction costs related to the acquisition and $21 million of equity-based compensation expense, partially offset by the increased revenues at rea group, noted above. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a segment ebitda decrease of $25 million, or 12%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
cable network programming (6% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2015 and 2014)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                 2014                       change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                               better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $82                   $82             $—                           —      %
circulation and subscription                    413                   403             10                    2             %
other                                             5                     6                    (1   )                (17    )%
total revenues                                  500                   491             9                     2             %
operating expenses                             (339   )              (340   )         1                            —      %
selling, general and administrative             (26   )               (23   )                (3   )                (13    )%
segment ebitda                                 $135                  $128             $7                    5             %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, revenues and segment ebitda at the cable network programming segment increased $9 million, or 2%, and $7 million, or 5%, respectively, as compared to fiscal 2014. the revenue increase was primarily due to higher affiliate and advertising revenues, partially offset by the negative impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the revenue increase was offset, in part, by higher
54
programming rights costs resulting from the broadcasts of the cricket world cup and asian cup. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against the australian dollar resulted in a revenue decrease of $45 million, or 9%, and a segment ebitda decrease of $12 million, or 10%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014.
digital education (1% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2015 and 2014)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                 2014                          change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                  better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                    $46                   $40                    $6                      15   %
other                                            63                    48                    15                      31   %
total revenues                                  109                    88                    21                      24   %
operating expenses                              (73   )               (63   )               (10   )                 (16   )%
selling, general and administrative            (129   )              (218   )                89                      41   %
segment ebitda                                 $(93   )             $(193   )              $100                      52   %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, revenues at the digital education segment increased $21 million, or 24%, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily as a result of higher other revenues due to tablet sales at amplify access and increased revenues at amplify learning as a result of the adoption of early grade print and hybrid learning products. circulation and subscription revenues increased due to higher subscription revenues at amplify access and insight.
segment ebitda at the digital education segment for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 increased $100 million, or 52%, as compared to fiscal 2014, primarily due to the impact from the capitalization of software development costs at amplify learning of $53 million as a result of certain products reaching their technological feasibility in fiscal 2015, reduced development expenses and the increased revenues noted above.
other (0% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2015 and 2014)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                 2014                          change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                  better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                      $1             $—                           $1                    **
total revenues                                    1                  —                        1                    **
operating expenses                               (7   )              (1     )                (6   )                **
selling, general and administrative            (209   )              (240   )                31             13            %
segment ebitda                                $(215   )         $(241       )               $26             11            %
**   —not meaningful

segment ebitda at the other segment for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 increased $26 million, or 11%, as compared to fiscal 2014. segment ebitda increased primarily due to lower costs associated with the u.k. newspaper matters. the net expense related to the u.k. newspaper matters included in selling, general and administrative expenses was $50 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to $72 million in fiscal 2014.
55
results of operations—fiscal 2014 versus fiscal 2013
the following table sets forth the company’s operating results for fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                    2013                          change                      % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                           better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                                           $4,019                   $4,346             $(327          )                  (8   )%
circulation and subscription                                           2,688                    2,669             19                                 1   %
consumer                                                               1,374                    1,286             88                                 7   %
other                                                                    493                      590                      (97   )                 (16   )%
total revenues                                                         8,574                    8,891                     (317   )                  (4   )%
operating expenses                                                    (5,139   )               (5,420   )         281                                5   %
selling, general and administrative                                   (2,665   )               (2,783   )         118                                4   %
depreciation and amortization                                           (578   )                 (548   )                  (30   )                  (5   )%
impairment and restructuring charges                                     (94   )               (1,737   )                1,643                      95   %
equity earnings of affiliates                                             90                      100                      (10   )                 (10   )%
interest, net                                                             68                       77                       (9   )                 (12   )%
other, net                                                              (653   )                1,593                   (2,246   )                  **
(loss) income before income tax benefit                                 (397   )                  173                     (570   )                  **
income tax benefit                                                       691                      374             317                               85   %
net income                                                               294                      547                     (253   )                 (46   )%
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                (55   )                  (41   )                  (14   )                 (34   )%
net income attributable to news corporation                             $239                     $506             $(267          )                 (53   )%
**   not meaningful

revenues—revenues decreased $317 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the revenue decrease was mainly due to lower revenue of $578 million at the news and information services segment, primarily resulting from lower advertising revenues; the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations; and lower revenues at dow jones, primarily from the disposal of the dow jones local media group, lower professional information business revenues and lower print advertising revenues. the revenue decrease was also impacted by lower revenues at the other segment of $20 million due to the sale of certain of the company’s non-core australian businesses in fiscal 2013 and decreases at the digital education segment of $14 million. the revenue decrease for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was partially offset by increased revenues at the cable network programming segment of $167 million reflecting the consolidation of fox sports australia in november 2012; increased revenues at the book publishing segment of $65 million, primarily resulting from increased book sales; and increased revenues at the digital real estate services segment of $63 million.
operating expenses—operating expenses decreased $281 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the operating expense decrease for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was primarily due to lower operating expenses at the news and information services segment of $393 million due to lower production costs resulting from reduced sales, the impact of cost containment initiatives and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. the operating expense decrease was partially offset by increased operating expenses at the cable network programming segment of $98 million, primarily resulting from the consolidation of fox sports australia in november 2012 and increased operating expenses at the digital education segment of $12 million due to increased development costs. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating expense decrease of $105 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013.
56
selling, general and administrative expenses—selling, general and administrative expenses decreased $118 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the decrease in selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was primarily due to decreased expenses at the other segment of $119 million, primarily resulting from lower fees and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters, and lower expenses at the news and information services segment of $55 million, primarily due to the impact of cost savings initiatives and the impact of foreign currency fluctuations. these decreases for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were partially offset by increased expenses at the digital education segment, the digital real estate services segment and the book publishing segment of $26 million, $17 million, and $9 million, respectively. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a selling, general and administrative expense decrease of $77 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013.
pension and postretirement plan expenses decreased $49 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to changes made to the company’s plans during fiscal 2014 and the favorable impact of changes in actuarial assumptions.
depreciation and amortization—depreciation and amortization expense increased $30 million, or 5%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to higher depreciation expense at the news and information services segment of $17 million, principally due to accelerated depreciation at the u.k. newspapers as a result of changes in the useful lives of leased facilities that the company exited in fiscal 2014, and higher depreciation and amortization expense at the cable network programming segment of $11 million due to the consolidation of fox sports australia in november 2012.
impairment and restructuring charges—in fiscal 2014, the company recorded restructuring charges of $79 million, of which $67 million related to the newspaper businesses. the restructuring charges were primarily related to employee termination benefits. in fiscal 2014, the company recorded impairment charges of $15 million, primarily related to the sale of a u.s. printing facility.
during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2013, as part of the company’s long-range planning process in preparation for the separation, the company adjusted its future outlook and related strategy principally with respect to the news and information services business in australia and secondarily with respect to the news and information services businesses in the u.s. these adjustments reflected adverse trends affecting the company’s news and information services segment, including declines in advertising revenue and continued declines in the economic environment in australia, and resulted in a reduction in expected future cash flows. as a result, the company determined that the fair value of these reporting units declined below their respective carrying values and recorded non-cash impairment charges of approximately $1.4 billion ($1.1 billion, net of tax) in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. the charges primarily consisted of a write-down of the company’s goodwill of $494 million, a write-down of intangible assets (primarily newspaper mastheads) of $862 million, and a write-down of fixed assets of $46 million. the impairment charges also included $42 million for the potential sale of assets at values below their carrying values.
in fiscal 2013, the company recorded restructuring charges of $293 million, of which $276 million related to the newspaper businesses. the restructuring charges primarily related to the reorganization of the australian newspaper businesses which was announced at the end of fiscal 2012 and the continued reorganization of the u.k. newspaper businesses. the restructuring charges recorded were primarily for termination benefits in australia and contract termination payments in the u.k.
57
equity earnings of affiliates—equity earnings of affiliates decreased $10 million, or 10%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to the consolidation of fox sports australia and the sale of the company’s investment in sky network television ltd., partially offset by the company’s increased ownership interest in foxtel.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014               2013                      change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                          better/(worse)
foxtel(a)                                                                   $90                  $66             $24                   36            %
pay television and cable network programming equity affiliates(b)            —                    51                   (51   )                (100   )%
other equity affiliates                                                      —                   (17   )         17                           (100   )%
total equity earnings of affiliates                                         $90                 $100             $(10        )                 (10   )%
(a)                                                            the company’s equity earnings related to foxtel increased $24 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, primarily due to the consolidation of fox sports australia as a result of the cmh acquisition and the underlying performance of foxtel. the company owned 25% of foxtel through november 2012. in november 2012, the company increased its ownership in foxtel to 50% as a result of the cmh acquisition. in accordance with asc 350, the company amortized $62 million and $43 million related to excess cost over the company’s proportionate share of its investment’s underlying net assets allocated to finite-lived intangible assets during the fiscal years ended june 30 2014, and 2013 respectively. such amortization is reflected in equity earnings of affiliates in the statements of operations. (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements).

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, foxtel revenues of $2,897 million were down from $3,184 million in fiscal 2013, due to the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations. in local currency, revenue was higher in the current year as a result of growth in subscriber revenues. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, foxtel ebitda of $903 million decreased from $932 million in fiscal 2013 reflecting the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations. in local currency, foxtel ebitda was higher primarily due to the increased revenues noted above and lower costs. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 foxtel depreciation and amortization expense decreased due to reduced intangible asset amortization from the austar acquisition.
(b)                                                includes equity earnings of fox sports australia and sky network television ltd. the company acquired the remaining interest in fox sports australia in november 2012 as a result of the cmh acquisition. the results of fox sports australia have been included within the cable network programming segment in the company’s consolidated results of operations since november 2012. in march 2013, the company sold its 44% equity interest in sky network television ltd. for approximately $675 million and recorded a gain of approximately $321 million which was included in other, net in the statement of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2013, the company received dividends from sky network television ltd. of $60 million.

interest, net—interest, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 decreased $9 million, or 12%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to a higher proportion of cash being held in lower interest yielding jurisdictions during fiscal 2014. the decrease for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was partially offset by increased interest income from the note receivable from foxtel due to an increased investment in foxtel as a result of the acquisition of cmh in november 2012. (see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements).
58
other, net—
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                        2013
(in millions)
foreign tax refund payable to 21st century fox(a)                  $(721           )                          $—
gain on third party pension contribution(b)                        37                                          —
gain on sale of australian property                                36                                          —
gain on cmh transactions(c)                                                —                               1,263
gain on sale of investment in sky network television ltd.(d)               —                                 321
gain on the financial indexes transactions(e)                              —                                  12
other                                                                      (5      )                          (3   )
total other, net                                                   $(653           )                      $1,593
(a)                                                       the company filed refund claims for certain losses, pertaining to periods prior to the separation, in a foreign jurisdiction that was subject to litigation. in the first quarter of fiscal 2014, the foreign tax authority determined that it would not appeal a ruling received by the company in july 2013 and therefore, a portion of an uncertain matter was resolved during the three months ended september 30, 2013. in the second quarter of fiscal 2014, the foreign tax authority completed its review and the remainder of the uncertain matter was resolved during the three months ended december 31, 2013. the company recorded $794
million for the tax refund and interest and recorded a tax benefit, net of applicable taxes on interest, of $721 million to income tax benefit in the statements of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. pursuant to the tax sharing and indemnification agreement, refunds received related to these matters are to be remitted to 21st century fox. accordingly, the company recorded an expense to other, net of $721 million for the payable to 21st century fox in the statement of operations for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014. (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements).

(b)                                                    during the first quarter of fiscal 2014, a $37 million contribution was made by a third party to one of the company’s pension plans in connection with the sale of a business in a prior period on behalf of former employees who retained certain pension benefits. this resulted in a gain being recognized in other, net in the statement of operations during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014.
(see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements).

(c)   see note 3 to the consolidated financial statements.

(d)   see note 5 to the consolidated financial statements.

(e)                                                   in april 2013, the company sold its 10% investment in its venture with cme. the company recorded a gain of $12 million on this transaction which was recorded in other, net for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. in addition, as a result of the transaction, the company was released from its agreement to indemnify cme with respect to any payment of principal, premium and interest made by cme under its guarantee of the third-party debt issued by the joint venture.

income tax benefit—the company’s income tax benefit and effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were $691 million and 174%, respectively, as compared to $374 million and 216%, respectively, for fiscal year 2013.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, the company recorded a tax benefit, net of applicable tax on interest related to refunds received from a foreign jurisdiction which increased the effective tax rate by 182%. in accordance with the terms of the tax sharing and indemnification agreement, the company remitted the foreign tax refunds to 21st century fox and recorded an expense to other, net. (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements). the expense recorded to other, net is not deductible for income tax purposes and resulted in a 64% reduction to the effective tax rate. the company also recorded a benefit related to the effects of foreign operations in australia and the united kingdom which were subject to lower tax rates which increased the effective tax rate by 17%.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 the effective tax rate was impacted by a 247% reduction relating to the non-taxable gain on the consolidation of cmh and reversal of the historic deferred tax liability related to the
59
consolidation of fox sports australia, a 56% rate reduction due to the non-taxable gain on the sale of the investment in sky network television ltd., and a 35% rate reduction due to the company’s foreign operations which are subject to lower tax rates, partially offset by an 87% rate increase due to the impact of non-deductible goodwill impairment charges.
net income (loss)—net income decreased $253 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013. the decrease in net income primarily related to the gain on the cmh transaction, and the gain on the sale of the investment in sky network television ltd. which occurred in fiscal 2013 as well as the tax benefit recorded as a result of the company’s fiscal 2013 impairment charges. these decreases in net income for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 were partially offset by lower restructuring and impairment charges. (see note 17 to the consolidated financial statements).
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests—net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased by $14 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, due to higher results at rea group.
segment analysis segment ebitda is defined as revenues less operating expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses. segment ebitda does not include: depreciation and amortization, impairment and restructuring charges, equity earnings of affiliates, interest, net, other, net, income tax benefit (expense) and net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. management believes that segment ebitda is an appropriate measure for evaluating the operating performance of the company’s business segments because it is the primary measure used by the company’s chief operating decision maker to evaluate the performance of and allocate resources within the company’s businesses. segment ebitda provides management, investors and equity analysts with a measure to analyze operating performance of each of the company’s business segments and its enterprise value against historical data and competitors’ data, although historical results may not be indicative of future results (as operating performance is highly contingent on many factors, including customer tastes and preferences).
total segment ebitda is a non-gaap measure and should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, net income (loss), cash flow and other measures of financial performance reported in accordance with gaap. in addition, this measure does not reflect cash available to fund requirements and excludes items, such as depreciation and amortization and impairment and restructuring charges, which are significant components in assessing the company’s financial performance. the following table reconciles total segment ebitda to net income.
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                    2013                          change                      change %
(in millions, except %)                                                                              better/(worse)
revenues                                                 $8,574                   $8,891             $(317          )                  (4   )%
operating expenses                                       (5,139   )               (5,420   )         281                                5   %
selling, general and administrative expenses             (2,665   )               (2,783   )         118                                4   %
total segment ebitda                                        770                      688             82                                12   %
depreciation and amortization                              (578   )                 (548   )                  (30   )                  (5   )%
impairment and restructuring charges                        (94   )               (1,737   )                1,643                      95   %
equity earnings of affiliates                                90                      100                      (10   )                 (10   )%
interest, net                                                68                       77                       (9   )                 (12   )%
other, net                                                 (653   )                1,593                   (2,246   )                  **
(loss) income before income tax benefit                    (397   )                  173                     (570   )                  **
income tax benefit                                          691                      374             317                               85   %
net income                                                 $294                     $547             $(253          )                 (46   )%
**   not meaningful

60
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                                          2013
revenues                segment                 revenues                segment ebitda                                          ebitda
(in millions)
news and information services            $6,153                   $665                   $6,731                   $795
book publishing                           1,434                    197                    1,369                    142
digital real estate services                408                    214                      345                    168
cable network programming                   491                    128                      324                     63
digital education                            88                   (193   )                  102                   (141   )
other                                         —                   (241   )                   20                   (339   )
total                                    $8,574                   $770                   $8,891                   $688
news and information services (71% and 76% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                    2013                          change                 % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $3,529                   $3,938             $(409        )                 (10   )%
circulation and subscription                     2,245                    2,370                   (125   )                  (5   )%
other                                              379                      423                   (44    )                 (10   )%
total revenues                                   6,153                    6,731                   (578   )                  (9   )%
operating expenses                              (3,706   )               (4,099   )         393                    10            %
selling, general and administrative             (1,782   )               (1,837   )         55                     3             %
segment ebitda                                    $665                     $795             $(130        )                 (16   )%
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, revenues at the news and information services segment decreased $578 million, or 9%, as compared to fiscal 2013.
the revenue decrease for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was primarily due to lower advertising revenues of $409 million as compared to fiscal 2013. the decrease in advertising revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was primarily due to lower advertising revenues at the australian newspapers of $314 million, principally resulting from weakness in the print advertising market in australia and the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations; lower advertising revenues at dow jones of $115 million, primarily due to the disposal of the dow jones local media group and lower print advertising revenues; and lower advertising revenues at the u.k. newspapers of $19 million, primarily resulting from overall print market declines, offset by favorable foreign currency fluctuations. the revenue decrease for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was also partially offset by increased advertising revenues at news america marketing of approximately $50 million, primarily due to higher in-store marketing revenues.
circulation and subscription revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 decreased $125 million as compared to fiscal 2013. the decrease was due in large part to a dow jones revenue decrease of $89 million, primarily due to lower professional information business revenue and the disposal of the dow jones local media group, partially offset by increased circulation revenues at the wall street journal and at wsj.com. revenues at the australian newspapers decreased $45 million, principally as a result of the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations, as decreased revenues due to lower print circulation volume were offset by price increases. revenues at the u.k. newspapers for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 increased $22 million as compared with fiscal 2013, primarily due to increased digital subscription revenues and price increases, partially offset by lower print circulation volume.
61
other revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 decreased $44 million, primarily due to decreased revenues at dow jones of $40 million.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, segment ebitda at the news and information services segment decreased $130 million, or 16%, as compared to fiscal 2013.
this decrease was primarily due to a decrease at the australian newspapers of $67 million, principally as a result of lower advertising revenues as noted above, partially offset by lower production costs and the impact of cost savings initiatives; a decrease at dow jones of $57 million, primarily due to lower professional information business revenue and the disposal of the dow jones local media group, partially offset by lower production costs and the impact of cost savings initiatives; and decreases at the u.k. newspapers of $57 million, primarily as a result of lower revenues as noted above, incremental costs related to dual rent and other facility-related costs and increased promotional spending and higher sports right acquisition costs associated with sun+. the segment ebitda decline for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was partially offset by an increase of $29 million at news america marketing, primarily due to higher revenues as noted above, partially offset by increased retail commission and production costs, and by the absence of losses of $15 million primarily from the daily which was shut down in december 2012.
news corp australia revenues at the australian newspapers for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 decreased 18%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily as a result of the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations and weakness in the print advertising market in australia. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the australian dollar resulted in a revenue decrease of $199 million, or 10%, for the fiscal year ended 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013.
news uk for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, revenues at the u.k. newspapers were relatively consistent with fiscal 2013 as increased digital subscription revenues, price increases and the positive impact of foreign currency fluctuations were offset by lower advertising revenues and lower print circulation volume. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against the british pound sterling resulted in a revenue increase of $54 million, or 4%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013.
dow jones revenues at dow jones decreased 13% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to lower revenues of $130 million resulting from the sale of the dow jones local media group in september 2013; lower professional information business revenues of $65 million; lower advertising revenues of $46 million resulting from lower volume, and the shift from print to digital advertising; and lower other revenue of $23 million, primarily resulting from lower third party printing and content distribution revenue. the revenue decrease was partially offset by increased circulation revenues at the wall street journal and at wsj.com of $20 million, primarily due to price increases, partially offset by lower print circulation volume.
news america marketing for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, revenues at the integrated marketing services business increased 4%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to increased revenues for in-store advertising.
62
book publishing (17% and 15% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                    2013                          change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                     better/(worse)
revenues:
consumer                                        $1,374                   $1,286             $88                   7             %
other                                               60                       83                   (23   )                 (28   )%
total revenues                                   1,434                    1,369             65                    5             %
operating expenses                              (1,029   )               (1,028   )                (1   )                   —
selling, general and administrative               (208   )                 (199   )                (9   )                  (5   )%
segment ebitda                                    $197                     $142             $55                   39            %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, revenues at the book publishing segment increased $65 million, or 5%, as compared to fiscal 2013. the increase in revenues for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was primarily due to higher print and digital book sales of $88 million, principally resulting from sales of the divergent series by veronica roth following the launch of allegiant in october 2013. the company sold more than 19 million net units of the divergent series during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, 35% of which were e-book sales. the book sales increase for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was also due to sales of the pioneer woman cooks: a year of holidays by ree drummond and the first phone call from heaven by mitch albom. the revenue increase for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was partially offset by a decrease in other revenues of $23 million, primarily due to the sale of the women of faith live events business and the decision to exit the third party distribution business. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a revenue decrease of $5 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013. e-book sales represented 22% of consumer revenues during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, as compared to 17% in fiscal 2013, representing a 35% increase. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, harpercollins had 158 titles on the new york times bestseller list, with 17 titles reaching the number one position.
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, segment ebitda at the book publishing segment increased $55 million, or 39%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to the increases in book sales noted above, the impact of ongoing operational efficiencies and higher contributions to profits from e-books reflecting the continued shift to digital book sales, which have lower production and distribution costs than print books, partially offset by dual rent and other facilities costs.
digital real estate services (5% and 4% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                 2013                       change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                               better/(worse)
revenues advertising                                    $408                  $345             $63                   18            %
total revenues                                  408                   345             63                    18            %
selling, general and administrative            (194   )              (177   )               (17   )                 (10   )%
segment ebitda                                 $214                  $168             $46                   27            %
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, revenues at the digital real estate services segment increased $63 million, or 18%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to the increase in revenue from listing depth product penetration in australia. the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against the australian dollar resulted in a revenue decrease of $46 million, or 13%, for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013.
63
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, segment ebitda at the digital real estate services segment increased $46 million, or 27%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to the revenue increase noted above, partially offset by increased expenses directly related to revenue growth supporting innovation, development and the sale of real estate advertising products.
cable network programming (6% and 4% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                 2013                          change             % change
(in millions, except %)                                                                                  better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                                     $82                   $55                   $27             49            %
circulation and subscription                    403                   259                   144             56            %
other                                             6                    10                    (4   )                 (40   )%
total revenues                                  491                   324                   167             52            %
operating expenses                             (340   )              (242   )               (98   )                 (40   )%
selling, general and administrative             (23   )               (19   )                (4   )                 (21   )%
segment ebitda                                 $128                   $63                   $65                      **
**   —not meaningful

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, revenues at the cable network programming segment increased $167 million, or 52%, and segment ebitda increased $65 million as compared to fiscal 2013, reflecting the consolidation of fox sports australia beginning in november 2012 due to the acquisition of cmh.
on a stand-alone basis, revenues at fox sports australia decreased 5% for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by stronger television advertising revenues, increased subscription revenues due to additional digital subscribers and higher affiliate pricing. on a stand-alone basis, segment ebitda at fox sports australia for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 decreased 2% as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to increased expenses and the adverse impact of foreign currency fluctuations, partially offset by the increased subscription and advertising revenues discussed above. the expense increase for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was primarily due to increased expenses associated with the renegotiated national rugby league contract, partially offset by the absence of costs associated with domestic cricket rights in the current fiscal year.
digital education (1% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                 2013                       change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                               better/(worse)
revenues:
circulation and subscription                    $40                   $36             $4                    11            %
other                                            48                    66                   (18   )                 (27   )%
total revenues                                   88                   102                   (14   )                 (14   )%
operating expenses                              (63   )               (51   )               (12   )                 (24   )%
selling, general and administrative            (218   )              (192   )               (26   )                 (14   )%
segment ebitda                                $(193   )             $(141   )         $(52        )                 (37   )%
for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, revenues at the digital education segment decreased $14 million, or 14%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to lower project-based consulting revenues at amplify insight.
64
segment ebitda at the digital education segment for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 decreased $52 million, or 37%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to increased product and curriculum development investment at the learning and access businesses.
other (0% of the company’s consolidated revenues in fiscal 2014 and 2013)
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2014                 2013                       change                % change
(in millions, except %)                                                               better/(worse)
revenues:
advertising                               $—                           $8             $(8         )                (100   )%
circulation and subscription                   —                        4                    (4   )                (100   )%
other                                          —                        8                    (8   )                (100   )%
total revenues                                 —                       20                   (20   )                (100   )%
operating expenses                             (1     )                 —                    (1   )                  **
selling, general and administrative            (240   )              (359   )         119                   33            %
segment ebitda                            $(241       )             $(339   )         $98                   29            %
**   —not meaningful

for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, revenues at the other segment decreased $20 million, or 100%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily due to the sale of certain of the company’s non-core australian businesses during fiscal 2013.
segment ebitda at the other segment for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 increased $98 million, or 29%, as compared to fiscal 2013, primarily as a result of lower legal and professional fees related to the u.k. newspaper matters of approximately $111 million and the absence of costs at the non-core australian digital businesses that were sold in 2013 of approximately $35 million. these decreases were partially offset by the lower revenues noted above and higher corporate overhead costs of approximately $10 million compared to an allocated basis used for fiscal 2013, and higher costs incurred by the company’s corporate strategy and creative group of approximately $20 million related to the development of new products and services and international rights acquisitions. prior to the separation, the company’s statement of operations included allocations of general corporate expenses for certain support functions that were provided on a centralized basis by 21st century fox. for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, the company’s statement of operations reflects actual corporate overhead costs incurred by the company as it performed these functions using its own resources or purchased services from either third parties or 21st century fox.
the company incurred gross legal and professional fees and costs for civil settlements related to the u.k. newspaper matters in selling, general and administrative expenses totaling approximately $169 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, of which $97 million, net of tax, has been or will be indemnified by 21st century fox. accordingly, the company recorded a contra expense for the after-tax costs that were or will be indemnified of $97 million in selling, general and administrative expenses for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 and recorded a corresponding receivable from 21st century fox. the net expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses was therefore $72 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to $183 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013.
liquidity and capital resources current financial condition the company’s principal source of liquidity is internally generated funds and cash and cash equivalents on hand. as of june 30, 2015, the company’s cash and cash equivalents were $1,951 million. the company expects
65
these elements of liquidity will enable it to meet its liquidity needs in the foreseeable future. in october 2013, the company established a revolving credit facility of $650 million. under the credit agreement (the “credit agreement”), the company may request increases in the amount of the facility up to a maximum amount of $900 million. in addition, the company expects to have access to the worldwide capital markets, subject to market conditions, in order to issue debt if needed or desired. although the company believes that its future cash from operations, together with its access to the capital markets, will provide adequate resources to fund its operating and financing needs, its access to, and the availability of, financing on acceptable terms in the future will be affected by many factors, including: (i) the company’s performance, (ii) its credit rating or absence of a credit rating, (iii) the liquidity of the overall capital markets and (iv) the current state of the economy. there can be no assurances that the company will continue to have access to the capital markets on acceptable terms. see part i, “item 1a. risk factors” for a further discussion.
as of june 30, 2015, the company’s consolidated assets included $616 million in cash and cash equivalents that was held by its foreign subsidiaries. $60 million of this amount is cash not readily accessible by the company as it is held by rea group, a majority owned but separately listed public company. rea group must declare a dividend in order for the company to have access to its share of rea group’s cash balance. the company earns income outside the u.s., which is deemed to be permanently reinvested in certain foreign jurisdictions. the company does not currently intend to repatriate these earnings. should the company require more capital in the u.s. than is generated by and/or available to its domestic operations, the company could elect to transfer funds held in foreign jurisdictions. the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may be cumbersome due to local regulations, foreign exchange controls and withholding taxes. additionally, the transfer of funds from foreign jurisdictions may result in higher effective tax rates and higher cash paid for income taxes for the company.
the principal uses of cash that affect the company’s liquidity position include the following: operational expenditures including employee costs; paper purchases and capital expenditures; income tax payments; and investments in associated entities and acquisitions.
in addition to the acquisitions and dispositions disclosed elsewhere, the company has evaluated, and expects to continue to evaluate, possible acquisitions and dispositions of certain businesses. such transactions may be material and may involve cash, the issuance of the company’s securities or the assumption of indebtedness.
issuer purchases of equity securities in may 2013, the board of directors authorized the company to repurchase up to an aggregate of $500 million of its class a common stock. on may 10, 2015, the company announced it had begun repurchasing shares of class a common stock under the stock repurchase program. through august 6, 2015 the company repurchased approximately 3.0 million shares of class a common stock for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $45 million. the remaining authorized amount under the stock repurchase program as of august 6, 2015 was approximately $455 million. all decisions regarding any future stock repurchases are at the sole discretion of a duly appointed committee of the board of directors and management. the committee’s decisions regarding future stock repurchases will be evaluated from time to time in light of many factors, including the company’s financial condition, earnings, capital requirements and debt facility covenants, other contractual restrictions, as well as legal requirements, regulatory constraints, industry practice and other factors that the committee may deem relevant. the stock repurchase authorization may be modified, extended, suspended or discontinued at any time by the board of directors and the board of directors cannot provide any assurances that any additional shares will be repurchased.
dividends in august 2015, the board of directors declared a semi-annual cash dividend of $0.10 per share of class a common stock and class b common stock. this dividend is payable on october 21, 2015 with a record date
66
for determining dividend entitlements of september 16, 2015. this is the company’s first dividend since completing the separation.
sources and uses of cash—fiscal 2015 versus fiscal 2014
net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,         2015          2014
net cash provided by operating activities          $831          $854
net cash provided by operating activities decreased by $23 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014. the decrease was primarily due to the absence of the net receipts related to a foreign tax refund of $73 million and lease incentives of $35 million received during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, as well as higher net tax payments of $54 million and approximately $45 million of higher deferred payments related to the acquisition of wireless generation in the fiscal year ended june 30 2015. the decrease in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 was partially offset by lower pension contributions of $92 million, lower restructuring payments of $55 million and lower payments for fees and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters of $31 million. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s dollar against local currencies resulted in an operating cash flow decrease of approximately $55 million, or 6%.
net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,     2015                2014
net cash used in investing activities       $(1,741     )       $(306     )
the company had net cash used in investing activities of $1,741 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to net cash used in investing activities of $306 million for fiscal 2014. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015, the company used $1,190 million of cash for acquisitions, primarily the acquisitions of move and harlequin, and used $355 million of cash for investments, primarily consisting of approximately $112 million for its investment in apn, $100 million for its investment in iproperty and approximately $67 million for its investment in seek asia. the company also had capital expenditures of $378 million which included $50 million related to the relocation of the company’s operations to a new site in london and approximately $53 million related to amplify’s curriculum products. the net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 was partially offset by proceeds from dispositions of $182 million, primarily resulting from the sale of marketable securities.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, the company had capital expenditures of $379 million and made investments of $84 million, primarily in marketable securities. in fiscal 2014, the company utilized $45 million for acquisitions, primarily to acquire storyful. the net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was partially offset by proceeds from dispositions of $202 million, primarily resulting from the sale of the dow jones local media group.
net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015 and 2014 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,                   2015              2014
net cash (used in) provided by financing activities       $(190     )          $189
the change in net cash used in financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015 as compared to the net cash provided by financing activities in fiscal 2014 was primarily due to the repayment of debt assumed in the acquisition of move of approximately $129 million and repurchase of news corp shares for $30 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015.
67
cash provided from financing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 is attributable to net transfers from 21st century fox and its affiliates of $217 million.
sources and uses of cash—fiscal 2014 versus fiscal 2013
net cash provided by operating activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2014 and 2013 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,         2014          2013
net cash provided by operating activities          $854          $501
net cash provided by operating activities improved by $353 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013, which was primarily due to the increase in cable network programming segment ebitda due to the consolidation of fox sports australia of $65 million, lower restructuring payments of $174 million, lower payments for fees and costs related to the u.k. newspaper matters of $108 million and lower pension contributions of $81 million. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was partially offset by lower cash distributions of $67 million primarily from the absence of cash distributions from sky network television ltd. as the company sold its investment in sky network television ltd. in march 2013.
net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2014 and 2013 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,     2014              2013
net cash used in investing activities       $(306     )       $(1,674     )
the company had net cash used in investing activities of $306 million for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to $1,674 million for fiscal 2013. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, the company had capital expenditures of $379 million and made investments of $84 million, primarily in marketable securities. during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014, the company used $45 million of cash for acquisitions, of which $19 million related to the acquisition of storyful. the net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 was partially offset by proceeds from dispositions of $202 million, primarily resulting from the sale of the dow jones local media group and other property sales.
during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013, the company utilized $2,156 million in cash for acquisitions, primarily for the acquisition of consolidated media holdings ltd. and thomas nelson and had capital expenditures of $332 million. the net cash used in investing activities for the fiscal year ended june 30, 2013 was partially offset by proceeds from dispositions of $826 million primarily resulting from the sale of the investment in sky network television ltd. and the company’s investment in its venture with cme.
the company expects its total capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 to be relatively similar to those in fiscal 2014, however, at the digital education segment we expect to capitalize approximately $60 million related to curriculum development costs in fiscal 2015.
net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2014 and 2013 was as follows (in millions):
for the fiscal years ended june 30,         2014          2013
net cash provided by financing activities          $189          $2,486
the change in net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily due to net transfers from 21st century fox and its affiliates of $217 million during the fiscal year ended june 30, 2014 as compared to $2.7 billion in fiscal 2013, partially offset by the payment of debt acquired in the acquisition of cmh of approximately $235 million.
68
reconciliation of free cash flow available to news corporation free cash flow available to news corporation is a non-gaap financial measure defined as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures and rea group free cash flow, plus cash dividends received from rea group.
the company considers free cash flow available to news corporation to provide useful information to management and investors about the amount of cash generated by the business after capital expenditures which can then be used for strategic opportunities including, among others, investing in the company’s business, strategic acquisitions, strengthening the company’s balance sheet, dividend payouts and repurchasing stock. a limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation is that it does not represent the total increase or decrease in the cash balance for the period. management compensates for the limitation of free cash flow available to news corporation by also relying on the net change in cash and cash equivalents as presented in the company’s consolidated statements of cash flows prepared in accordance with gaap which incorporates all cash movements during the period.
the following table presents a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow available to news corporation:
for the fiscal years ended june 30,
2015                   2014                     2013
(in millions)
net cash provided by operating activities                $831                     $854                     $501
less: capital expenditures                               (378   )                 (379   )                 (332   )
453                      475                      169
less: rea group free cash flow                           (130   )                 (145   )                 (127   )
plus: cash dividends received from rea group               45                       35                       30
free cash flow available to news corporation             $368                     $365                      $72
free cash flow available to news corporation improved by $3 million in fiscal 2015 to $368 million from $365 million in fiscal 2014. the improvement was primarily due to higher dividends received from rea and lower rea group free cash flow, which is excluded from free cash flow available to news corp, offset by lower cash provided by operating activities as discussed above. the impact of foreign currency fluctuations of the u.s. dollar against local currencies resulted in a decrease of free cash flow available to news corporation of approximately $30 million, or 8% for fiscal 2015.
free cash flow available to news corporation in fiscal 2014 of $365 million increased from $72 million in fiscal 2013 primarily due to the changes in net cash provided by operating activities discussed above, partially offset by increased capital expenditures.
revolving credit agreement the company’s credit agreement provides for an unsecured $650 million five-year revolving credit facility (the “facility”) that can be used for general corporate purposes. the facility has a sublimit of $100 million available for issuances of letters of credit. under the credit agreement, the company may request increases in the amount of the facility up to a maximum amount of $900 million. subject to certain conditions stated in the credit agreement, the company may borrow, prepay and reborrow amounts under the facility during the term of the credit agreement. all amounts under the credit agreement are due on october 23, 2018, unless the commitments are terminated earlier either at the request of the company or, if an event of default occurs, by the designated agent at the request or with the consent of the lenders (or automatically in the case of certain bankruptcy-related events). the company may request that the commitments be extended under certain
69
circumstances as set forth in the credit agreement for up to two additional one-year periods. additionally, interest on borrowings is based on either (a) a eurodollar rate formula or (b) the base rate formula, each as set forth in the credit agreement.
the credit agreement contains certain customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default, with customary exceptions, including limitations on the ability of the company and the company’s subsidiaries to engage in transactions with affiliates, incur liens, merge into or consolidate with any other entity, incur subsidiary debt or dispose of all or substantially all of its assets or all or substantially all of the stock of its subsidiaries taken as a whole. in addition, the credit agreement requires the company to maintain an adjusted operating income leverage ratio of not more than 3.0 to 1.0 and an interest coverage ratio of not less than 3.0 to 1.0. if any of the events of default occur and are not cured within applicable grace periods or waived, any unpaid amounts under the credit agreement may be declared immediately due and payable. as of june 30, 2015, the company was in compliance with all of the applicable debt covenants.
the applicable margin and the commitment fee are based on the pricing grid in the credit agreement which varies based on the company’s adjusted operating income leverage ratio. as of june 30, 2015, the company is paying a commitment fee of 0.25% on any undrawn balance and an applicable margin of 0.50% for a base rate borrowing and 1.50% for a eurodollar rate borrowing.
as of the date of this filing, the company has not borrowed any funds under the facility.
commitments the company has commitments under certain firm contractual arrangements (“firm commitments”) to make future payments. these firm commitments secure the future rights to various assets and services to be used in the normal course of operations. the following table summarizes the company’s material firm commitments as of june 30, 2015.
as of june 30, 2015
payments due by period total                    1 year             2-3 years             4-5 years           after 5
years
(in millions)
purchase obligations(a)                         $941                       $353                  $220                  $118           $250
sports programming rights(b)                    324                         125                   181                    15           3
operating leases(c)
land and buildings                                    1,710                 138                   276                   264                 1,032
plant and machinery                             5                             3                     2                     —                 —
total commitments and contractual obligations   $2,980                     $619                  $679                  $397           $1,285
(a)   the company has commitments under purchase obligations related to printing contracts, capital projects, marketing agreements and other legally binding commitments.

(b)   the company has sports programming rights commitments with national rugby league, football federation australia, english premier league as well as certain other broadcast rights which are payable through fiscal 2021.

(c)               the company leases office facilities, warehouse facilities, printing plants and equipment. these leases, which are classified as operating leases, are expected to be paid at certain dates through fiscal 2062. this amount includes approximately $280 million of office facilities that have been subleased from 21st century fox.

the company has certain contracts to purchase newsprint, ink and plates that require the company to purchase a percentage of its total requirements. since the quantities purchased annually under these contracts are not fixed and are based on the company’s total requirements, the amount of the related payments for these purchases is excluded from the table above.
70
the table also excludes the company’s pension, other postretirement benefits (“opeb”) obligations and the liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions as the company is unable to reasonably predict the ultimate amount and timing of the commitments. the company made contributions of $9 million and $137 million to its pension plans in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014, respectively. included within the total contributions for fiscal 2014, were contributions of approximately $37 million which were made by a third party in connection with the sale of a business in a prior period on behalf of former employees who retained certain pension benefits. these contributions were a combination of required and voluntary contributions made to improve the funding status of the plans. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns and interest rates and statutory requirements. the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $25 million in fiscal 2016, assuming that actual plan asset returns are consistent with the company’s expected returns in fiscal 2015 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. payments due to participants under the company’s pension plans are primarily paid out of underlying trusts. payments due under the company’s opeb plans are not required to be funded in advance, but are paid as medical costs are incurred by covered retiree populations, and are principally dependent upon the future cost of retiree medical benefits under the company’s opeb plans. the company expects its opeb payments to approximate $10 million in fiscal 2016. (see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company’s pension and opeb plans).
contingencies as disclosed in the notes to the financial statements, governmental authorities in the u.k. continue to conduct investigations initiated in 2011 with respect to the u.k. newspaper matters. the company is cooperating with these investigations.
civil claims have also been brought against the company with respect to the u.k. newspaper matters. the company has admitted liability in many civil cases and has settled a number of cases. the company has also settled a number of claims through a private compensation scheme established by the company under which parties could pursue claims against it. while additional civil lawsuits may be filed, no additional civil claims may be brought under the compensation scheme after april 8, 2013.
in connection with the separation, the company and 21st century fox agreed in the separation and distribution agreement that 21st century fox will indemnify the company for payments made after the distribution date arising out of civil claims and investigations relating to the u.k. newspaper matters as well as legal and professional fees and expenses paid in connection with the criminal matters, other than fees, expenses and costs relating to employees (i) who are not directors, officers or certain designated employees or (ii) with respect to civil matters, who are not co-defendants with the company or 21st century fox. in addition, violations of law may result in criminal fines or penalties for which the company will not be indemnified by 21st century fox. 21st century fox’s indemnification obligations with respect to these matters will be settled on an after-tax basis.
as of june 30, 2015, the company has provided for its best estimate of the liability for the claims that have been filed and costs incurred, including liabilities associated with employment taxes, and has accrued approximately $125 million, of which approximately $63 million will be indemnified by 21st century fox, and a corresponding receivable was recorded in amounts due from 21st century fox on the balance sheet. it is not possible to estimate the liability or corresponding receivable for any additional claims that may be filed given the information that is currently available to the company. if more claims are filed and additional information becomes available, the company will update the liability provision and corresponding receivable for such matters.
the company’s operations are subject to tax in various domestic and international jurisdictions and as a matter of course, it is regularly audited by federal, state and foreign tax authorities. the company believes it has appropriately accrued for the expected outcome of all pending tax matters and does not currently anticipate that
71
the ultimate resolution of pending tax matters will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, future results of operations or liquidity. as subsidiaries of 21st century fox prior to the separation, the company and each of its domestic subsidiaries have joint and several liability with 21st century fox for the consolidated u.s. federal income taxes of the 21st century fox consolidated group relating to any taxable periods during which the company or any of the company’s domestic subsidiaries were a member of the 21st century fox consolidated group. consequently, the company could be liable in the event any such liability is incurred, and not discharged, by any other member of the 21st century fox consolidated group. the tax sharing and indemnification agreement requires 21st century fox to indemnify the company for any such liability. disputes or assessments could arise during future audits by the irs or other taxing authorities in amounts that the company cannot quantify.
critical accounting policies an accounting policy is considered to be critical if it is important to the company’s financial condition and results and if it requires significant judgment and estimates on the part of management in its application. the development and selection of these critical accounting policies have been determined by management of the company. (see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for the company’s summary of significant accounting policies).
long-lived assets long-lived assets, including goodwill, newspaper mastheads, trade names, distribution networks, publishing rights, copyrighted products, trademarks and property, plant and equipment. assets acquired in business combinations are recorded at their estimated fair value at the date of acquisition. goodwill is recorded as the difference between the cost of acquiring an entity and the estimated fair values assigned to its tangible and identifiable intangible net assets and is assigned to one or more reporting units for purposes of testing for impairment.
determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management’s judgment and often involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions, including assumptions with respect to future cash inflows and outflows, discount rates, asset lives and market multiples, among other items. identifying reporting units and assigning goodwill to them requires judgment involving the aggregation of business units with similar economic characteristics and the identification of existing business units that benefit from the acquired goodwill. the judgments made in determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of long-lived assets acquired, their reporting unit, as well as their useful lives can significantly impact net income. the company allocates goodwill to disposed businesses using the relative fair value method.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets the company tests goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth quarter and at other times if a significant event or change in circumstances indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of these assets has been reduced below their carrying value. the company uses its judgment in assessing whether assets may have become impaired between annual impairment assessments. indicators such as unexpected adverse economic factors, unanticipated technological change or competitive activities, loss of key personnel and acts by governments and courts, may signal that an asset has become impaired.
the valuation of goodwill requires assumptions and estimates of many factors, including revenue and market growth, operating cash flows, market multiples and discount rates. during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, as part of the company’s long-range planning process, the company completed its annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test.
with respect to its amplify reporting unit, the company changed its strategy and related outlook which resulted in a reduction in expected future cash flows for the business. as a result, the company determined
72
that the fair value of this reporting unit declined below its carrying value and recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $371 million, with no associated tax impact, in the fiscal year ended june 30, 2015. the charge primarily consisted of a write-down of the company’s goodwill of $325 million and a write-down of capitalized software development costs of $45 million. for the impaired reporting unit, significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method were discount rates (ranging from 12%-45%) and long-term growth rates (ranging from 0%-4%).
other than the impairment noted above, the company determined that the goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets included in the balance sheets were not impaired for the remaining reporting units. significant unobservable inputs utilized in the income approach valuation method for these reporting units were discount rates (ranging from 9%-14%), long-term growth rates (ranging from 0%-3%) and royalty rates (ranging from 0.5%-3.3%). significant unobservable inputs utilized in the market approach valuation methods were ebitda multiples from guideline public companies operating in similar industries and control premiums (ranging from 10%-15%).
significant increases (decreases) in royalty rates, growth rates, control premium and multiples, assuming no change in discount rates, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement. significant decreases (increases) in discount rates, assuming no changes in royalty rates, growth rates, control premium and multiples, would result in a significantly higher (lower) fair value measurement.
property, plant and equipment the company evaluates the carrying value of long-lived assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset group may not be recoverable, in accordance with asc 360, “property, plant, and equipment” (“asc 360”). an asset group is the lowest level of assets and liabilities for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. events or circumstances that might warrant an impairment recoverability review include, among other things, material declines in operating performance, significant adverse market conditions and planned changes in the use of an asset group.
in determining whether the carrying value of an asset group is recoverable, the company estimates undiscounted future cash flows over the estimated life of the primary asset of the asset group. the estimates of such future cash flows require estimating such factors as future operating performance, market conditions and the estimated holding period of each asset. if all or a portion of the carrying value of an asset group is found to be non-recoverable, the company records an impairment charge equal to the difference between the asset group’s carrying value and its fair value. the company generally measures fair value by considering sales prices for similar assets or by discounting estimated future cash flows using an appropriate discount rate. typical assumptions applied when using a market-based approach include projected ebitda and related multiples. typical assumptions applied when using an income approach include projected free cash flows, discount rates and long-term growth rates. all of these assumptions are made by management based on the best available information at the time of the estimates and are subject to deviations from actual results.
in fiscal 2015, other than with respect to the amplify reporting unit, as discussed above, the company determined that no events occurred or circumstances existed that required the company to test its fixed assets for impairment.
income taxes the company is subject to income taxes in the u.s. and various foreign jurisdictions in which it operates and records its tax provision for the anticipated tax consequences in its reported results of operations. tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and respective governmental taxing authorities. significant judgment is required in determining the company’s tax expense and in evaluating its tax positions including evaluating uncertainties as promulgated under asc 740, “income taxes.”
73
the company’s annual tax rate is based on its income, statutory tax rates and tax planning strategies available in the various jurisdictions in which it operates. significant management judgment is required in determining the company’s provision for income taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities and the valuation allowance recorded against the company’s net deferred tax assets, if any. in assessing the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets, management considers estimates of the amount and character of future taxable income. the company’s actual effective tax rate and income tax expense could vary from estimated amounts due to the future impacts of various items, including changes in income tax laws, tax planning and the company’s forecasted financial condition and results of operations in future periods. although the company believes current estimates are reasonable, actual results could differ from these estimates.
the company recognizes tax benefits from uncertain tax positions only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such positions are then measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. significant management judgment is required to determine whether the recognition threshold has been met and, if so, the appropriate amount of unrecognized tax benefits to be recorded in the financial statements. management re-evaluates tax positions each period in which new information about recognition or measurement becomes available. the company’s policy is to recognize, when applicable, interest and penalties on unrecognized income tax benefits as part of income tax (expense) benefit.
retirement benefit obligations the company’s employees participate in various defined benefit pension and postretirement plans sponsored by the company and its subsidiaries which are the direct obligations of the company (“direct plans”). in addition to the direct plans, prior to the separation, certain of the company’s employees participated in defined benefit pension plans sponsored by 21st century fox and as a result, the statements of operations included expenses related to these shared plans including expenses related to the company’s employees as well as allocations of expenses related to corporate employees through the corporate expense allocations. benefit costs related to employees’ participation in plans sponsored by 21st century fox did not recur in periods subsequent to the separation. (see note 1 and note 15 to the consolidated financial statements).
the company records amounts relating to its direct plans based on calculations specified by gaap. the measurement and recognition of the company’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans require the use of significant management judgments, including discount rates, expected return on plan assets, mortality and other actuarial assumptions. net periodic benefit (income) cost is calculated based upon a number of actuarial assumptions, including a discount rate for plan obligations and an expected rate of return on plan assets. current market conditions, including changes in investment returns and interest rates, were considered in making these assumptions. in developing the expected long-term rate of return, the pension portfolio’s past average rate of returns, and future return expectations of the various asset classes were considered. the expected long-term rate of return is based on a direct asset allocation assumption of 29% equities, 55% fixed-income securities and 16% cash and other investments. total net periodic benefit (income) costs for these direct plans were $(4) million, $7 million and $35 million, for the fiscal years ended june 30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
the discount rate reflects the market rate for high-quality fixed-income investments on the company’s annual measurement date of june 30 and is subject to change each fiscal year. the discount rate assumptions used to account for direct pension and other postretirement benefit plans reflect the rates at which the benefit obligations could be effectively settled. the rate was determined by matching the company’s expected benefit payments for the direct plans to a hypothetical yield curve developed using a portfolio of several hundred high-quality non-callable corporate bonds.
74
the key assumptions used in developing the company’s fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013 net periodic benefit (income) costs for its direct plans consist of the following:
2015               2014                2013
(in millions, except %)
weighted average discount rate used to determine net periodic benefit (income) cost           4.2    %            4.6    %            4.5   %
assets:
expected rate of return                                                                       6.3    %            6.8    %            6.8   %
expected return                                                                               $93                 $93                 $78
actual return                                                                                 $96                $109                $121
gain/(loss)                                                                                    $3                 $16                 $43
one year actual return                                                                        7.2    %            8.7    %           10.8   %
five year actual return                                                                       8.6    %           10.2    %            5.8   %
the weighted average discount rate is volatile from year to year because it is determined based upon the prevailing rates in the u.s., the u.k. and australia as of the measurement date. the company will utilize a weighted average discount rate of 3.9% in calculating the fiscal 2016 net periodic benefit costs. the company will use a weighted average long-term rate of return of 5.7% for fiscal 2016 based principally on a combination of current asset mix and historical experience of actual plan returns. the accumulated net pre-tax losses on the company’s pension plans as of june 30, 2015 were approximately $570 million which increased from approximately $528 million for the company’s pension plans as of june 30, 2014. this increase of $42 million was primarily due to a reduction in the discount rate for the u.k. plans and strengthening of the mortality tables utilized in measuring the company’s domestic pension obligations. lower discount rates increase present values of benefit obligations and increase the company’s deferred losses and also increase subsequent-year benefit costs. higher discount rates decrease the present values of benefit obligations and reduce the company’s accumulated net loss and also decrease subsequent-year benefit costs. these deferred losses are being systematically recognized in future net periodic benefit (income) costs in accordance with asc 715, “compensation—retirement benefits.” unrecognized losses in excess of 10% of the greater of the market-related value of plan assets or the plan’s projected benefit obligation are recognized over the average life expectancy for plan participants.
the company made contributions of $9 million, $137 million and $180 million to its direct pension plans in fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. in fiscal 2014, approximately $37 million of the contributions were made by a third party in connection with the sale of a business in a prior period on behalf of former employees who retained certain pension benefits. future plan contributions are dependent upon actual plan asset returns, statutory requirements and interest rate movements. assuming that actual plan returns are consistent with the company’s expected plan returns in fiscal 2015 and beyond, and that interest rates remain constant, the company anticipates that it will make contributions of approximately $25 million in fiscal 2016. the company will continue to make voluntary contributions as necessary to improve the funded status of the plans. see note 15 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion of the company’s pension plans.
75
changes in net periodic benefit costs may occur in the future due to changes in the company’s expected rate of return on plan assets and discount rate resulting from economic events. the following table highlights the sensitivity of the company’s pension obligations and expense to changes in these assumptions, assuming all other assumptions remain constant:
changes in assumption   impact on annual pension expense   impact on projected benefit obligation
0.25 percentage point decrease in   increase less than $1 million      increase $60 million discount rate
0.25 percentage point increase in   decrease less than $1 million      decrease $56 million discount rate
0.25 percentage point decrease in   increase $4 million                —
expected rate of return on assets
0.25 percentage point increase in   decrease $4 million                —
expected rate of return on assets recent accounting pronouncements see note 2 to the consolidated financial statements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements.
76
