item 1a. risk factors unless otherwise indicated, "we," "us," "our" and similar terms, as well as references to the "company," refer to o'reilly automotive, inc. and its subsidiaries.
our future performance is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties. although the risks described below are the risks that we believe are material, there may also be risks of which we are currently unaware, or that we currently regard as immaterial based upon the information available to us that later may prove to be material. interested parties should be aware that the occurrence of the events described in these risk factors, elsewhere in this form 10-k and in our other filings with the securities and exchange commission could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. actual results, therefore, may materially differ from anticipated results described in our forward-looking statements.
deteriorating economic conditions may adversely impact demand for our products, reduce access to credit and cause our customers and others with which we do business to suffer financial hardship, all of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
although demand for many of our products is primarily non-discretionary in nature and tend to be purchased by consumers out of necessity, rather than on an impulse basis, our sales are impacted by constraints on the economic health of our customers. the economic health of our customers is affected by many factors, including, among others, general business conditions, interest rates, inflation, consumer debt levels, the availability of consumer credit, currency exchange rates, taxation, fuel prices, unemployment levels and other matters that influence consumer confidence and spending. many of these factors are outside of our control. our customers' purchases, including purchases of our products, could decline during periods when income is lower, when prices increase in response to rising costs, or in periods of actual or perceived unfavorable economic conditions. if any of these events occur, or if unfavorable economic conditions challenge the consumer environment, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
overall demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket is dependent upon many factors including the total number of vehicle miles driven in the u.s., the total number of registered vehicles in the u.s., the age and quality of these registered vehicles and the level of unemployment in the u.s. adverse changes in these factors could lead to a decreased level of demand for our products, which could negatively impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
in addition, economic conditions, including decreased access to credit, may result in financial difficulties leading to restructurings, bankruptcies, liquidations and other unfavorable events for our customers, suppliers, logistics and other service providers and financial
13
institutions that are counterparties to our credit facilities. furthermore, the ability of these third parties to overcome these difficulties may increase. if third parties, on whom we rely for merchandise, are unable to overcome difficulties resulting from the deterioration in economic conditions and provide us with the merchandise we need, or if counterparties to our credit facilities do not perform their obligations, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
the automotive aftermarket business is highly competitive, and we may have to risk our capital to remain competitive.
both the do-it-yourself ("diy") and professional service provider portions of our business are highly competitive, particularly in the more densely populated areas that we serve. some of our competitors are larger than we are and have greater financial resources. in addition, some of our competitors are smaller than we are, but have a greater presence than we do in a particular market. we may have to expend more resources and risk additional capital to remain competitive. for a list of our principal competitors, see the "competition" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we are sensitive to regional economic and weather conditions that could impact our costs and sales.
our business is sensitive to national and regional economic and weather conditions, and natural disasters. unusually inclement weather, such as significant rain, snow, sleet, freezing rain, flooding, seismic activity and hurricanes, has historically discouraged our customers from visiting our stores during the affected period and reduced our sales, particularly to diy customers. extreme weather conditions, such as extreme heat and extreme cold temperatures, may enhance demand for our products due to increased failure rates of our customers' automotive parts, while temperate weather conditions may have a lesser impact on failure rates of automotive parts. in addition, our stores and distribution centers ("dcs") located in coastal regions may be subject to increased insurance claims resulting from regional weather conditions and our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely affected.
we cannot assure future growth will be achieved.
we believe that our ability to open additional, profitable stores at a high growth rate will be a significant factor in achieving our growth objectives for the future. our ability to accomplish our growth objectives is dependent, in part, on matters beyond our control, such as weather conditions, zoning and other issues related to new store site development, the availability of qualified management personnel and general business and economic conditions. we cannot be sure that our growth plans for 2016 and beyond will be achieved. failure to achieve our growth objectives may negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. for a discussion of our growth strategies, see the "growth strategy" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
in order to be successful, we will need to retain and motivate key employees.
our success has been largely dependent on the efforts of certain key personnel. in order to be successful, we will need to retain and motivate executives and other key employees. experienced management and technical personnel are in high demand and competition for their talents is intense. we must also continue to motivate employees and keep them focused on our strategies and goals. our business, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by the unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our key employees. we cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to attract qualified personnel, which could cause us to be less efficient, and as a result, may adversely impact our sales and profitability. for a discussion of our management, see the "business" section of item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
a change in the relationship with any of our key suppliers or the unavailability of our key products at competitive prices could affect our financial health.
our business depends on developing and maintaining close relationships with our suppliers and on our suppliers' ability or willingness to sell quality products to us at favorable prices and terms. many factors outside of our control may harm these relationships and the ability or willingness of these suppliers to sell us products on favorable terms. for example, financial or operational difficulties that our suppliers may face could increase the cost of the products we purchase from them or our ability to source product from them. in addition, the trend toward consolidation among automotive parts suppliers, as well as the off-shoring of manufacturing capacity to foreign countries, may disrupt or end our relationship with some suppliers and could lead to less competition and result in higher prices. we could also be negatively impacted by suppliers who might experience work stoppages, labor strikes or other interruptions to, or difficulties in the, manufacture or supply of the products we purchase from them.
risks associated with future acquisitions may not lead to expected growth and could result in increased costs and inefficiencies.
we expect to continue to make acquisitions as an element of our growth strategy. acquisitions involve certain risks that could cause our actual growth and profitability to differ from our expectations, examples of such risks include the following:
•   we may not be able to continue to identify suitable acquisition targets or to acquire additional companies at favorable prices or on other favorable terms.
•   our management's attention may be distracted.
•   we may fail to retain key personnel from acquired businesses.
•   we may assume unanticipated legal liabilities and other problems.
14
•   we may not be able to successfully integrate the operations (accounting and billing functions, for example) of businesses we acquire to realize economic, operational and other benefits.
•   we may fail, or be unable to, discover liabilities of businesses that we acquire for which we, the subsequent owner or operator, may be liable.
business interruptions in our distribution centers or other facilities may affect our store hours, operability of our computer systems, and/or availability and distribution of merchandise, which may affect our business.
weather, terrorist activities, war or other disasters, or the threat of them, may result in the closure of one or more of our dcs or other facilities, or may adversely affect our ability to deliver inventory to our stores on a nightly basis. this may affect our ability to timely provide products to our customers, resulting in lost sales or a potential loss of customer loyalty. some of our merchandise is imported from other countries and these goods could become difficult or impossible to bring into the united states, and we may not be able to obtain such merchandise from other sources at similar prices. such a disruption in revenue could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
we rely extensively on our computer systems to manage inventory, process transactions and timely provide products to our customers. our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches or other catastrophic events. if our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions. such a disruption of our systems could negatively impact revenue and potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
failure to achieve and maintain a high level of product and service quality may reduce our brand value and negatively impact our business.
we believe our company has built an excellent reputation as a leading retailer in the automotive aftermarket industry. we believe our continued success depends, in part, on our ability to preserve, grow and leverage the value of our brand. brand value is based, in large part, on perceptions of subjective qualities and even isolated incidents can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or litigation, which can negatively impact these perceptions and lead to adverse effects on our business or team members.
risks related to us and unanticipated fluctuations in our quarterly operating results could affect our stock price.
we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful indicators of our future operating results and should not be relied on as an indication of future performance. if our quarterly operating results fail to meet the expectations of analysts, the trading price of our common stock could be negatively affected. we cannot be certain that our growth plans and business strategies will be successful or that they will successfully meet the expectations of these analysts. if we fail to adequately address any of these risks or difficulties, our stock price would likely suffer.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile and could expose us to securities class action litigation.
the stock market and the price of our common stock may be subject to wide fluctuations based upon general economic and market conditions. the market price of our common stock may also be affected by our ability to meet analysts' expectations and failure to meet such expectations, even slightly, could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock.
in addition, stock market volatility has had a significant effect on the market prices of securities issued by many companies for reasons unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. downturns in the stock market may cause the price of our common stock to decline. in the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company's securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against such companies. if similar litigation were instituted against us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management's attention and resources, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
our increased debt levels could adversely affect our cash flow and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations.
we have an unsecured revolving credit facility and unsecured senior notes, which could have important consequences to our financial health. for example, our level of indebtedness could, among other things,
•   make it more difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including those relating to the senior unsecured notes and our credit facility;
•   increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes and opportunities in our industry, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to service the principal and interest on the debt, reducing the funds available for other business purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures or other cash requirements;
•   limit our ability to incur additional debt with acceptable terms, if at all; and
15
•   expose us to fluctuations in interest rates.
in addition, the terms of our financing obligations include restrictions, such as affirmative, negative and financial covenants, conditions on borrowing and subsidiary guarantees. a failure to comply with these restrictions could result in a default under our financing obligations or could require us to obtain waivers from our lenders for failure to comply with these restrictions. the occurrence of a default that remains uncured or the inability to secure a necessary consent or waiver could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
a downgrade in our credit rating would impact our cost of capital and could impact the market value of our unsecured senior notes, as well as limit our access to attractive supplier financing programs.
credit ratings are an important component of our cost of capital. these ratings are based upon, among other factors, our financial strength. our current credit ratings provide us with the ability to borrow funds at favorable rates. a downgrade in our current credit rating from either rating agency could adversely affect our cost of capital by causing us to pay a higher interest rate on borrowed funds under our credit facility and a higher facility fee on commitments under our credit facility. a downgrade in our current credit rating could also adversely affect the market price and/or liquidity of our notes, preventing a holder from selling the notes at a favorable price, as well as adversely affect our ability to issue new notes in the future. in addition, a downgrade in our current credit rating could limit the financial institutions willing to commit funds to our supplier financing programs at attractive rates. decreased participation in our supplier financing programs would lead to an increase in working capital needed to operate the business, adversely affecting our cash flows.
a breach of customer, team member or company information could damage our reputation or result in substantial additional costs or possible litigation.
our business involves the storage of personal information about our customers and team members. we have taken reasonable and appropriate steps to protect this information; however, if we experience a significant data security breach, we could be exposed to damage to our reputation, additional costs, lost sales or possible regulatory action. the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is constantly evolving, and compliance with those requirements could result in additional costs. there is no guarantee that the procedures that we have implemented to protect against unauthorized access to secured data are adequate to safeguard against all data security breaches, and such a breach could potentially have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
litigation, governmental proceedings, environmental legislation and regulations, employment legislation and regulations and healthcare reform legislation may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are, and in the future may become, involved in lawsuits, regulatory inquiries, and governmental and other legal proceedings, arising out of the ordinary course of our business. the damages sought against us in some of these litigation proceedings may be material and may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
environmental legislation and regulations, like the initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions and bills related to climate change, could adversely impact all industries. while it is uncertain whether these initiatives will become law, additional climate change related mandates could potentially be forthcoming and these matters, if enacted, could adversely impact our costs, by, among other things, increasing fuel prices.
our business is subject to employment legislation and regulations, including requirements related to minimum wage. our success depends, in part, on our ability to manage operating costs and identify opportunities to reduce costs. our ability to meet labor needs, while controlling costs is subject to external factors, such as minimum wage legislation. a violation of, or change in, employment legislation and/or regulations could hinder our ability to control costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.
the enacted patient protection and affordable care act, as well as other healthcare reform legislation considered by congress and state legislatures, significantly impacts our healthcare cost structure and increases our healthcare-related expenses. we continue to evaluate potential additional impacts the healthcare reform legislation will have on our business and the steps necessary to mitigate such impacts. if we cannot effectively mitigate the potential additional impacts of the healthcare reform legislation, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be adversely impacted.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations unless otherwise indicated, "we," "us," "our" and similar terms, as well as references to the "company" or "o'reilly," refer to o'reilly automotive, inc. and its subsidiaries.
in management's discussion and analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including
•   an overview of the key drivers of the automotive aftermarket industry;
•   key events and recent developments within our company;
•   our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013;
•   our liquidity and capital resources;
•   any contractual obligations to which we are committed;
•   any off-balance sheet arrangements we utilize;
•   our critical accounting estimates;
•   the inflation and seasonality of our business;
•   our quarterly results for the years ended december 31, 2015, and 2014; and
•   recent accounting pronouncements that may affect our company.
the review of management's discussion and analysis should be made in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information, forward-looking statements and other risk factors included elsewhere in this annual report.
forward-looking statements we claim the protection of the safe-harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as "estimate," "may," "could," "will," "believe," "expect," "would," "consider," "should," "anticipate," "project," "plan," "intend" or similar words. in addition, statements contained within this annual report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues and future performance. these forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the economy in general, inflation, product demand, the market for auto parts, competition, weather, risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses, our ability to hire and retain qualified employees, consumer debt levels, our increased debt levels, credit ratings on public debt, governmental regulations, terrorist activities, war and the threat of war. actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. please refer to the "risk factors" section of this annual report on form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015, for additional factors that could materially affect our financial performance. forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by applicable law.
overview we are a specialty retailer of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment and accessories in the united states. we are one of the largest u.s. automotive aftermarket specialty retailers, selling our products to both do-it-yourself ("diy") customers and professional service providers - our "dual market strategy." our stores carry an extensive product line consisting of new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, a complete line of auto body paint and related materials, automotive tools and professional service provider service equipment. our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price for most of the product lines we offer. for many of our product offerings, this quality differentiation reflects "good," "better," and "best" alternatives. our sales and total gross margin dollars are highest for the "best" quality category of products. consumers' willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum is a driver of sales and profitability in our industry. our stores also offer enhanced services and programs to our customers, including used oil, oil filter and battery recycling; battery, wiper and bulb replacement; battery diagnostic testing; electrical and module testing; check engine light code extraction; loaner tool program; drum and rotor resurfacing; custom hydraulic hoses; professional paint shop mixing and related materials; and machine shops. as of december 31, 2015, we operated 4,571 stores in 44 states.
operating within the retail industry, we are influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors including, but not limited to, fuel costs, unemployment rates, consumer preferences and spending habits, and competition. we have ongoing initiatives aimed at tailoring our product offering to adjust to customers' changing preferences and we also have initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as "purchasing up" on the value spectrum.
23
we believe the key drivers of current and future demand of the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of u.s. miles driven, number of u.s. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations, average vehicle age and unemployment.
•   number of miles driven - the number of total miles driven in the u.s. influences the demand for repair and maintenance products sold within the automotive aftermarket. according to the department of transportation, prior to 2007, the annual number of total miles driven in the u.s. had steadily increased; however, between 2008 and 2013, as the u.s. experienced difficult macroeconomic conditions and historically high levels of unemployment, the number of total miles driven in the u.s. remained relatively flat. in 2014, as the u.s. economy began to recover, miles driven also improved increasing 1.7%, and for 2015, miles driven increased 3.5%. in total, vehicles in the u.s. are driven approximately three trillion miles per year, resulting in ongoing wear and tear and continued demand for the repair and maintenance products sold within the automotive aftermarket. we believe that as total employment continues to improve, total miles driven in the u.s. should continue to increase in line with the historical trend of long-term annual growth.
•   number of u.s. registered vehicles, new light vehicle registrations and average vehicle age - the total number of vehicles on the road and the average age of the vehicle population heavily influence the demand for products sold within the automotive aftermarket industry. as reported by the auto care association, the total number of registered vehicles increased 6% from 2004 to 2014, bringing the number of light vehicles on the road to 253 million by the end of 2014. for the year ended december 31, 2015, the seasonally adjusted annual rate of light vehicles sales in the u.s. ("saar") was approximately 17.2 million, contributing to the continued growth in the total number of registered vehicles on the road. in the past decade, vehicle scrappage rates have remained relatively stable, ranging from 4.6% to 5.7% annually. as a result, over the past decade, the average age of the u.s. vehicle population has increased, growing 21%, from 9.4 years in 2004 to 11.4 years in 2014. we believe this increase in average age can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains and interiors and exteriors, and the consumer's willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better built vehicles. as the average age of the vehicle on the road increases, a larger percentage of miles are being driven by vehicles that are outside of a manufacturer warranty. these out-of-warranty, older vehicles generate strong demand for automotive aftermarket products as they go through more routine maintenance cycles, have more frequent mechanical failures and generally require more maintenance than newer vehicles. we believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.
•   unemployment - unemployment, underemployment, the threat of future joblessness and the uncertainty surrounding the overall economic health of the u.s. have a negative impact on consumer confidence and the level of consumer discretionary spending. long-term trends of high unemployment have historically impeded the growth of annual miles driven, as well as decrease consumer discretionary spending, both of which negatively impact demand for products sold in the automotive aftermarket industry. as of december 31, 2014, the u.s. unemployment rate was 5.6%, and as of december 31, 2015, the u.s. unemployment rate decreased to 5.0%, its lowest rate in over seven years. we believe, total employment should continue to increase, and we would expect to see a corresponding increase in commuter traffic as unemployed individuals return to work further aiding the positive long-term trend of growth of total miles driven in the u.s. and demand for automotive aftermarket products. aided by the anticipated increase in commuter miles, we believe overall annual u.s. miles driven should continue to increase in line with the historical trend of long-term annual growth, resulting in continued demand for automotive aftermarket products.
we remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core o'reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service.
key events and recent developments several key events have had or may have a significant impact on our operations and are identified below:
•   under the company's share repurchase program, as approved by our board of directors in january of 2011, we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of our common stock, solely through open market purchases effected through a broker dealer at prevailing market prices, based on a variety of factors such as price, corporate trading policy requirements and overall market conditions. our board of directors may increase or otherwise modify, renew, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, without prior notice. as announced on february 4, 2015, may 29, 2015, and february 10, 2016, our board of directors each time approved a resolution to increase the authorization amount under our share repurchase program by an additional $500 million, $500 million and $750 million, respectively, resulting in a cumulative authorization amount of $6.25 billion. each additional authorization is effective for a three-year period, beginning on its respective announcement date. as of february 26, 2016, we had repurchased approximately 52.1 million shares of our common stock at an aggregate cost of $5.56 billion under this program.
24
results of operations the following table includes income statement data as a percentage of sales for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
for the year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                       2014             2013
sales                                                               100.0   %        100.0    %       100.0    %
cost of goods sold, including warehouse and distribution expenses    47.7             48.6             49.3
gross profit                                                         52.3             51.4             50.7
selling, general and administrative expenses                         33.2             33.8             34.1
operating income (1)                                                 19.0             17.6             16.6
interest expense                                                     (0.7   )         (0.7    )        (0.7    )
interest income                                                         -                -                -
income before income taxes                                           18.3             16.9             15.9
provision for income taxes                                            6.6              6.1              5.8
net income                                                           11.7   %         10.8    %        10.1    %
(1)   each percentage of sales amount is computed independently and may not compute to presented totals.
2015 compared to 2014
sales:
sales for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased $751 million to $7.97 billion from $7.22 billion for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 10%. comparable store sales for stores open at least one year increased 7.5% and 6.0% for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. comparable store sales are calculated based on the change in sales of stores open at least one year and exclude sales of specialty machinery, sales to independent parts stores and sales to team members.
the following table presents the components of the increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2015 (in millions):
increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to the same period in 2014
store sales:
comparable store sales                                                                                                                                            $531
non-comparable store sales:
sales for stores opened throughout 2014, excluding stores open at least one year that are included in comparable store sales                                       117
sales for stores opened throughout 2015                                                                                                                            102
sales in 2014 for stores that have closed                                                                                                                           (6                    )
non-store sales:
includes sales of machinery and sales to independent parts stores and team members                                                                                   7
total increase in sales                                                                                                                                           $751
we believe the increased sales achieved by our stores were the result of store growth and the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and over-night access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance and our continued focus on serving both diy and professional service provider customers.
our comparable store sales increase for the year ended december 31, 2015, was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts for both our diy and professional service provider customers. the improvement in average ticket values was the result of the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles, and this improvement was without the benefit of an increase in the selling price of like kind items.
25
these better engineered vehicles require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time, which does create pressure on customer transaction counts; however, when repairs are required, the cost of replacement parts is, on average, greater. despite pressure from these better engineered vehicles requiring less frequent repairs, customer transaction counts increased for both our diy and professional service provider customers for the year ended december 31, 2015. these increases in transaction counts were driven by an increase in miles driven and a corresponding increase in vehicle maintenance, which was led by lower gas prices and decreasing unemployment levels. these factors created a positive macroeconomic environment, which was beneficial to both diy and professional service provider customer transaction counts. in addition, the increase in our diy transaction counts benefited from our continued focus on staffing our stores with knowledgeable parts professionals to assist our diy customers during high diy traffic periods, including nights and weekends, and the increase in our professional service provider customer transaction counts benefited from the continued growth of our less mature stores.
we opened 205 net, new stores during the year ended december 31, 2015, compared to 200 net, new stores for the year ended december 31, 2014. as of december 31, 2015, we operated 4,571 stores in 44 states compared to 4,366 stores in 43 states at december 31, 2014. we anticipate total new store growth to increase to 210 net, new store openings in 2016.
gross profit:
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $4.16 billion (or 52.3% of sales) from $3.71 billion (or 51.4% of sales) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 12%. the increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores and sales from new stores. the increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily due to product acquisition cost improvements, a smaller non-cash negative last-in, last-out ("lifo") impact and distribution system efficiencies. acquisition cost improvements are the result of our ongoing negotiations with our suppliers to improve our inventory purchase costs based on our increasing scale. the non-cash negative lifo impact is the result of our continued product acquisition cost reductions, and due to these acquisition cost reductions, we fully depleted our lifo reserve in 2013. our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost, and accordingly, we are effectively valuing our inventory at replacement cost. during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, our lifo costs were written down by approximately $28 million and $41 million, respectively, to reflect replacement cost. distribution system efficiencies are the result of leverage on our increased sales volumes and lower fuel costs.
selling, general and administrative expenses:
selling, general and administrative expenses ("sg&a") for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $2.65 billion (or 33.2% of sales) from $2.44 billion (or 33.8% of sales) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 9%. the increase in total sg&a dollars for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count and a $19 million litigation loss charge from an adverse verdict in a contract dispute with a former service provider. the decrease in sg&a as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily the result of increased leverage of store occupancy costs on strong comparable store sales results.
operating income:
as a result of the impacts discussed above, operating income for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $1.51 billion (or 19.0% of sales) from $1.27 billion (or 17.6% of sales) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 19%.
other income and expense:
total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $54 million (or 0.7% of sales), from $48 million (or 0.7% of sales) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 11%. the increase in total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily the result of a decrease in the amount of capitalized interest in the current period, as compared to the same period in the prior year.
income taxes:
our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $529 million (36.2% effective tax rate) from $444 million (36.3% effective tax rate) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 19%. the increase in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2015, was the result of higher taxable income in 2015, driven by our strong operating results. the decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2015, was primarily due to the non-typical favorable tax reserve adjustment, which was related to historical tax positions due to a previous acquisition, partially offset by a decreased benefit in the current period from the realization of employment tax credits.
net income:
as a result of the impacts discussed above, net income for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased to $931 million (or 11.7% of sales), from $778 million (or 10.8% of sales) for the same period one year ago, representing an increase of 20%.
26
earnings per share:
our diluted earnings per common share for the year ended december 31, 2015, increased 25% to $9.17 on 102 million shares from $7.34 on 106 million shares for the same period one year ago.
2014 compared to 2013
sales:
sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased $567 million to $7.22 billion from $6.65 billion for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 9%. comparable store sales for stores open at least one year increased 6.0% and 4.3% for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. comparable store sales are calculated based on the change in sales of stores open at least one year and exclude sales of specialty machinery, sales to independent parts stores and sales to team members.
the following table presents the components of the increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2014 (in millions):
increase in sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to the same period in 2013
store sales:
comparable store sales                                                                                                                                                                    $389
non-comparable store sales:
sales for stores opened throughout 2013, excluding stores open at least one year that are included in comparable store sales                                                                90
sales for stores opened throughout 2014                                                                                                                                                     85
sales in 2013 for stores that have closed                                                                                                                                                   (4                                )
non-store sales:
includes sales of machinery and sales to independent parts stores and team members                                                                                                           7
total increase in sales                                                                                                                                                                   $567
we believe the increased sales achieved by our stores are the result of store growth and the high levels of customer service provided by our well-trained and technically proficient team members, superior inventory availability, including same day and over-night access to inventory in our regional distribution centers, enhanced services and programs offered in our stores, a broader selection of product offerings in most stores with a dynamic catalog system to identify and source parts, a targeted promotional and advertising effort through a variety of media and localized promotional events, continued improvement in the merchandising and store layouts of our stores, compensation programs for all store team members that provide incentives for performance and our continued focus on serving both diy and professional service provider customers.
our comparable store sales increase for the year ended december 31, 2014, was driven by increases in average ticket values and customer transaction counts for both diy and professional service provider customers. the improvements in average ticket values were the result of the continued growth of the more costly, hard part categories as a percentage of our total sales. the overall growth in our hard part categories continues to be driven by our faster growing professional service provider sales, which are primarily comprised of hard part categories and by the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. these vehicles require less frequent repairs and the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time; however, when repairs are required, the cost of the replacement parts is, on average, greater. while the less frequent repairs required by these better engineered and manufactured vehicles does create pressure on transaction counts, both diy and professional service provider customer transaction counts were positive for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increases in professional service provider customer transaction counts were primarily driven by our acquired markets and the continued growth of less mature stores. the increases in diy transaction counts were driven by our ongoing focus on staffing our stores with knowledgeable parts professionals to assist our diy customers during high diy traffic periods, including nights and weekends.
we opened 200 net, new stores during the year ended december 31, 2014, compared to 190 net, new stores for the year ended december 31, 2013. as of december 31, 2014, we operated 4,366 stores in 43 states compared to 4,166 stores in 42 states at december 31, 2013.
gross profit:
gross profit for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased to $3.71 billion (or 51.4% of sales) from $3.37 billion (or 50.7% of sales) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 10%. the increase in gross profit dollars for the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily a result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores and sales from new stores. the increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily due to product acquisition cost improvements, partially offset by the lifo negative impact resulting from continued product acquisition cost reductions. acquisition cost improvements
27
are the result of our ongoing negotiations with our suppliers to improve our inventory purchase costs. during the third quarter of 2013, we fully depleted our lifo reserve due to acquisition cost improvements we realized over time. our policy is to not write up inventory in excess of replacement cost, and accordingly, we are effectively valuing our inventory at replacement cost. during the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, our lifo costs were written down by approximately $41 million and $22 million, respectively, to reflect replacement cost.
selling, general and administrative expenses:
sg&a for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased to $2.44 billion (or 33.8% of sales) from $2.27 billion (or 34.1% of sales) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 8%. the increase in total sg&a dollars for the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily the result of additional team members, facilities and vehicles to support our increased store count. the decrease in sg&a as a percentage of sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily the result of increased leverage of store occupancy costs on strong comparable store sales results.
operating income:
as a result of the impacts discussed above, operating income for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased to $1.27 billion (or 17.6% of sales) from $1.10 billion (or 16.6% of sales) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 15%.
other income and expense:
total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased to $48 million (or 0.7% of sales), from $45 million (or 0.7% of sales) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 8%. the increase in total other expense for the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily the result of increased interest expense on higher average outstanding borrowings.
income taxes:
our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased to $444 million (36.3% effective tax rate) from $389 million (36.7% effective tax rate) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 14%. the increase in our provision for income taxes for the year ended december 31, 2014, was the result of higher taxable income in 2014, driven by our strong operating results. the decrease in our effective tax rate for the year ended december 31, 2014, was primarily due to increased benefits from the realization of employment tax credits in 2014.
net income:
as a result of the impacts discussed above, net income for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased to $778 million (or 10.8% of sales), from $670 million (or 10.1% of sales) for the same period one year prior, representing an increase of 16%.
earnings per share:
our diluted earnings per common share for the year ended december 31, 2014, increased 22% to $7.34 on 106 million shares from $6.03 on 111 million shares for the same period one year prior.
liquidity and capital resources our long-term business strategy requires capital to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, operate and maintain existing stores and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our board-approved share repurchase program. the primary sources of our liquidity are funds generated from operations and borrowed under our unsecured revolving credit facility. decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns could negatively impact our ability to generate funds from operations. additionally, decreased demand or changes in customer buying patterns could impact our ability to meet the debt covenants of our credit agreement and, therefore, negatively impact the funds available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. we believe that cash expected to be provided by operating activities and availability under our unsecured revolving credit facility will be sufficient to fund both our short-term and long-term capital and liquidity needs for the foreseeable future. however, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows at or above recent levels.
28
liquidity and related ratios:
the following table highlights our liquidity and related ratios as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions):
december 31,         percentage change liquidity and related ratios   2015                             2014
current assets (1)                    $3,010              $3,065               (1.8         )%
current liabilities (1)                3,046               2,813                8.3          %
working capital (1)(2)                   (36   )             252             (114.3         )%
total debt (1)                         1,390               1,388                0.1          %
total equity                          $1,961              $2,018               (2.8         )%
debt to equity (1)(3)                 0.71:1              0.69:1                2.9          %
(1)   prior period amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation, due to the company's adoption of new accounting standards during the fourth quarter ended december 31, 2015. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
(2)   working capital is calculated as current assets less current liabilities.
(3)   debt to equity is calculated as total debt divided by total equity.
current liabilities increased 8% from 2014 to 2015. the increase in current liabilities was primarily due to the increase in accounts payable, resulting from inventory growth related to new store openings supported in part by our suppliers and additional supplier participation in our enhanced supplier financing program during the year, which allowed us to obtain more favorable payment terms. our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 99.1% as of december 31, 2015, as compared to 94.6% in the prior year.
the following table identifies cash provided by/(used in) our operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (in thousands):
for the year ended december 31, liquidity                                              2015                    2014                    2013
total cash provided by (used in):
operating activities                                          $1,281,476              $1,190,430              $908,026
investing activities                                            (407,188   )            (423,402   )          (388,754   )
financing activities                                          (1,008,547   )            (747,786   )          (536,082   )
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents           $(134,259   )             $19,242              $(16,810   )
capital expenditures                                            $414,020                $429,987              $395,881
free cash flow (1)                                               867,456                 760,443               512,145
(1)   calculated as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures for the period.
operating activities:
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to an increase in net income and a greater increase in income taxes payable, partially offset by a smaller decrease in net inventory investment and a decrease in accrued payroll-related liabilities. the larger increase in income taxes payable was primarily the result of higher accrued income taxes payable at the end of 2015, as compared to the end of 2014. net inventory investment reflects our investment in inventory, net of the amount of accounts payable to suppliers. our net inventory investment continues to decrease as a result of the impact of our enhanced supplier financing programs. our supplier financing programs enable us to reduce overall supply chain costs and negotiate extended payment terms with our suppliers. the smaller decrease in net inventory investment in 2015 was the result of fewer new suppliers entering our supplier financing programs in 2015, as compared to 2014. our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 99.1% and 94.6% as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the decrease in accrued payroll-related liabilities during 2015, as compared to the increase in 2014, was due to the timing of pay period end dates versus check dates.
the increase in net cash provided by operating activities in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to a greater decrease in net inventory investment and larger increases in net income and accrued payroll-related liabilities in 2014 as compared to 2013. the greater decrease in our net inventory investment was the result of increased supplier participation and support of our supplier financing programs. our accounts payable to inventory ratio was 94.6% and 86.6% as of december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in accrued payroll-related liabilities during 2014, as compared to 2013, was due to the timing of pay period end dates versus check dates and timing of payments for employer obligations under certain benefit plans.
29
investing activities:
the decrease in net cash used in investing activities in 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily the result of a decrease in capital expenditures. total capital expenditures were $414 million and $430 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively, and the decrease was primarily related to the construction of additional distribution facilities in 2014 to support our ongoing store growth, partially offset by an increase in the number of new store openings in 2015.
the increase in net cash used in investing activities in 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily the result of an increase in capital expenditures. total capital expenditures were $430 million and $396 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively, and the increase was primarily related to the mix of owned versus leased new stores opened in 2014, as compared to 2013, as well as an increase in the number of new store openings in 2014.
we opened 205, 200, and 190 net, new stores in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. we plan to open 210 net, new stores in 2016. the current costs associated with the opening of a new store, including the cost of land acquisition, building improvements, fixtures, vehicles, net inventory investment and computer equipment, are estimated to average approximately $1.5 million to $1.8 million; however, such costs may be significantly reduced where we lease, rather than purchase, the store site.
financing activities:
the increase in net cash used in financing activities during 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily attributable to a greater impact from the repurchases of our common stock under our share repurchase program during 2015.
the increase in net cash used in financing activities during 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily attributable to the net proceeds from the issuance of long-term senior notes during 2013, partially offset by a smaller impact from the repurchases of our common stock under our share repurchase program during 2014.
unsecured revolving credit facility:
on january 14, 2011, we entered into a credit agreement, as amended by amendment no. 1 dated as of september 9, 2011, and as further amended by amendment no. 2 dated as of july 2, 2013, and further amended by amendment no. 3 dated as of june 18, 2015 (the "credit agreement"). the credit agreement provides for a $600 million unsecured revolving credit facility (the "revolving credit facility") arranged by bank of america, n.a., which is scheduled to mature in july 2018. the credit agreement includes a $200 million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit and a $75 million sub-limit for swing line borrowings. as described in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, we may, from time to time subject to certain conditions, increase the aggregate commitments under the revolving credit facility by up to $200 million.
as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had outstanding letters of credit, primarily to support obligations related to workers' compensation, general liability and other insurance policies, in the amounts of $38 million and $48 million, respectively, reducing the aggregate availability under the revolving credit facility by those amounts. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had no outstanding borrowings under the revolving credit facility.
senior notes:
we have issued $1.4 billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due between january 2021 and june 2023 with united missouri bank, n.a. as trustee. interest on the senior notes, ranging from 3.800% to 4.875%, is payable semi-annually and is computed on the basis of a 360-day year.
the senior notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by each of our subsidiaries ("subsidiary guarantors") that incurs or guarantees obligations under our credit agreement or under other credit facility or capital markets debt of ours or any of our subsidiary guarantors. the guarantees are joint and several and full and unconditional, subject to certain customary automatic release provisions, including release of the subsidiary guarantor's guarantee under our credit agreement and certain other debt, or, in certain circumstances, the sale or other disposition of a majority of the voting power of the capital interest in, or of all or substantially all the property of, the subsidiary guarantor.  each of the subsidiary guarantors is 100% owned, directly or indirectly, by us, and we have no independent assets or operations other than those of our subsidiaries. our only direct or indirect subsidiaries that would not be subsidiary guarantors would be minor subsidiaries. neither we, nor any of our subsidiary guarantors, are subject to any material or significant restrictions on our ability to obtain funds from our subsidiaries by dividend or loan or to transfer assets from such subsidiaries, except as provided by applicable law.
debt covenants:
the indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) create certain liens on assets to secure certain debt; (ii) enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions; and (iii) merge or consolidate with another company or transfer all or substantially all of our or its property, in each case as set forth in the indentures. these covenants are, however, subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. as of december 31, 2015, we were in compliance with the covenants applicable to our senior notes.
30
the credit agreement contains certain covenants, including limitations on indebtedness, a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.50 times, and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.00 times. the consolidated leverage ratio includes a calculation of adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and non-cash share-based compensation expense ("ebitdar"). adjusted debt includes outstanding debt, outstanding stand-by letters of credit and similar instruments, six-times rent expense and excludes any premium or discount recorded in conjunction with the issuance of long-term debt. in the event that we should default on any covenant contained within the credit agreement, certain actions may be taken, including, but not limited to, possible termination of commitments, immediate payment of outstanding principal amounts plus accrued interest and other amounts payable under the credit agreement and litigation from our lenders. we had a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 5.99 times and 5.36 times as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, and a consolidated leverage ratio of 1.52 times and 1.72 times as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, remaining in compliance with all covenants related to the borrowing arrangements. under our current financing plan, we have targeted an adjusted debt to ebitdar ratio range of 2.00 times to 2.25 times.
the table below outlines the calculations of the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio covenants, as defined in the credit agreement governing the revolving credit facility, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in thousands):
for the year ended december 31,
2015                                                                               2014
gaap net income                                 $931,216                  $778,182
add: interest expense                             57,129                    53,290
rent expense                                     273,259                   263,028
provision for income taxes                       529,150                   444,000
depreciation expense                             203,388                   193,418
amortization expense                               6,868                       787
non-cash share-based compensation                 21,899                    23,095
non-gaap ebitdar                              $2,022,909                $1,755,800
interest expense                                 $57,129                   $53,290
capitalized interest                               7,423                    11,480
rent expense                                     273,259                   263,028
total fixed charges                             $337,811                  $327,798
consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio            5.99                      5.36
gaap debt (1)                                 $1,390,018                $1,388,422
add: stand-by letters of credit                   37,536                    47,861
discount on senior notes                           2,877                     3,385
debt issuance costs                                7,105                     8,218
six-times rent expense                         1,639,554                 1,578,168
non-gaap adjusted debt                        $3,077,090                $3,026,054
consolidated leverage ratio                         1.52                      1.72
(1)   prior period amount has been reclassified to conform to current period presentation, due to the company's adoption of new accounting standards during the fourth quarter ended december 31, 2015. see note 1 "summary of significant accounting policies" to the consolidated financial statements for more information.
free cash flow, the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio discussed and presented in the tables above are not derived in accordance with united states generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap"). we do not, nor do we suggest investors should, consider such non-gaap financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, gaap financial information. we believe that the presentation of our free cash flow, consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors and reflects the required covenants under our credit agreement. we include these items in judging our performance and believe this non-gaap information is useful to investors as well. material
31
limitations of these non-gaap measures are that such measures do not reflect actual gaap amounts. we compensate for such limitations by presenting, in the tables above, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
share repurchase program:
in january of 2011, our board of directors approved a share repurchase program. under the program, we may, from time to time, repurchase shares of our common stock, solely through open market purchases effected through a broker dealer at prevailing market prices, based on a variety of factors such as price, corporate trading policy requirements and overall market conditions. our board of directors may increase or otherwise modify, renew, suspend or terminate the share repurchase program at any time, without prior notice. as announced on february 4, 2015, may 29, 2015, and february 10, 2016, our board of directors each time approved a resolution to increase the authorization amount under our share repurchase program by an additional $500 million, $500 million and $750 million, respectively, resulting in a cumulative authorization amount of $6.25 billion. each additional authorization is effective for a three-year period, beginning on its respective announcement date.
the following table identifies shares of our common stock that have been repurchased as part of our publicly announced share repurchase program (in thousands, except per share data):
for the year ended december 31,
2015                                           2014
shares repurchased                4,901                   5,743
average price per share         $231.81                 $150.86
total investment             $1,136,139                $866,398
as of december 31, 2015, we had $143 million remaining under our share repurchase program. subsequent to the end of the year and through february 26, 2016, we repurchased an additional 0.8 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program, at an average price of $247.61, for a total investment of $202 million. we have repurchased a total of 52 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase program since the inception of the program in january of 2011 and through february 26, 2016, at an average price of $106.76 for a total aggregate investment of $5.56 billion. as of february 26, 2016, we had approximately $692 million remaining under our share repurchase program.
contractual obligations our contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015, included commitments for short and long-term debt arrangements, interest payments related to long-term debt, future payments under non-cancelable lease arrangements, self-insurance reserves, purchase obligations for construction contract commitments and other long-term liabilities, which are identified in the table below and are fully disclosed in note 6 "leasing," note 9 "share-based compensation and benefit plans" and note 10 "commitments" to the consolidated financial statements. we expect to fund these commitments primarily with operating cash flows expected to be generated in the normal course of business or through borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
deferred income taxes, as well as commitments with various suppliers for the purchase of inventory, are not reflected in the table below due to the absence of scheduled maturities, the nature of the account or the commitment's cancellation terms. due to the absence of scheduled maturities, the timing of certain of these payments cannot be determined, except for amounts estimated to be payable in 2016, which are included in "current liabilities" on our consolidated balance sheets.
we record a reserve for potential liabilities related to uncertain tax positions, including estimated interest and penalties, which are fully disclosed in note 12 "income taxes" to the consolidated financial statements. these estimates are not included in the table below because the timing related to the ultimate resolution or settlement of these positions cannot be determined. as of december 31, 2015, we recorded a net liability of $44 million related to these uncertain tax positions on our consolidated balance sheets, all of which was included as a component of "other liabilities."
we record a reserve for the projected obligation related to future payments under the company's nonqualified deferred compensation plan, which is fully disclosed in note 9 "share-based compensation and benefit plans" to the consolidated financial statements. this estimate is not included in the table below because the timing related to the ultimate payment cannot be determined. as of december 31, 2015, we recorded a liability of $17 million related to this uncertain liability on our consolidated balance sheets, all of which was included as a component of "other liabilities."
32
the following table identifies the estimated payments of the company's contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in thousands):
payments due by period contractual obligations                                                    total                 before       years1 and 2             years3 and 4             years 5
1 year                                                         and over long-term debt principal and interest payments (1)                $1,783,581               $61,200            $122,400                 $122,400                 $1,477,581
future minimum lease payments under operating leases (2)           2,132,524               259,815            483,758                  398,658                  990,293
other obligations                                          600                     600                        -                        -                        -
self-insurance reserves (3)                                          141,173                72,741            44,525                   15,539                   8,368
construction commitments                                              62,640                62,640            -                        -                        -
total contractual cash obligations                                $4,120,518              $456,996            $650,683                 $536,597                 $2,476,242
(1)   our revolving credit facility, which has a maximum aggregate commitment of $600 million and matures in july 2018, bears interest (other than swing line loans), at our option, at either the base rate or eurodollar rate (both as defined in the agreement) plus a margin, that will vary from 0.875% to 1.250% in the case of loans bearing interest at the eurodollar rate and 0.000% to 0.250% in the case of loans bearing interest at the base rate, in each case based upon the better of the ratings assigned to our debt by moody's investor service, inc. and standard &amp; poor's rating services, subject to limited exceptions. swing line loans made under the revolving credit facility bear interest at the base rate plus the applicable margin described above. in addition, we pay a facility fee on the aggregate amount of the commitments in an amount equal to a percentage of such commitments, varying from 0.125% to 0.250% per annum based upon the better of the ratings assigned to our debt by moody's investor service, inc. and standard &amp; poor's rating services, subject to limited exceptions. based on our current credit ratings, our margin for base rate loans was 0.000%, our margin for eurodollar rate loans was 0.875% and our facility fee was 0.125%. as of december 31, 2015, we had no outstanding borrowings under our revolving credit facility.
(2)   the minimum lease payments above do not include certain tax, insurance and maintenance costs, which are also required contractual obligations under our operating leases but are generally not fixed and can fluctuate from year to year. these expenses historically average approximately 20% of the corresponding lease payments. see note 6 "leasing" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our operating leases.
(3)   we use various self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, vehicle and general liability, and employee health care benefits. the self-insurance reserves above are at the undiscounted obligation amount. the self-insurance reserves liabilities are recorded on our consolidated balance sheets at our estimate of their net present value and do not have scheduled maturities; however, we can estimate the timing of future payments based upon historical patterns. see note 10 "commitments" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our self-insurance reserves.
off-balance sheet arrangements off-balance sheet arrangements are transactions, agreements, or other contractual arrangements with an unconsolidated entity, for which we have an obligation to the entity that is not recorded in our consolidated financial statements. we historically utilized various off-balance sheet financial instruments, including sale-leaseback and synthetic lease transactions, but we have not entered into any such transactions for over five years and do not plan to utilize off-balance sheet arrangements in the future to fund our working capital requirements, operations or growth plans.
we issue stand-by letters of credit provided by a $200 million sub limit under the revolving credit facility that reduce our available borrowings under the revolving credit facility. those letters of credit are issued primarily to satisfy the requirements of workers' compensation, general liability and other insurance policies. substantially all of the outstanding letters of credit have a one-year term from the date of issuance. letters of credit totaling $38 million and $48 million were outstanding at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
other than in connection with executing operating leases, we do not have any off-balance sheet financing that has, or is reasonably likely to have, a material, current or future effect on our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. see "contractual obligations" section of item 7 of this annual report on form 10-k and note 6 "leasing" to the consolidated financial statements for further information on our operating leases.
critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with gaap requires the application of certain estimates and judgments by management. management bases its assumptions, estimates, and adjustments on historical experience, current trends and other factors believed to be relevant at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. management believes that the following policies are critical due to the inherent uncertainty of these matters and the complex and subjective judgments required in establishing these estimates. management continues to review these critical accounting policies and estimates to ensure that the consolidated financial statements are presented fairly in accordance with gaap. however, actual results could differ from our assumptions and estimates and such differences could be material.
33
•   inventory obsolescence and shrink:
inventory, which consists of automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and tools, is stated at the lower of cost or market. the extended nature of the life cycle of our products is such that the risk of obsolescence of our inventory is minimal. the products that we sell generally have applications in our markets for a relatively long period of time in conjunction with the corresponding vehicle population. we have developed sophisticated systems for monitoring the life cycle of a given product and, accordingly, have historically been very successful in adjusting the volume of our inventory in conjunction with a decrease in demand. we do record a reserve to reduce the carrying value of our inventory through a charge to cost of sales in the isolated instances where we believe that the market value of a product line is lower than our recorded cost. this reserve is based on our assumptions about the marketability of our existing inventory and is subject to uncertainty to the extent that we must estimate, at a given point in time, the market value of inventory that will be sold in future periods. ultimately, our projections could differ from actual results and could result in a material impact to our stated inventory balances. we have historically not had to materially adjust our obsolescence reserves due to the factors discussed above and do not anticipate that we will experience material changes in our estimates in the future.
we also record a reserve to reduce the carrying value of our perpetual inventory to account for quantities in our perpetual records above the actual existing quantities on hand caused by unrecorded shrink. we estimate this reserve based on the results of our extensive and frequent cycle counting programs and periodic, full physical inventories. to the extent that our estimates do not accurately reflect the actual unrecorded inventory shrinkage, we could potentially experience a material impact to our inventory balances. we have historically been able to provide a timely and accurate measurement of shrink and have not experienced material adjustments to our estimates. if the shrink reserve changed 10% from the estimate that we recorded based on our historical experience at december 31, 2015, the financial impact would have been approximately $1 million or 0.1% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2015.
•   valuation of long-lived assets and goodwill:
we evaluate the carrying value of long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. as part of the evaluation, we review performance at the store level to identify any stores with current period operating losses that should be considered for impairment. a potential impairment has occurred if the projected future undiscounted cash flows realized from the best possible use of the asset are less than the carrying value of the asset. the estimate of cash flows includes management's assumptions of cash inflows and outflows directly resulting from the use of that asset in operations. if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its estimated future cash flows, an impairment charge is recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds the fair value of the assets. our impairment analyses contain estimates due to the inherently judgmental nature of forecasting long-term estimated cash flows and determining the ultimate useful lives and fair values of the assets. actual results could differ from these estimates, which could materially impact our impairment assessment.
we review goodwill for impairment annually during the fourth quarter, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of these assets might exceed their current fair values. we have never recorded an impairment to goodwill. the process of evaluating goodwill for impairment involves the determination of the fair value of our company using the market approach. inherent in such fair value determinations are certain judgments and estimates, including estimates that incorporate assumptions marketplace participants would use in making their estimates of fair value. in the future, if events or market conditions affect the estimated fair value to the extent that an asset is impaired, we will adjust the carrying value of these assets in the period in which the impairment occurs; however, we do not believe there has been any change of events or circumstances that would indicate that a reevaluation of goodwill is required as of december 31, 2015, nor do we believe goodwill is at risk of failing impairment testing. if the price of o'reilly stock, which was a primary input used to determine our market capitalization during step one of goodwill impairment testing, changed by 10% from the value used during testing, the results and our conclusions would not have changed and no further steps would have been required.
•   supplier concessions:
we receive concessions from our suppliers through a variety of programs and arrangements, including co-operative advertising, allowances for warranties, merchandise allowances and volume purchase rebates. co-operative advertising allowances that are incremental to our advertising program, specific to a product or event and identifiable for accounting purposes, are reported as a reduction of advertising expense in the period in which the advertising occurred. all other material supplier concessions are recognized as a reduction to the cost of sales. amounts receivable from suppliers also include amounts due to us relating to supplier purchases and product returns. management regularly reviews amounts receivable from suppliers and assesses the need for a reserve for uncollectible amounts based on our evaluation of our suppliers' financial position and corresponding ability to meet their financial obligations. based on our historical results and current assessment, we have not recorded a reserve for uncollectible amounts in our consolidated financial statements, and we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that our ability to collect these amounts will differ from our expectations. the eventual ability of our suppliers to pay us the obliged amounts could differ from our assumptions and estimates, and we may be exposed to losses or gains that could be material.
34
•   warranty reserves:
we offer warranties on certain merchandise we sell with warranty periods ranging from 30 days to limited lifetime warranties. the risk of loss arising from warranty claims is typically the obligation of our suppliers. certain suppliers provide upfront allowances to us in lieu of accepting the obligation for warranty claims. for this merchandise, when sold, we bear the risk of loss associated with the cost of warranty claims. differences between supplier allowances received in lieu of warranty obligations and estimated warranty expense are recorded as an adjustment to cost of sales. estimated warranty costs, which are recorded as obligations at the time of sale, are based on the historical failure rate of each individual product line. our historical experience has been that failure rates are relatively consistent over time and that the ultimate cost of warranty claims has been driven by volume of units sold as opposed to fluctuations in failure rates or the variation of the cost of individual claims. if warranty reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2015, the financial impact would have been approximately $4 million or 0.2% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2015.
•   self-insurance reserves:
we use a combination of insurance and self-insurance mechanisms to provide for potential liabilities from workers' compensation, general liability, vehicle liability, property loss, and team member health care benefits. with the exception of certain team member health care benefit liabilities, employment related claims and litigation, certain commercial litigation and certain regulatory matters, we obtain third-party insurance coverage to limit our exposure for any individual workers' compensation, general liability, vehicle liability or property loss claim. when estimating our self-insurance liabilities, we consider a number of factors, including historical claims experience and trend-lines, projected medical and legal inflation, and growth patterns and exposure forecasts. the assumptions made by management as they relate to each of these factors represent our judgment as to the most probable cumulative impact of each factor to our future obligations. our calculation of self-insurance liabilities requires management to apply judgment to estimate the ultimate cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported as of the balance sheet date and the application of alternative assumptions could result in a different estimate of these liabilities. actual claim activity or development may vary from our assumptions and estimates, which may result in material losses or gains. as we obtain additional information that affects the assumptions and estimates we used to recognize liabilities for claims incurred in prior accounting periods, we adjust our self-insurance liabilities to reflect the revised estimates based on this additional information. these liabilities are recorded at our estimate of their net present value, using a credit-adjusted discount rate. these liabilities do not have scheduled maturities, but we can estimate the timing of future payments based upon historical patterns. we could apply alternative assumptions regarding the timing of payments or the applicable discount rate that could result in materially different estimates of the net present value of the liabilities. if self-insurance reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2015, the financial impact would have been approximately $13 million or 0.9% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2015.
•   legal reserves:
we maintain reserves for expenses associated with litigation for which o'reilly is currently involved. we are currently involved in litigation incidental to the ordinary conduct of our business. management, with the assistance of outside legal counsel, must make estimates of potential legal obligations and possible liabilities arising from such litigation and records reserves for these expenditures. if legal reserves were changed 10% from our estimated reserves at december 31, 2015, the financial impact would have been approximately $5 million or 0.3% of pretax income for the year ended december 31, 2015.
•   taxes:
we operate within multiple taxing jurisdictions and are subject to audit in these jurisdictions. these audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve. we regularly review our potential tax liabilities for tax years subject to audit. the amount of such liabilities is based on various factors, such as differing interpretations of tax regulations by the responsible tax authority, experience with previous tax audits and applicable tax law rulings. changes in our tax liability may occur in the future as our assessments change based on the progress of tax examinations in various jurisdictions and/or changes in tax regulations. in management's opinion, adequate provisions for income taxes have been made for all years presented. the estimates of our potential tax liabilities contain uncertainties because management must use judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various tax positions and actual results could differ from our estimates. alternatively, we could have applied assumptions regarding the eventual outcome of the resolution of open tax positions that could differ from our current estimates but that would still be reasonable given the nature of a particular position. while our estimates are subject to the uncertainty noted in the preceding discussion, our initial estimates of our potential tax liabilities have historically not been materially different from actual results, except in instances where we have reversed liabilities that were recorded for periods that were subsequently closed with the applicable taxing authority.
inflation and seasonality for the last three fiscal years, we have generally been successful in reducing the effects of merchandise cost increases principally by taking advantage of supplier incentive programs, economies of scale resulting from increased volume of purchases and selective forward buying. to the extent our acquisition cost increased due to base commodity price increases industry-wide, we have typically been able
35
to pass along these increased costs through higher retail prices for the affected products. as a result, we do not believe inflation has had a material adverse effect on our operations.
to some extent, our business is seasonal primarily as a result of the impact of weather conditions on customer buying patterns. while we have historically realized operating profits in each quarter of the year, our store sales and profits have historically been higher in the second and third quarters (april through september) than in the first and fourth quarters (october through march) of the year.
quarterly results the following tables set forth certain quarterly unaudited operating data for fiscal years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014. the unaudited quarterly information includes all adjustments, which management considers necessary for a fair presentation of the information shown (in thousands, except per share and comparable store sales data):
fiscal 2015
first                   second                    third                   fourth quarter                  quarter                  quarter                  quarter comparable store sales                                 7.2    %   7.2                  %   7.9                  %   7.7                  %
sales                                           $1,901,903               $2,035,518               $2,080,201               $1,949,052
gross profit                                       986,959                1,058,791                1,089,254                1,027,639
operating income                                   350,373                  385,768                  415,260                  362,620
net income                                         212,864                  233,508                  266,268                  218,576
earnings per share - basic (1)                       $2.09                    $2.32                    $2.68                    $2.22
earnings per share - assuming dilution (1)           $2.06                    $2.29                    $2.64                    $2.19
fiscal 2014
first                   second                    third                   fourth quarter                  quarter                  quarter                  quarter comparable store sales                                 6.3    %   5.1                  %   6.2                  %   6.3                  %
sales                                           $1,727,943               $1,847,088               $1,876,872               $1,764,178
gross profit                                       877,716                  950,877                  968,201                  912,107
operating income                                   287,120                  336,474                  343,768                  303,012
net income                                         173,860                  205,647                  216,997                  181,678
earnings per share - basic (1)                       $1.64                    $1.94                    $2.10                    $1.79
earnings per share - assuming dilution (1)           $1.61                    $1.91                    $2.06                    $1.76
(1)   earnings per share amounts are computed independently for each quarter and annual period. the quarterly earnings per share amounts may not sum to equal the full-year earnings per share amount.
the unaudited operating data presented above should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report, and the other financial information included therein.
recent accounting pronouncements in may of 2014, the financial accounting standards board (the "fasb") issued accounting standard update ("asu") no. 2014-09, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606)" ("asu 2014-09"). under asu 2014-09, an entity is required to follow a five-step process to determine the amount of revenue to recognize when promised goods or services are transferred to customers. asu 2014-09 offers specific accounting guidance for costs to obtain or fulfill a contract with a customer. in addition, an entity is required to disclose sufficient information to understand the nature, amount, timing, and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers. in august of 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-14, "revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606): deferral of the effective date" ("asu 2015-14"), to defer the effective date of asu 2014-09 by one year. originally, for public companies, asu 2014-09 was effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including periods within that reporting period, and could be adopted either retrospectively or as a cumulative effect adjustment at the date of adoption, with early adoption not permitted. for public companies, asu 2015-14 changes asu 2014-09 to be effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, including periods within that reporting period, and can be adopted retrospectively or as a cumulative effective adjustment at the date of adoption, with early adoption allowed, but not before asu 2014-09's original effective date of december 15, 2016. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2018. we are in the process of
36
evaluating the potential future impact, if any, of asu 2014-09 on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows, and which method of adoption is most appropriate for us.
in january of 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-01, "extraordinary and unusual items (subtopic 225-20)" ("asu 2015-01"). asu 2015-01 eliminates from u.s. gaap the concept of extraordinary items; such that, an entity will no longer need to assess whether a particular event or transaction event is extraordinary. asu 2015-01 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2015, including periods within that reporting period, and early adoption is permitted. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2016. the application of this guidance is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in april of 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-03, "interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30)" ("asu 2015-03"). asu 2015-03 requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability. in august of 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-15, "interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements - amendments to sec paragraphs pursuant to staff announcement at june 18, 2015, eitf meeting" ("asu 2015-15"), to update asu 2015-03 to reflect an sec clarification. asu 2015-15 allows an entity, in the case of a line-of-credit arrangement, to either follow asu 2015-03 or defer and present debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratable over the term of the line-of-credit arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. asu 2015-03 and asu 2015-15 are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2015, including periods within that reporting period, requires retrospective application, and early adoption is permitted. we early-adopted asu 2015-03 and asu 2015-15 as of december 31, 2015, and applied the requirements of the updates retrospectively. with the adoption of asu 2015-15, we opted to defer and present debt issuance costs related to our revolving credit facility as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratable over the term of the revolving credit facility. the adoption of asu 2015-03 resulted in the reclassification of $7.1 million and $8.2 million of unamortized debt issuance costs related to our senior notes from "other current assets" or "other assets, net" to "long-term debt, less current portion" within our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the adoption of asu 2015-15 resulted in the reclassification of $0.5 million of unamortized debt issuance costs related to our revolving credit facility from "other current assets" to "other assets, net" within our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2015 and 2014. other than these reclassifications, the adoption of asu 2015-03 and asu 2015-15 did not have an impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in november of 2015, the fasb issued asu no. 2015-17, "income taxes (topic 740) - balance sheet classification of deferred taxes" ("asu 2015-17"). asu 2015-17 simplifies the presentation of deferred income taxes and requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be classified as noncurrent in the balance sheet. asu 2015-17 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including periods within that reporting period, allows for prospective or retrospective application, and early adoption is permitted. we early-adopted asu 2015-17 as of december 31, 2015, and applied the requirements of the update retrospectively. the adoption of asu 2015-17 resulted in the reclassification of $7.4 million and $17.3 million of deferred income tax liabilities from the current liability "deferred income taxes" to other long-term liabilities "deferred income taxes" within our consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. other than this reclassification, the adoption of asu 2015-17 did not have an impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
in february of 2016, the fasb issued asu no. 2016-02, "leases (topic 842)" ("asu 2016-02"). under asu 2016-02, an entity will be required to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on its balance sheet and disclose key information about leasing arrangements. asu 2016-02 offers specific accounting guidance for a lessee, a lessor and sale and leaseback transactions. lessees and lessors are required to disclose qualitative and quantitative information about leasing arrangements to enable a user of the financial statements to assess the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from leases. for public companies, asu 2016-02 is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2018, including interim periods within that reporting period, and requires a modified retrospective adoption, with early adoption permitted. we will adopt this guidance beginning with our first quarter ending march 31, 2019. we are in the process of evaluating the future impact of asu 2016-02 on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows.
