item 1a    risk factors volatile global and local commodity pricing strongly affect occidental's results of operations.
occidental's financial results correlate closely to the prices it obtains for its products, particularly oil and, to a lesser extent, natural gas and ngls, and its chemical products.
prices for crude oil, natural gas and ngls fluctuate widely. historically, the markets for crude oil, natural gas, ngls and refined products have been volatile and may continue to be volatile in the future. prolonged or further declines in crude oil, natural gas and ngls prices would continue to reduce occidental's operating results and cash flows, and could impact its future rate of growth and further impact the recoverability of the carrying value of its assets.
prices are set by global and local market forces which are not in occidental's control. these factors include, among others:
ø   worldwide and domestic supplies of, and demand for, crude oil, natural gas, ngls and refined products.
ø   the cost of exploring for, developing, producing, refining and marketing crude oil, natural gas, ngls and refined products.
ø   operational impacts such as production disruptions, technological advances and regional market conditions, including available transportation capacity and infrastructure constraints in producing areas.
ø   changes in weather patterns and climatic changes.
ø   the impacts of the members of opec and other producing nations that may agree to and maintain production levels.
ø   the worldwide military and political environment, uncertainty or instability resulting from an escalation or outbreak of armed hostilities or acts of terrorism in the united states, or elsewhere.
ø   the price and availability of alternative and competing fuels.
ø   domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes.
ø   additional or increased nationalization and expropriation activities by foreign governments.
ø   general economic conditions worldwide.
the long-term effects of these and other conditions on the prices of crude oil, natural gas, ngls and refined products are uncertain. generally, occidental's practice is to remain exposed to market prices of commodities; however, management may elect to hedge the price risk of crude oil, natural gas, ngls and refined products in the future.
recent global economic and political conditions have driven oil and gas prices down significantly. these conditions may continue for an extended period. continued reductions in commodity prices could require occidental to further reduce capital spending, share repurchases and impair the carrying value of assets.
the prices obtained for occidental's chemical products correlate strongly to the health of the united states and global economies, as well as chemical industry expansion and contraction cycles. occidental also depends on feedstocks and energy to produce chemicals, which are commodities subject to significant price fluctuations.
occidental's restructuring activities may affect its stock price.
occidental has performed a strategic review of its operations, which has resulted in the restructuring and the separation or divestiture of various assets. this activity and further implementation of the strategic review may affect the market value of occidental's common stock. for example, occidental may take different actions than expected, receive less proceeds or retain more liabilities than anticipated in connection with any divestitures.
occidental may experience delays, cost overruns, losses or other unrealized expectations in development efforts and exploration activities.
occidental bears the risks of equipment failures, construction delays, escalating costs or competition for services, materials, supplies or labor, property or border disputes, disappointing drilling results or reservoir performance and other associated risks that may affect its
6
ability to profitably grow production, replace reserves and achieve its targeted returns.
exploration is inherently risky and is subject to delays, misinterpretation of geologic or engineering data, unexpected geologic conditions or finding reserves of disappointing quality or quantity, which may result in significant losses.
governmental actions and political instability may affect occidental's results of operations.
occidental's businesses are subject to the decisions of many federal, state, local and foreign governments and political interests. as a result, occidental faces risks of:
ø   new or amended laws and regulations, or interpretations of such laws and regulations, including those related to drilling, manufacturing or production processes (including well stimulation techniques such as hydraulic fracturing and acidization), labor and employment, taxes, royalty rates, permitted production rates, entitlements, import, export and use of raw materials, equipment or products, use or increased use of land, water and other natural resources, safety, security and environmental protection, all of which may restrict or prohibit activities of occidental or its contractors, increase occidental's costs or reduce demand for occidental's products.
ø   refusal of, or delay in, the extension or grant of exploration, development or production contracts.
ø   development delays and cost overruns due to approval delays for, or denial of, drilling and other permits and authorizations.
in addition, occidental has and may continue to experience adverse consequences, such as risk of loss or production limitations, because certain of its international operations are located in countries affected by political instability, nationalizations, corruption, armed conflict, terrorism, insurgency, civil unrest, security problems, labor unrest, opec production restrictions, equipment import restrictions and sanctions. exposure to such risks may increase if a greater percentage of occidental's future oil and gas production or revenue comes from international sources.
occidental's oil and gas business operates in highly competitive environments, which affect, among other things, its ability to make acquisitions to grow production and replace reserves.
results of operations, reserves replacement and growth in oil and gas production depend, in part, on occidental's ability to profitably acquire additional reserves. occidental has many competitors (including national oil companies), some of which: (i) are larger and better funded, (ii) may be willing to accept greater risks or (iii) have special competencies. competition for reserves may make it more difficult to find attractive investment opportunities or require delay of reserve replacement efforts. in addition, during periods of low product prices, any cash conservation efforts may delay production growth and reserve replacement efforts.
occidental's acquisition activities also carry risks that it may: (i) not fully realize anticipated benefits due to less-
than-expected reserves or production or changed circumstances, such as the deterioration of natural gas prices in recent years and the more recent significant decline in crude oil prices; (ii) bear unexpected integration costs or experience other integration difficulties; (iii) experience share price declines based on the market's evaluation of the activity; or (iv) assume liabilities that are greater than anticipated.
occidental's oil and gas reserves are estimates based on professional judgments and may be subject to revision.
reported oil and gas reserves are an estimate based on periodic review of reservoir characteristics and recoverability, including production decline rates, operating performance and economic feasibility at the prevailing commodity prices, assumptions concerning future crude oil and natural gas prices, future operating costs and capital expenditures, as well as assumed effects of regulation by governmental agencies. the procedures and methods for estimating the reserves by our internal engineers were reviewed by independent petroleum consultants; however, there are inherent uncertainties in estimating reserves. actual production, revenues, and expenditures with respect to our reserves may vary from estimates, and the variance may be material. if occidental were required to make significant negative reserve revisions, its results of operations and stock price could be adversely affected. in addition, the discounted cash flows included in this form 10-k should not be construed as the fair value of the reserves attributable to our properties. the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on an unweighted 12-month average first-day-of-the-month prices in accordance with sec regulations. actual future prices and costs may differ materially from sec regulation-compliant prices used for purposes of estimating future discounted net cash flows from proved reserves.
concerns about climate change and other air quality issues may affect occidental's operations or results.
the adoption of legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases could require occidental to incur increased operating costs, such as costs to purchase and operate emissions control systems, to acquire emissions allowances or comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements, or they could promote the use of alternative sources of energy and thereby decrease demand for products that occidental's businesses produce. any such legislation or regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for products produced by occidental's businesses. consequently, legislation and regulatory programs designed to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases could have an adverse effect on occidental's business, financial condition and results of operations. however, the certainty and timing of these potential effects are unknown.
7
occidental's businesses may experience catastrophic events.
the occurrence of events such as hurricanes, floods, droughts, earthquakes, other acts of nature, well blowouts, fires, explosions, chemical releases, material or mechanical failure, industrial accidents, physical attacks and other events that cause operations to cease or be curtailed may negatively affect occidental's businesses and the communities in which it operates. third-party insurance may not provide adequate coverage or occidental may be self-insured with respect to the related losses.
cyber attacks could significantly affect occidental.
cyber attacks on businesses have escalated in recent years. occidental relies on electronic systems and networks to control and manage its oil and gas, chemicals, trading and pipeline operations and has multiple layers of security to mitigate risks of cyber attack. if, however, occidental were to experience an attack and its security measures were compromised, the potential consequences to its businesses and the communities in which it operates could be significant.
occidental's oil and gas reserve additions may not continue at the same rate and a failure to replace reserves may negatively affect our business.
unless we conduct successful exploration or development activities, acquire properties containing proved reserves, or both, proved reserves will generally decline. management expects improved recovery, extensions and discoveries to continue as main sources for reserve additions but factors, such as geology, government regulations and permits and the effectiveness of development plans, are partially or fully outside management's control and could cause results to differ materially from expectations.
other risk factors.
additional discussion of risks and uncertainties related to price and demand, litigation, environmental matters, oil and gas reserves estimation processes, impairments, derivatives, market risks and internal controls appears under the headings: "md&a - oil & gas segment - proved reserves" and "- industry outlook," "- chemical segment - industry outlook," "- midstream and marketing segment - industry outlook," "- lawsuits, claims and contingencies," "- environmental liabilities and expenditures," "- critical accounting policies and estimates," "- quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," and "management's annual assessment of and report on internal control over financial reporting."
the risks described in this report are not the only risks facing occidental and other risks, including risks deemed immaterial, may have material adverse effects.
item 7
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a)
in this report, "occidental" means occidental petroleum corporation (opc), or opc and one or more entities in which it owns a controlling interest (subsidiaries). occidental's principal businesses consist of three segments. the oil and gas segment explores for, develops and produces oil and condensate, natural gas liquids (ngls) and natural gas. the chemical segment (oxychem) mainly manufactures and markets basic chemicals and vinyls. the midstream and marketing segment gathers, processes, transports, stores, purchases and markets oil, condensate, ngls, natural gas, carbon dioxide (co2) and power. it also trades around its assets, including transportation and storage capacity. additionally, the midstream and marketing segment invests in entities that conduct similar activities.
strategy general through its operations, occidental aims to maximize total returns to stockholders using the following strategies:
ø   invest in projects that generate long-term value;
ø   allocate and deploy capital with a focus on achieving returns well in excess of its cost of capital; and
ø   maintain financial discipline and a strong balance sheet.
in conducting its business, occidental accepts commodity, engineering and limited exploration risks. capital is employed to operate all assets in a safe and environmentally sound manner. occidental seeks to limit its financial and political risks.
price volatility is inherent in the oil and gas business, and in 2015, oil, natural gas and ngls prices continued the downward trend started in the fourth quarter of 2014. in order to manage this risk, occidental strives to retain sufficient cash on hand and maintain a low debt to capitalization ratio, which allows occidental access to capital markets.
in connection with occidental's strategic review initiatives, occidental:
ø   sold its interest in the williston basin in november 2015 and entered into an agreement to sell its piceance basin assets, which is expected to close march 2016; and
ø   minimized or ceased its involvement in non-core operations in the middle east and north africa, including bahrain, iraq, libya and yemen.
as a result of exiting non-core operations, occidental expects improved margins through lower cash operating costs, selling, general and administrative costs and reduced capital spending in the future.
the following describes the application of occidental's overall strategy for each of its operating segments:
oil and gas the oil and gas business implements occidental's strategy primarily by:
ø   operating and developing areas where reserves are known to exist and to increase production from core areas, primarily in the permian basin, colombia and parts of the middle east;
ø   using enhanced oil recovery techniques, such as co2, water and steam floods, in mature fields;
ø   focusing a sizable portion of occidental's drilling activities on unconventional opportunities, primarily in the permian basin; and
ø   maintaining a disciplined approach towards domestic acquisitions and divestitures and the execution of international contracts, with an emphasis on creating value and further enhancing occidental's existing positions.
in 2015, oil and gas capital expenditures were approximately $4.4 billion, and were mainly comprised of expenditures in the permian basin and the middle east. this activity reflects occidental's strategy to focus on achieving returns above the cost of capital even in a low price environment.
management believes occidental's oil and gas segment growth will occur primarily through exploitation and development opportunities in the permian basin and colombia and focused international projects in the middle east.
chemical the primary objective of oxychem is to generate cash flow in excess of its normal capital expenditure requirements and achieve above-cost-of-capital returns. the chemical segment's strategy is to be a low-cost producer in order to maximize its cash flow generation. oxychem concentrates on the chlorovinyls chain beginning with chlorine, which is co-produced with caustic soda, and markets both to third parties. in addition, chlorine, together with ethylene, is converted through a series of intermediate products into polyvinyl chloride (pvc). oxychem's focus on chlorovinyls allows it to maximize the benefits of integration and take advantage of economies of scale. capital is employed to sustain production capacity and to focus on projects and developments designed to improve the competitiveness of segment assets. acquisitions and plant development opportunities may be pursued when they are expected to enhance the existing core chlor-alkali and pvc businesses or take advantage of other specific opportunities. in early
13
2014, oxychem, through a 50/50 joint venture with mexichem s.a.b. de c.v., broke ground on a 1.2 billion pound-per-year ethylene cracker at the oxychem ingleside facility. the joint venture provides an opportunity to capitalize on the advantage that u.s. shale gas development has presented to u.s. chemical producers by providing low-cost ethane as a raw material. the construction of the ethylene cracker remains on budget and schedule and is expected to begin operating in early 2017. in 2015, capital expenditures for oxychem totaled $594 million, approximately two-thirds of which was spent on the mexichem joint venture. in the third quarter, oxychem sold an idled facility.
midstream and marketing the midstream and marketing segment strives to maximize realized value by optimizing use of its assets, including its transportation and storage capacity, and by providing access to multiple markets. in order to generate returns, the segment evaluates opportunities across the value chain and uses its assets to provide services to other occidental segments as well as third parties. the segment invests and operates pipeline systems, gas plants, co-generation facilities, and storage facilities. the segment also seeks to minimize the costs of gas, power and other commodities used in occidental's businesses, while limiting credit risk exposure. capital is employed to sustain or, where appropriate, increase operational and transportation capacity and to improve the competitiveness of occidental's assets. in 2015, capital expenditures totaled $535 million of which a majority was related to the al hosn gas processing facilities, crude oil terminal and permian basin gas processing and gathering infrastructure.
key performance indicators occidental seeks to meet its strategic goals by continually measuring its success in its key performance metrics that drive total stockholder return. in addition to production growth and capital allocation and deployment discussed above, occidental believes the following are its most significant metrics:
ø   health, environmental, safety and process metrics;
ø   total shareholder return, including funding the dividend;
ø   return on equity (roe) and return on capital employed (roce); and
ø   segment specific measures such as per-unit profit, production cost, cash flow, finding and development costs and reserves replacement percentages.
oil and gas segment oil and gas information related to california resources have been treated as discontinued operations for all periods presented.
business environment oil and gas prices are the major variables that drive the industry's financial performance. the following table presents the average daily west texas intermediate (wti), brent and new york mercantile exchange (nymex) prices for 2015 and 2014:
2015                2014
wti oil ($/barrel)            $48.80              $93.00
brent oil ($/barrel)          $53.64              $99.51
nymex gas ($/mcf)              $2.75               $4.34
the following table presents occidental's average realized prices as a percentage of wti, brent and nymex for 2015 and 2014:
2015        2014
worldwide oil as a percentage of average wti        97   %      97   %
worldwide oil as a percentage of average brent      88   %      91   %
worldwide ngls as a percentage of average wti       33   %      40   %
domestic natural gas as a percentage of nymex       78   %      91   %
the wti and brent oil price indexes declined significantly in the fourth quarter of 2015, closing at $37.04 per barrel and $37.28 per barrel, respectively, as of december 31, 2015. the wti and brent oil price indexes were $53.27 per barrel and $57.33 per barrel, respectively, as of december 31, 2014. average worldwide realized oil prices fell $43.03, or 48 percent, in 2015 compared to 2014. the average realized domestic natural gas price in 2015 decreased 46 percent from 2014. average wti and brent oil price indexes declined 48 percent and 46 percent, from $93.00 and $99.51 in 2014 to $48.80 and $53.64 in 2015, respectively. average nymex natural gas prices declined 37 percent, from $4.34 in 2014 to $2.75 in 2015.
prices and differentials can vary significantly, even on a short-term basis, making it impossible to predict realized prices with a reliable degree of certainty.
the decline in oil and gas prices during 2015, as well as the decision to sell or exit non-core assets caused occidental to assess the carrying value of all of its oil and gas producing assets and assess development plans for its non-producing assets. as a result, in 2015, occidental recorded total pre-tax impairment and related charges of $3.5 billion for its domestic assets and $5.0 billion for its international assets. to assess carrying value of its oil and gas assets, occidental uses oil and gas price curves settled on the last trading day of each quarter. any further sustained declines in commodity prices may result in additional impairments in the future.
14
operations
2015 developments in november 2015, occidental sold its williston basin assets in north dakota for approximately $590 million. occidental's share of production for the williston operations was approximately 16,000 boe per day in 2015.
in december 2015, occidental entered into an agreement to sell its piceance basin operations in colorado for approximately $155 million. the transaction is expected to close in march 2016. the assets and liabilities of the piceance operations are classified as held for sale at december 31, 2015.
occidental has exited or significantly reduced its involvement in non-core operations in the middle east and north africa. in iraq, occidental has issued a notice of withdrawal and is working to reassign its interest in the zubair field in accordance with the contract terms. in yemen, occidental's non-operated interest in block 10 east shabwa field expired in december 2015, and in february 2016, occidental sold its interests in block s-1, an nagyah field. in addition, occidental has been reducing its activity and exposure in bahrain and libya. occidental has suspended exploration activities due to civil unrest in libya, and production disruptions continued throughout 2015 due to oil field and export terminal strikes and closures. less than 5 percent of the total capital spending in 2015 was allocated to these middle east operations. collectively, occidental's share of production from these operations in the middle east was 72,000 boe per day in 2015.
domestic interests occidental conducts its domestic operations through land leases, subsurface mineral rights it owns or a combination of both surface land and subsurface mineral rights it owns. occidental's domestic oil and gas leases have a primary term ranging from one to ten years, which is extended through the end of production once it commences. of the total 3.6 million net acres in which occidental has interests, approximately 85 percent is leased, 14 percent is owned subsurface mineral rights and 1 percent is owned land with mineral rights.
production-sharing contracts occidental's interests in oman and qatar are subject to production sharing contracts (psc). under such contracts, occidental records a share of production and reserves to recover certain production costs and an additional share for profit. in addition, certain contracts in colombia are subject to contractual arrangements similar to a psc. these contracts do not transfer any right of ownership to occidental and reserves reported from these arrangements are based on occidental's economic interest as defined in the contracts. occidental's share of production and reserves from these contracts decreases when product prices rise and increases when prices decline. overall, occidental's net economic benefit from these contracts is greater when product prices are higher.
business review the following chart shows occidental's total volumes for the last five years:
worldwide production volumes
(thousands boe/day)
notes:
•   excludes volumes from the argentine operations sold in 2011 and california resources which was separated on november 30, 2014. both operations have been reflected as discontinued operations for all applicable periods.
•   excludes williston (sold in november 2015) average daily production volumes of 16 mboe, 20 mboe, 18 mboe, 14 mboe and 7 mboe for 2015, 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
•   excludes hugoton (sold in april 2014), average daily production volumes of 6 mboe, 18 mboe, 19 mboe and 20 mboe for 2014, 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.
united states assets united states
1.   permian basin
2.   south texas and other interests permian basin occidental's permian basin production is diversified across a large number of producing areas. the basin extends throughout southwest texas and southeast new mexico and is one of the largest and most active oil basins in the united states, accounting for approximately 16 percent of the total united states oil production. occidental is the largest operator and the largest producer of oil in the permian basin with an approximate 13 percent net share of the total oil production in the basin. occidental also produces and processes natural gas and ngls in the basin.
15
occidental manages its permian basin operations through two business units: permian resources, which includes growth-oriented unconventional opportunities and permian eor (enhanced oil recovery), which utilizes enhanced oil recovery techniques such as co2 floods and waterfloods. during 2015, focused on capital efficiency, the permian operations reduced well drilling and completion costs by 33 percent per well. in the permian basin, occidental spent over $2.7 billion of capital in 2015, with 84 percent spent on permian resources assets. in 2016, occidental expects to allocate approximately 21 percent of the 2016 capital budget to permian resources, which will focus on areas in both the midland and delaware basins where infrastructure currently exists to achieve higher returns, and approximately 17 percent to permian eor in order to add to existing facilities to increase co2 production and injection capacity for future projects.
occidental's permian resources operations are among its fastest growing assets with over 8,500 drilling locations in its horizontal inventory, a sizable portion of which can be developed in a low price environment. continued completion optimization, the application of enhanced manufacturing principles, combined with projected commercial savings is expected to increase the well inventory even further. the development program, largely began in 2010, continued to increase in 2015. in 2015, permian resources drilled 231 wells, which included 195 horizontal wells. production from permian resources comes from approximately 13,200 gross wells, of which 62 percent are operated by other producers. on a net basis, this represents approximately 5,550 wells, of which only 23 percent are operated by others.
permian eor operates a combination of co2 floods and waterfloods which have similar development characteristics and ongoing monitoring and maintenance requirements. due to a unique combination of characteristics, the permian basin has been a leader in the implementation of co2 enhanced oil recovery projects. the permian basin's concentration of large conventional reservoirs, favorable co2 flooding performance and the proximity to naturally occurring co2 supply has resulted in decades of steady growth in enhanced oil production. with 31 active floods and 40 years of experience, permian eor is the industry leader in permian basin co2 flooding.
occidental is an industry leader in applying this technology, which can increase ultimate oil recovery by 10 to 25 percent in the fields where it is employed. significant opportunity remains to expand occidental's existing projects into new portions of reservoirs that thus far have only been water flooded, leaving opportunity for significant additional recovery with new co2 injection. hence, even small improvements in recovery efficiency can add significant reserves. technology improvements, such as the recent trend towards vertical expansion of the co2 flooded interval into residual oil zone targets continue to yield more recovery from existing projects. over the last few years, occidental has had an ongoing program of deepening wells, with 95 wells deepened in 2015 and 67 wells planned for 2016. occidental utilizes workover rigs to drill the extra depth into additional co2 floodable sections of the reservoir. these are low cost projects which can add reserves even in a low price environment. permian eor has a large inventory of future co2 projects which could be developed over the next 20 years or accelerated, depending on market conditions.
the current strategy for permian eor is to invest sufficient capital to maintain current production and provide cash flow. by exploiting natural synergies between permian eor and permian resources, occidental is able to deliver unique advantages, efficiencies and expertise across its permian basin operations. occidental's share of production in the permian basin was approximately 255,000 boe per day in 2015 with 110,000 boe per day coming from permian resources and 145,000 boe per day from permian eor.
south texas and other occidental holds approximately 174,000 net acres in south texas, including 4,000 net acres in the eagle ford shale.
middle east/north africa assets middle east/north africa
1.   qatar
2.   united arab emirates
3.   oman oman in oman, occidental is the operator of block 9 and block 27, with a 50-percent and 65-percent working interest in each block, respectively; block 53, with a 45-percent working interest; and block 62, with an 80-percent working interest.
in december 2015, the existing production sharing contract for block 9 expired and occidental agreed to operate block 9 under modified operating terms until a new contract is approved. the term for block 27 expires in 2035.
a 30-year psc for the mukhaizna field (block 53) was signed with the government of oman in 2005, pursuant to which occidental assumed operation of the field. by the end of 2015, occidental had drilled more than 2,600 new wells and continued implementation of a major steamflood project. in 2015, the average gross daily production was 122,000 boe per day, which was over 15 times higher than the production rate in september 2005 when occidental assumed operations.
in 2008, occidental was awarded a 20-year contract for block 62, subject to declaration of commerciality, where it is pursuing development and exploration opportunities
16
targeting natural gas and condensate resources. in 2014, occidental signed a five year extension for the initial phase for the discovered non associated gas area (natural gas not in contact with crude oil in a reservoir) for block 62. production commenced in block 62 in january 2016.
occidental's share of production from oman was approximately 89,000 boe per day in 2015.
qatar in qatar, occidental is the operator at idd el shargi north dome (isnd) and idd el shargi south dome (issd), with a 100-percent working interest in each, and al rayyan (block 12), with a 92.5-percent working interest. the terms for isnd, issd and block 12 expire in 2019, 2022 and 2017, respectively.
occidental's dolphin investment comprises two separate economic interests through which occidental owns: (i) a 24.5-percent undivided interest in the upstream operations under a development and production sharing agreement with the government of qatar to develop and produce natural gas and ngls in qatar's north field through mid-2032, with a provision to request a five-year extension; and (ii) a 24.5-percent interest in the stock of dolphin energy limited (dolphin energy), which operates a pipeline and is discussed further in "midstream and marketing segment - pipeline transportation."
occidental's share of production from qatar was approximately 107,000 boe per day in 2015.
united arab emirates in 2011, occidental acquired a 40-percent participating interest in the al hosn gas project, joining with the abu dhabi national oil company (adnoc) in a 30-year joint venture agreement. the al hosn gas project became fully operational in 2015, and produced over 460 mmcf per day of natural gas and 74,000 barrels per day of ngls and condensate in the fourth quarter of 2015, of which occidental's net share is 185 mmcf per day and 29,000 barrels per day, respectively.
additionally, the al hosn gas project includes gas processing facilities which are discussed further in "midstream and marketing segment - gas processing plants and co2 fields and facilities".
occidental conducts a majority of its middle east business development activities through its office in abu dhabi, which also provides various support functions for occidental's middle east/north africa oil and gas operations.
latin america assets latin america
1. colombia colombia occidental has working interests in the la cira-infantas and teca areas and has operations within the llanos norte basin. occidental's interests range from 39 to 61 percent and certain interests expire between 2023 and 2038, while others extend through the economic limit of the areas. occidental's share of production was approximately 35,000 boe per day in 2015.
occidental also holds working interests in the tarija, chuquisaca and santa cruz regions of bolivia, which produce gas. occidental's share of production from bolivia was 2,000 boe per day in 2015.
proved reserves proved oil, ngls and gas reserves were estimated using the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the year, unless prices were defined by contractual arrangements. oil, ngls and natural gas prices used for this purpose were based on posted benchmark prices and adjusted for price differentials including gravity, quality and transportation costs. for the 2015, 2014 and 2013 disclosures, the calculated average west texas intermediate oil prices were $50.28, $94.99 and $96.94 per barrel, respectively. the calculated average brent oil prices for 2015, 2014 and 2013 disclosures were $55.57, $99.51 and $108.76, per barrel, respectively. the calculated average henry hub gas prices for 2015, 2014 and 2013 were $2.66, $4.42 and $3.65 per mmbtu, respectively.
occidental had proved reserves at year-end 2015 of 2,200 million boe, compared to the year-end 2014 amount of 2,819 million boe. proved reserves at year-end 2015 and 2014 consisted of, respectively, 59 percent and 63 percent oil, 15 percent and 13 percent ngls and 26 percent and 24 percent natural gas. proved developed reserves represented approximately 79 percent and 71 percent, respectively, of occidental's total proved reserves at year-end 2015 and 2014.
occidental does not have any reserves from non-traditional sources. for further information regarding
17
occidental's proved reserves, see "supplemental oil and gas information" following the "financial statements."
changes in proved reserves occidental's total proved reserves decreased 166 million boe in 2015, which included additions of 149 million boe from occidental's development program, reduced by 315 million boe comprised primarily of price and price related revisions.
changes in reserves before production and sales of proved reserves were as follows:
(in millions of boe)                   2015
improved recovery                       144
extensions and discoveries                5
purchases                                 -
revisions of previous estimates        (315   )
total                                  (166   )
occidental's ability to add reserves, other than through purchases, depends on the success of improved recovery, extension and discovery projects, each of which depends on reservoir characteristics, technology improvements and oil and natural gas prices, as well as capital and operating costs. many of these factors are outside management's control, and may negatively or positively affect occidental's reserves.
improved recovery in 2015, occidental added proved reserves of 144 million boe mainly associated with the permian basin and oman operations. these properties comprise both conventional projects, which are characterized by the deployment of eor development methods, largely employing application of co2 flood, waterflood or steam flood, and unconventional projects. these types of conventional eor development methods can be applied through existing wells, though additional drilling is frequently required to fully optimize the development configuration. waterflooding is the technique of injecting water into the formation to displace the oil to the offsetting oil production wells. the use of either co2 or steam flooding depends on the geology of the formation, the evaluation of engineering data, availability and cost of either co2 or steam and other economic factors. both techniques work similarly to lower viscosity causing the oil to move more easily to the producing wells. many of occidental's projects, including unconventional projects, rely on improving permeability to increase flow in the wells. in addition, some improved recovery comes from drilling infill wells that allow recovery of reserves that would not be recoverable from existing wells.
extensions and discoveries occidental also added proved reserves from extensions and discoveries, which are dependent on successful exploration and exploitation programs. in 2015, extensions and discoveries added 5 million boe related primarily to the recognition of proved developed reserves in oman.
purchases of proved reserves occidental continues to seek opportunities to add reserves through acquisitions when properties are available at prices it deems reasonable. as market conditions change, the available supply of properties may increase or decrease accordingly.
revisions of previous estimates revisions can include upward or downward changes to previous proved reserve estimates for existing fields due to the evaluation or interpretation of geologic, production decline or operating performance data. in addition, product price changes affect proved reserves recorded by occidental. for example, lower prices may decrease the economically recoverable reserves, particularly for domestic properties, because the reduced margin limits the expected life of the operations. offsetting this effect, lower prices increase occidental's share of proved reserves under pscs because more oil is required to recover costs. conversely, when prices rise, occidental's share of proved reserves decreases for pscs and economically recoverable reserves may increase for other operations. in 2015, negative revisions of previous estimates of 315 million boe were primarily price and price-related revisions associated with domestic assets.
reserve estimation rules require that estimated ultimate recoveries be much more likely to increase or remain constant than to decrease as changes are made due to increased availability of technical data.
proved undeveloped reserves in 2015, occidental had proved undeveloped reserve additions of 76 million boe from improved recovery and extensions and discoveries. of the total additions, over 80 percent represented additions from improved recovery in the permian basin. these proved undeveloped reserve additions were offset by transfers of 106 million boe to the proved developed category as a result of the 2015 development programs. permian basin and oman accounted for approximately 92 percent of the reserve transfers from proved undeveloped to proved developed in 2015. proved undeveloped reserves were reduced by 332 million boe primarily due to price and price-related revisions and the sale of williston. occidental incurred approximately $1.3 billion in 2015 to convert proved undeveloped reserves to proved developed reserves. a substantial portion of the proved undeveloped reserves as of december 31, 2015 was the result of the development program in the permian basin, which represents 68 percent of total year-end proved undeveloped reserves.
global oversupply continues to suppress oil and gas prices significantly. these conditions may continue for an extended period. prolonged or further declines in commodity prices could require occidental to further reduce capital spending, potentially impacting either the quantity or the development timing of proved undeveloped reserves.
reserves evaluation and review process occidental's estimates of proved reserves and associated future net cash flows as of december 31, 2015, were made by occidental's technical personnel and are
18
the responsibility of management. the estimation of proved reserves is based on the requirement of reasonable certainty of economic producibility and funding commitments by occidental to develop the reserves. this process involves reservoir engineers, geoscientists, planning engineers and financial analysts. as part of the proved reserves estimation process, all reserve volumes are estimated by a forecast of production rates, operating costs and capital expenditures. price differentials between benchmark prices (the unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month within the year) and realized prices and specifics of each operating agreement are then used to estimate the net reserves. production rate forecasts are derived by a number of methods, including estimates from decline curve analysis, type-curve analysis, material balance calculations that take into account the volumes of substances replacing the volumes produced and associated reservoir pressure changes, seismic analysis and computer simulation of the reservoir performance. these field-tested technologies have demonstrated reasonably certain results with consistency and repeatability in the formation being evaluated or in an analogous formation. operating and capital costs are forecast using the current cost environment applied to expectations of future operating and development activities.
net proved developed reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods for which the incremental cost of any additional required investment is relatively minor. net proved undeveloped reserves are those volumes that are expected to be recovered from new wells on undrilled acreage, or from existing wells where a relatively major expenditure is required for recompletion.
the current senior vice president, reserves for oxy oil and gas is responsible for overseeing the preparation of reserve estimates, in compliance with u.s. securities and exchange commission (sec) rules and regulations, including the internal audit and review of occidental's oil and gas reserves data. the senior vice president has over 30 years of experience in the upstream sector of the exploration and production business, and has held various assignments in north america, asia and europe. he is a three-time past chair of the society of petroleum engineers oil and gas reserves committee. he is an american association of petroleum geologists (aapg) certified petroleum geologist and currently serves on the aapg committee on resource evaluation. he is a member of the society of petroleum evaluation engineers, the colorado school of mines potential gas committee and the unece expert group on resource classification. he is also an active member of the joint committee on reserves evaluator training (jcoret). the senior vice president has bachelor of science and master of science degrees in geology from emory university in atlanta.
occidental has a corporate reserves review committee (reserves committee), consisting of senior corporate officers, to review and approve occidental's oil and gas reserves. the reserves committee reports to the audit committee of occidental's board of directors during the year. since 2003, occidental has retained ryder scott company, l.p. (ryder scott), independent petroleum engineering consultants, to review its annual oil and gas reserve estimation processes.
in 2015, ryder scott conducted a process review of the methods and analytical procedures utilized by occidental's engineering and geological staff for estimating the proved reserves volumes, preparing the economic evaluations and determining the reserves classifications as of december 31, 2015, in accordance with the sec regulatory standards. ryder scott reviewed the specific application of such methods and procedures for selected oil and gas properties considered to be a valid representation of occidental's 2015 year-end total proved reserves portfolio. in 2015, ryder scott reviewed approximately 19 percent of occidental's proved oil and gas reserves. since being engaged in 2003, ryder scott has reviewed the specific application of occidental's reserve estimation methods and procedures for approximately 80 percent of occidental's existing proved oil and gas reserves. management retains ryder scott to provide objective third-party input on its methods and procedures and to gather industry information applicable to occidental's reserve estimation and reporting process. ryder scott has not been engaged to render an opinion as to the reasonableness of reserves quantities reported by occidental. occidental has filed ryder scott's independent report as an exhibit to this form 10-k.
based on its reviews, including the data, technical processes and interpretations presented by occidental, ryder scott has concluded that the overall procedures and methodologies occidental utilized in estimating the proved reserves volumes, documenting the changes in reserves from prior estimates, preparing the economic evaluations and determining the reserves classifications for the reviewed properties are appropriate for the purpose thereof and comply with current sec regulations.
industry outlook the petroleum industry is highly competitive and subject to significant volatility due to various market conditions. the wti and brent oil price indexes declined further in 2015, closing at $37.04 per barrel and $37.28 per barrel, respectively, as of december 31, 2015. commodity prices continued their decline in early 2016. the wti and brent oil price indexes were $53.27 per barrel and $57.33 per barrel, respectively, as of december 31, 2014.
oil prices will continue to be affected by: (i) global supply and demand, which are generally a function of global economic conditions, inventory levels, production disruptions, technological advances, regional market conditions and the actions of opec, other significant producers and governments; (ii) transportation capacity, infrastructure constraints, and cost in producing areas; (iii) currency exchange rates; and (iv) the effect of changes in these variables on market perceptions.
ngls prices are related to the supply and demand for the components of products making up these liquids. some of them more typically correlate to the price of oil while others are affected by natural gas prices as well as the demand for certain chemical products for which they are used as feedstock. in addition, infrastructure constraints magnify the pricing volatility from region to region.
19
domestic natural gas prices and local differentials are strongly affected by local supply and demand fundamentals, as well as government regulations and availability of transportation capacity from producing areas.
these and other factors make it impossible to predict the future direction of oil, ngls and domestic gas prices reliably. international gas prices are generally fixed under long-term contracts. occidental continues to respond to economic conditions by adjusting capital expenditures in line with current economic conditions with the goal of keeping returns well above its cost of capital.
chemical segment business environment despite the continued modest pace of united states economic growth, demand for domestically produced energy and feedstocks decreased slightly as the global economic slowdown broadened and the strength of the u.s. dollar hindered exports. vinyls margins improved during the second half of 2015 as the cost of feedstocks, primarily ethylene and natural gas, improved significantly from 2014 levels.
business review basic chemicals during 2015, the united states economy continued its slow recovery with full-year growth expected to be below the 2.4 percent growth rate experienced in 2014. the lower u.s. growth rate was reflected in lower domestic demand as the industry chlorine operating rate decreased 1 percent to 83 percent from 84 percent in 2014. the slightly lower operating rate resulted in only a moderate improvement in chlorine pricing. exports of downstream chlorine derivatives into the vinyls chain were competitive for the balance of the year as ethylene costs decreased in line with falling energy costs. however, total derivative export volume was down versus 2014 as global demand softened particularly in asia and latin america. liquid caustic soda prices experienced downward price pressure during the first three quarters of 2015 as the industry continued to absorb the additional chlor-alkali capacity that has come on line in the u.s. during the last 2 years. domestic caustic soda prices rose in the fourth quarter of 2015 as the industry pushed to expand margins from historically depressed levels. export demand and pricing remains under pressure due to global over capacity and lower growth in major consuming regions and the strength of the u.s. dollar impacted demand for u.s. products. businesses such as calcium chloride and especially muriatic acid, were down due to substantially reduced oil and gas drilling activity and demand.
vinyls industry pvc margins improved slightly in 2015 compared to 2014 as record high spot ethylene costs declined sharply throughout the year and offset declines in pvc pricing. year-over-year domestic pvc demand increased only 0.9 percent due to the slow start to 2015 housing construction following extended winter conditions as well as the slower pace of growth in single family home sales. as the world economy stalled, export demand decreased 2.5 percent in 2015 compared to 2014. the pvc industry operating rate in 2015 of 83.7 percent was 0.6 percent lower than 2014 largely due to increased industry capacity coming on-line. export volume remained a significant portion of pvc sales representing 30 percent of total north american producer's production. the u.s. ethylene cost advantage of prior years has been reduced as world oil prices continued to decline in 2015. in early 2014, oxychem, through a 50/50 joint venture with mexichem s.a.b. de c.v., broke ground on a 1.2 billion pound-per-year ethylene cracker at the oxychem ingleside facility. construction on the ethylene cracker remains on budget and on schedule and the facility is expected to begin operating in early 2017.
industry outlook industry performance will depend on the health of the global economy, specifically in the housing, construction, automotive and durable goods markets. margins also depend on market supply and demand balances and feedstock and energy prices. long-term weakness in the petroleum industry may negatively affect the demand and pricing of a number of occidental's products that are consumed by industry participants.
basic chemicals occidental expects that if the united states housing, automotive and durable goods markets continue to improve, domestic demand for basic chemical products should be moderately higher in 2016. overall, the low chlor-alkali operating rates driven by capacity increases may limit significant price improvement but expected demand coupled with low energy costs should allow the margin gains secured at the end of 2015 to remain in place. the continued competitiveness of downstream chlorine derivatives in global markets is contingent on united states feedstock costs, primarily natural gas and ethylene, remaining favorable compared to other feedstock costs in global markets.
vinyls north american demand and operating rates should improve in 2016 as growth in both housing starts and commercial construction continues. occidental expects u.s. export demand to improve modestly and for margins to be on par with 2015.
midstream and marketing segment business environment midstream and marketing segment earnings are affected by the performance of its marketing and trading businesses and its processing, transportation and power generation assets. marketing and trading performance is affected primarily by commodity price changes and margins in oil and gas transportation and storage programs. processing and transportation results are affected by the volumes that are processed and transported through the segment's plants and pipelines, as well as the margins obtained on related services.
20
business review pipeline transportation margin and cash flow from pipeline transportation operations mainly reflect volumes shipped. dolphin energy owns and operates a 230-mile-long, 48-inch-diameter natural gas pipeline (dolphin pipeline), which transports dry natural gas from qatar to the uae and oman. the dolphin pipeline has capacity to transport up to 3.2 bcf of natural gas per day and currently transports approximately 2.3 bcf per day.
occidental owns an oil common carrier pipeline and storage system with approximately 2,900 miles of pipelines from southeast new mexico across the permian basin of southwest texas to cushing, oklahoma. the system has a current throughput capacity of about 720,000 barrels per day, 7.0 million barrels of active storage capability and 127 truck unloading facilities at various points along the system, which allow for additional volumes to be delivered into the pipeline.
occidental's 2015 pipeline transportation earnings declined from 2014 primarily due to lower income from its investment in plains pipeline as a result of occidental's november 2014 sale of a portion of its plains pipeline interest.
gas processing plants and co2 fields and facilities occidental processes its and third-party domestic wet gas to extract ngls and other gas byproducts, including co2, and delivers dry gas to pipelines. margins primarily result from the difference between inlet costs of wet gas and market prices for ngls.
occidental, together with adnoc, completed the al hosn gas processing facilities in abu dhabi at the end of 2014 and became fully operational in 2015. the al hosn gas processing facilities are designed to process 1.0 bcf per day of natural gas and separate it into sales gas, condensate, ngls and sulfur. the al hosn gas processing facilities include facilities to extract sulfur from natural gas and process it for sale. the facility produces approximately 8,700 tons per day of sulfur, of which occidental's share is approximately 3,500 tons of sulfur per day.
occidental relies upon several sources to ensure an adequate supply of co2 for its permian eor operations, including the occidental operated bravo dome field in northeastern new mexico and additional supplies from methane fields in the southwestern permian basin. occidental's century plant in pecos county, texas, further expands its eor infrastructure in the permian basin. the plant processes natural gas with high co2 content, resulting in methane gas for the market as well as a major source of co2 for our permian operations.
occidental's 2015 earnings from these operations decreased compared to 2014 due to lower realized ngl prices, partially offset by the commencement of al hosn sulfur sales.
power generation facilities earnings from power and steam generation facilities are derived from sales to affiliates and third parties. the decrease in earnings in 2015 compared to 2014 was due to lower margins in lower spark spreads and decreased production resulting from increased planned outages.
marketing the marketing group markets substantially all of occidental's oil, ngls and gas production, and trades around its assets, including its transportation and storage capacity. occidental's third-party marketing and trading activities focus on purchasing oil, ngls and gas for resale from parties whose oil and gas supply is located near its transportation and storage assets. these purchases allow occidental to aggregate volumes to better utilize and optimize its assets. marketing performance in 2015 declined compared to 2014 due to the narrowing of the midland to gulf coast oil price differentials.
industry outlook the pipeline transportation and power generation businesses are expected to remain relatively stable. the gas processing plant operations could have volatile results depending mostly on ngls prices, which cannot reasonably be predicted. generally, higher ngls prices result in higher profitability. the marketing business in isolation can be volatile in periods of severe price swings. occidental continues to actively focus on marketing its commodity production to generate maximum value for its stakeholders.
21
segment results of operations and significant items affecting earnings segment earnings exclude income taxes, interest income, interest expense, environmental remediation expenses, unallocated corporate expenses and discontinued operations, but include gains and losses from dispositions of segment assets and income from the segments' equity investments. seasonality is not a primary driver of changes in occidental's consolidated quarterly earnings during the year.
the statements of income and cash flows, and supplemental oil and gas information related to california resources have been treated as discontinued operations for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013. the assets and liabilities of california resources were removed from occidental's consolidated balance sheet as of november 30, 2014 because of the spin-off from occidental.
the following table sets forth the sales and earnings of each operating segment and corporate items:
(in millions, except per share amounts)
for the years ended december 31,                            2015                    2014                    2013
net sales (a)
oil and gas                                         $8,304                 $13,887                 $15,008
chemical                                             3,945                   4,817                   4,673
midstream and marketing                                891                   1,373                   1,174
eliminations (a)                                      (660     )              (765     )              (685     )
$12,480                 $19,312                 $20,170
segment results domestic                                           $(4,151     )           $(2,381     )            $1,938
foreign                                             (3,747     )             2,935                   4,581
exploration                                           (162     )              (126     )              (108     )
oil and gas (b,c,d)                                 (8,060     )               428                   6,411
chemical (e)                                           542                     420                     743
midstream and marketing (f,g)                       (1,194     )             2,564                   1,523
(8,712     )             3,412                   8,677
unallocated corporate items interest expense, net                                 (141     )               (71     )              (124     )
income taxes                                         1,330                  (1,685     )            (3,214     )
other (h)                                             (623     )            (1,800     )              (407     )
income (loss) from continuing operations            (8,146     )              (144     )             4,932
discontinued operations, net (i)                       317                     760                     971
net income attributable to common stock            $(7,829     )              $616                  $5,903
basic earnings per common share                    $(10.23     )             $0.79                   $7.33
see footnotes following significant transactions and events affecting occidental's earnings.
the following table sets forth significant transactions and events affecting occidental's earnings that vary widely and unpredictably in nature, timing and amount:
benefit (charge) (in millions)                                       2015                2014                2013
oil and gas asset sales gains (b)                                             $10                $531                  $-
asset impairments and related items domestic (c)               (3,457   )          (4,766   )            (607   )
asset impairments and related items international (d)          (5,050   )          (1,066   )               -
total oil and gas                                             $(8,497   )         $(5,301   )           $(607   )
chemical asset sales gains (e)                                             $98                  $-                $131
asset impairments and related items                              (121   )            (149   )               -
total chemical                                                   $(23   )           $(149   )            $131
midstream and marketing asset sale gains (f)                                               $-              $1,984              $1,044
asset impairments and related items (g)                        (1,259   )              31                 (58   )
total midstream and marketing                                 $(1,259   )          $2,015                $986
corporate asset sale losses                                                 $(8   )              $-                  $-
asset impairments (h)                                            (235   )          (1,358   )             (55   )
severance, spin-off and other                                    (118   )             (61   )               -
tax effect of pre-tax and other adjustments                     1,903                 927                (167   )
discontinued operations, net of tax (i)                           317                 760                 971
total corporate                                                $1,859                $268                $749
(a)   intersegment sales eliminate upon consolidation and are generally made at prices approximating those that the selling entity would be able to obtain in third-party transactions.
(b)   the 2014 amount represented the gain on sale of the hugoton properties.
(c)   the 2015 amount included approximately $1.6 billion of impairment and related charges associated with non-core domestic oil and gas assets in the williston basin (sold in november 2015) and piceance basin (held for sale as of december 31, 2015). the remaining 2015 charges are mainly associated with the decline in commodity prices and management changes to future development plans. the 2014 and 2013 amounts were mainly comprised of impairment and related charges on the williston and piceance assets.
(d)   the 2015 amount included impairment and related charges of approximately $1.7 billion for operations where occidental is exiting or reducing its involvement in and $3.4 billion related to the decline in commodity prices.
(e)   the 2015 amount included the gain on sale of an idled facility. the 2013 amount included the gain on sale of the investment in carbocloro, a brazilian chemical facility.
(f)   the 2014 amount included a $633 million gain on sale of occidental's interest in bridgetex pipeline company, llc, and a $1.4 billion gain on sale of a portion of occidental's investment in plains pipeline. the 2013 amount included a $1.0 billion gain on sale of a portion of occidental's investment in plains pipeline.
(g)   the 2015 amount included an impairment charge of $814 million related to the century gas processing plant as a result of sandridge's inability to provide volumes to the plant and meet its contractual obligations to deliver co2.
(h)   the 2015 amount included a $227 million other-than-temporary loss on occidental's investment in california resources. the 2014 amount included an $805 million impairment charge for the joslyn oil sand project and a $553 million other-than-temporary loss on the investment in california resources
(i)   the 2015 amount included a $322 million pre-tax gain related to the ecuador settlement. see note 2 of the consolidated financial statements. the 2014 and 2013 amounts include the results of occidental's california operations.
22
oil and gas
(in millions)     2015                2014                2013
segment sales            $8,304             $13,887             $15,008
segment results domestic                $(4,151   )         $(2,381   )          $1,938
foreign                  (3,747   )           2,935               4,581
exploration                (162   )            (126   )            (108   )
$(8,060   )            $428              $6,411
the following tables set forth the production and sales volumes of oil, ngls and natural gas per day for each of the three years in the period ended december 31, 2015. the differences between the production and sales volumes per day are generally due to the timing of shipments at occidental's international locations where product is loaded onto tankers.
production per day (mboe)                              2015                    2014                    2013
united states permian resources                               110                      75                      65
permian eor                                     145                     147                     147
midcontinent and other                           57                      70                      72
total                                           312                     292                     284
latin america                                    37                      29                      31
middle east/north africa al hosn                                          35                       -                       -
dolphin                                          41                      38                      37
oman                                             89                      76                      74
qatar                                            66                      69                      68
other                                            72                      67                      79
total                                           303                     250                     258
total production ongoing operations             652                     571                     573
sold assets - hugoton                             -                       6                      18
sold assets - williston                          16                      20                      18
total production (mboe) (a)                     668                     597                     609
(see footnote following the average realized prices table)
production per day by products                         2015                    2014                    2013
united states oil (mbbl)
permian resources                                71                      43                      35
permian eor                                     110                     111                     111
midcontinent and other                            6                       8                       7
total                                           187                     162                     153
ngls (mbbl)
permian resources                                16                      12                      10
permian eor                                      29                      30                      29
midcontinent and other                           10                      12                      15
total                                            55                      54                      54
natural gas (mmcf)
permian resources                               137                     120                     117
permian eor                                      37                      38                      40
midcontinent and other                          246                     296                     311
total                                           420                     454                     468
latin america oil (mbbl) - colombia                            35                      27                      29
natural gas (mmcf) - bolivia                     10                      11                      12
middle east/north africa oil (mbbl)
al hosn                                           7                       -                       -
dolphin                                           7                       7                       6
oman                                             82                      69                      66
qatar                                            66                      69                      68
other                                            32                      28                      39
total                                           194                     173                     179
ngls (mbbl)
al hosn                                          10                       -                       -
dolphin                                           8                       7                       7
total                                            18                       7                       7
natural gas (mmcf)
al hosn                                         109                       -                       -
dolphin                                         158                     143                     142
oman                                             44                      43                      51
other                                           237                     236                     241
total                                           548                     422                     434
total production ongoing operations             652                     571                     573
sold assets - hugoton                             -                       6                      18
sold assets - williston                          16                      20                      18
total production (mboe) (a)                     668                     597                     609
(see footnote following the average realized prices table)
23
sales volumes per day by products                    2015                    2014                    2013
united states oil (mbbl)                                    187                     162                     153
ngls (mbbl)                                    55                      54                      54
natural gas (mmcf)                            420                     454                     468
latin america oil (mbbl) - colombia                          35                      29                      27
natural gas (mmcf) - bolivia                   10                      11                      12
middle east/north africa oil (mbbl)
al hosn                                         7                       -                       -
dolphin                                         8                       7                       6
oman                                           82                      69                      68
qatar                                          67                      69                      67
other                                          36                      27                      38
total                                         200                     172                     179
ngls (mbbl)
al hosn                                        10                       -                       -
dolphin                                         8                       7                       7
total                                          18                       7                       7
natural gas (mmcf)                            548                     422                     434
total sales ongoing operations                658                     572                     572
sold assets - hugoton                           -                       6                      18
sold assets - williston                        16                      20                      18
total sales volumes (mboe) (a)                674                     598                     608
(see footnote following the average realized prices table)
2015                2014                2013
average realized prices oil prices ($ per bbl)
united states                     $45.04              $84.73              $92.48
latin america                     $44.49              $88.00             $103.21
middle east/north africa          $49.65              $96.34             $104.48
total worldwide                   $47.10              $90.13              $98.81
ngls prices ($ per bbl)
united states                     $15.35              $37.79              $38.65
middle east/north africa          $17.88              $30.98              $33.00
total worldwide                   $15.96              $37.01              $38.00
gas prices ($ per mcf)
united states                      $2.15               $3.97               $3.22
latin america                      $5.20               $8.94              $11.17
total worldwide (a)                $1.49               $2.55               $2.23
(a)   natural gas volumes have been converted to boe based on energy content of six mcf of gas to one barrel of oil. barrels of oil equivalence does not necessarily result in price equivalence.
oil and gas segment results in 2015 included pre-tax impairment and related charges of $3.5 billion and $5.0 billion on domestic and international assets, respectively. approximately $1.3 billion of the domestic impairment and related charges were due to the exit of occidental's operations in the williston basin, which was sold in november 2015 and in the piceance basin, where assets and associated liabilities have been classified as held for sale at december 31, 2015. the remaining domestic charges were due to the significant decline in the futures price curve as well as management's decision not to pursue development activities associated with certain non-producing acreage. internationally, the impairments and related charges were due to a combination of occidental's strategic plan to exit or reduce our exposure in certain middle east and north africa operations as well as the decline in the futures price curve, which have made certain projects in the region unprofitable. earnings in 2014 included pre-tax charges of $5.3 billion related to the impairment of domestic and international assets and the gain from the sale of hugoton assets. earnings in 2013 included pre-tax charges of $0.6 billion for the impairment of domestic non-producing acreage.
domestic oil and gas segment results, excluding impairment and other charges in both years, reflected a loss of approximately $700 million in 2015 compared to income of $1.9 billion in 2014. the decrease in domestic earnings reflected significantly lower crude oil, ngl and natural gas prices, partially offset by higher crude oil production volumes and lower operating costs from lower workover and maintenance costs and lower dd&a expenses. international oil and gas segment earnings, excluding impairments and other charges, were $1.2 billion in 2015 and $4.0 billion in 2014. the decrease in international earnings reflected lower realized crude oil prices, partially offset by higher sales volumes.
average production costs for 2015, excluding taxes other than on income, were $11.57 per boe, compared to $13.50 per boe for 2014. the decrease in average costs reflected decreased activity in downhole maintenance and lower overall cost structure.
average daily oil and gas production volumes, excluding assets sold, increased by 81,000 boe to 652,000 boe in 2015. average domestic daily production increased by 20,000 boe to 312,000 boe in 2015. during this same time period, domestic daily oil production increased by over 15 percent or 25,000 barrels per day to 187,000 barrels, all coming from permian resources. an increase in permian resources production was partially offset by lower natural gas and oil production in piceance and south texas where we have ceased all gas drilling activities. international average daily production volumes increased to 340,000 boe in 2015 from 279,000 boe in 2014. the increase was primarily due to the start up of production from al hosn and higher production in colombia. total company average daily sales volumes were 658,000 boe per day in 2015 and 572,000 boe per day in 2014.
domestic oil and gas segment earnings, excluding impairment and other charges in both years, were $1.9 billion in 2014 compared to $2.5 billion in 2013. the decrease in domestic earnings reflected lower crude oil and ngls prices, higher operating costs from increased workover and maintenance activities, and higher dd&a expenses, partially offset by higher crude oil production volumes and improved realized prices for natural gas. international oil and gas segment earnings, excluding impairments, were $4.0 billion in 2014 and $4.6 billion in 2013. international earnings reflected lower realized crude oil prices and sales volumes, partially offset by lower operating expenses and dd&a.
24
average daily oil and gas production volumes, excluding assets sold, were 571,000 boe and 573,000 boe in 2014 and 2013, respectively. average domestic daily production volumes were 292,000 boe in 2014 and 285,000 boe in 2013. during this same time period, domestic daily oil production increased by 6 percent or 9,000 barrels per day to 162,000 barrels, mainly coming from permian resources. international average daily production volumes decreased to 279,000 boe in 2014 from 289,000 boe in 2013. the decrease was primarily due to lower cost recovery barrels in iraq and insurgent activities in colombia, libya and yemen. total company average daily sales volumes were 572,000 boe in both 2014 and 2013.
chemical
(in millions)     2015                2014                2013
segment sales            $3,945              $4,817              $4,673
segment results            $542                $420                $743
chemical segment earnings, excluding asset impairments of $121 million and gain on sale of $98 million from the sale of an idled facility, were $565 million in 2015 compared to $569 million, excluding asset impairments of $149 million, in 2014. the year over year decrease was primarily due to lower caustic soda pricing and lower sales volumes across most products, offset by improved pvc margins resulting primarily from lower energy and ethylene costs.
chemical segment earnings, excluding asset impairments of $149 million in 2014 and gain on sale of $131 million from the sale of the carbocloro investment in 2013, were $569 million in 2014 compared to $612 million in 2013. the lower earnings in 2014 were primarily a result of lower caustic soda pricing driven by new chlor-alkali capacity in the industry and higher energy and ethylene costs, partially offset by higher pvc margins and improved volumes across most product lines.
midstream and marketing
(in millions)     2015                2014                2013
segment sales              $891              $1,373              $1,174
segment results         $(1,194   )          $2,564              $1,523
midstream and marketing segment earnings were $65 million in 2015, compared to $549 million in 2014, excluding impairments and related item charges of $1.3 billion mainly consisting of the impairment charge of the century gas processing plant in 2015 and $2.0 billion of gains comprised of the sale of bridgetex pipeline and part of occidental's investment in plains pipeline in 2014. the decrease in earnings primarily reflected lower marketing margins due to the narrowing of the midland to gulf coast differentials, lower domestic gas processing income due to lower ngl prices and lower pipeline income as a result of lower dolphin pipeline gas sales and the decrease in occidental's interest in plains pipeline.
midstream and marketing segment earnings in 2014, excluding impairments and other items and gains on sales of $2.0 billion in 2014 and $1.0 billion in 2013, were $549 million in 2014, compared to $537 million in 2013. the increase in earnings reflected higher income from the gas processing and power generation businesses, partially offset by lower marketing performance and pipeline income.
taxes deferred tax liabilities, net of deferred tax assets of $2.0 billion, were $1.3 billion at december 31, 2015. the deferred tax assets, net of allowances, are expected to be realized through future operating income and reversal of temporary differences.
worldwide effective tax rate the following table sets forth the calculation of the worldwide effective tax rate for income from continuing operations:
(in millions)                                              2015                2014                2013
segment results oil and gas                                         $(8,060   )            $428              $6,411
chemical                                                542                 420                 743
midstream and marketing (a)                          (1,194   )           2,564               1,523
unallocated corporate items                            (764   )          (1,871   )            (531   )
pre-tax (loss) income                                (9,476   )           1,541               8,146
income tax (benefit) expense federal and state                                    (2,070   )            (157   )           1,061
foreign                                                 740               1,842               2,153
total income tax (benefit) expense                   (1,330   )           1,685               3,214
income (loss) from continuing operations(a)         $(8,146   )           $(144   )          $4,932
worldwide effective tax rate                             14   %             109   %              40   %
(a)   represents amounts attributable to income from continuing operations after deducting a non controlling interest amount of $14 million in 2014. the non controlling interest amount has been netted in the midstream and marketing segment earnings.
occidental's 2015 worldwide effective tax rate was 14 percent, which is lower than in 2014 mainly due to the mix of domestic operating losses and foreign operating income, domestic asset impairments that are taxed at statutory rates and foreign oil and gas asset impairments, the majority of which have no reported tax benefits. excluding the impact of impairments and other nonrecurring items, occidental's worldwide effective tax rate for 2015 would be 86 percent.
a deferred tax liability has not been recognized for temporary differences related to unremitted earnings of certain consolidated foreign subsidiaries, as it is occidental's intention, generally, to reinvest such earnings permanently. if the earnings of these foreign subsidiaries were not indefinitely reinvested, an additional deferred tax liability of approximately $115 million would be required, assuming utilization of available foreign tax credits.
25
consolidated results of operations changes in components of occidental's results of continuing operations are discussed below:
revenue and other income items
(in millions)                                         2015                2014                2013
net sales                                                   $12,480             $19,312             $20,170
interest, dividends and other income                           $118                $130                $107
gain on sale of equity investments and other assets            $101              $2,505              $1,175
the decrease in net sales in 2015, compared to 2014, was mainly due to the significant decline in worldwide oil, ngls and gas prices, partially offset by higher domestic and international crude oil volumes. average wti and brent prices fell by nearly 50 percent and nymex gas prices fell by over 35 percent in 2015 as compared to 2014 prices.
the decrease in net sales in 2014, compared to 2013, was due to a significant decline in the fourth quarter of 2014 in worldwide oil and ngls prices, partially offset by higher domestic oil volumes, and higher domestic natural gas prices.
price and volume changes in the oil and gas segment generally represent the majority of the change in oil and gas segment income which is a substantially larger portion of the overall change in net income than the chemical and midstream and marketing segments.
the 2015 gains on sale included $98 million for the sale of an idled facility. the 2014 gains on sale included $1.4 billion for the sale of a portion of the investment in plains pipeline, $633 million for the sale of bridgetex pipeline and $531 million for the sale of hugoton properties. the 2013 gains on sale included $1.0 billion for the sale of a portion of the investment in plains pipeline and $131 million for the sale of the carbocloro investment.
expense items
(in millions)                                                      2015                2014                2013
cost of sales                                                             $5,804              $6,803              $6,497
selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses          $1,270              $1,503              $1,544
depreciation, depletion and amortization                                  $4,544              $4,261              $4,203
asset impairments and related items                                      $10,239              $7,379                $621
taxes other than on income                                                  $343                $550                $564
exploration expense                                                          $36                $150                $140
interest and debt expense, net                                              $147                 $77                $132
cost of sales decreased in 2015, compared to 2014, due to lower energy and feedstock costs in the chemical segment, lower fuel costs in the power generation operations and lower worldwide production costs, including workovers and downhole maintenance costs.
cost of sales increased in 2014, compared to 2013, due to higher energy and feedstock costs in the chemical segment and increased domestic down hole maintenance activities and higher costs for purchased injectants in the oil and gas segment.
selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses decreased in 2015 compared to 2014, due to lower compensation expense.
selling, general and administrative and other operating expenses in 2014 were approximately equivalent to 2013.
dd&a increased in 2015, compared to 2014 due to higher production volumes partially offset by lower dd&a rates.
asset impairments and related items in 2015 of $10.2 billion included charges of $3.5 billion related to domestic oil and gas assets due to occidental's exit from the williston and piceance basins as well as the decline in the futures price curve and management's decision not to pursue activities associated with certain non-producing acreage. international oil and gas charges of $5.0 billion were due to a combination of occidental's strategic plan to exit or reduce its exposure in certain middle east and north africa operations as well as the decline in the futures price curve, which have made certain projects in the region unprofitable. midstream charges of $1.3 billion included the impairment of occidental's century gas processing plant as a result of sandridge's inability to provide volumes to the plant and meet their contractual obligations to deliver co2. occidental recorded an other-than-temporary loss of $227 million for its available for sale investment in california resources.
asset impairments and related items in 2014 of $7.4 billion included $2.8 billion in the williston basin, $904 million related to occidental's gas and ngls assets, $889 million for other domestic acreage and $1.1 billion primarily related to operations in bahrain and other international operations. asset impairments also include charges for joslyn oil sands of $805 million and an other than temporary loss of $553 million for the available for sale investment in california resources stock.
asset impairments and related items in 2013 of $621 million were mostly related to the impairment of certain non-producing domestic oil and gas acreage.
taxes other than on income in 2015 decreased from 2014 due primarily to lower oil, ngl and gas prices, which resulted in lower ad valorem and severance taxes. taxes other than on income in 2014 were approximately equivalent to 2013.
other items income/(expense) (in millions)   2015                2014                2013
provision for income taxes              $1,330             $(1,685   )         $(3,214   )
income from equity investments            $208                $331                $395
discontinued operations, net              $317                $760                $971
provision for income taxes decreased in 2015, compared to 2014, due to the pre-tax loss in 2015 as a result of the lower price environment and impairments and related charges.
provision for income taxes decreased in 2014, compared to 2013, due to lower pre-tax income, partially offset by certain nondeductible charges which increased the effective rate.
income from equity investments decreased in 2015, compared to 2014, due to lower earnings from occidental's
26
equity investments in pipelines as a result of the lower dolphin gas sales, occidental's reduced ownership in plains pipeline and the expiration of occidental's contract in yemen block 10, where occidental held an equity interest. occidental's reduced ownership in the plains pipeline contributed to the decrease of income from equity investments from 2013 to 2014.
discontinued operations, net in 2015 of $317 million includes the initial settlement payments by the republic of ecuador. see note 2 of the consolidated financial statements.
consolidated analysis of financial position the changes in select components of occidental's balance sheet are discussed below:
(in millions)                                                      2015                2014
current assets cash and cash equivalents                                    $3,201              $3,789
restricted cash                                               1,193               4,019
trade receivables, net                                        2,970               4,206
inventories                                                     986               1,052
assets held for sale                                            141                   -
other current assets                                            911                 807
total current assets                                         $9,402             $13,873
investments in unconsolidated entities                       $1,267              $1,171
available for sale investment                                  $167                $394
property, plant and equipment, net                          $31,639             $39,730
long-term receivables and other assets, net                    $962              $1,091
current liabilities current maturities of long-term debt                         $1,450                  $-
accounts payable                                              3,069               5,229
accrued liabilities                                           2,213               2,601
domestic and foreign income taxes                                 -                 414
liabilities of assets held for sale                             110                   -
total current liabilities                                    $6,842              $8,244
long-term debt, net                                          $6,883              $6,838
deferred credits and other liabilities-income taxes          $1,323              $3,015
deferred credits and other liabilities-other                 $4,039              $3,203
stockholders' equity                                        $24,350             $34,959
assets see "liquidity and capital resources - cash flow analysis" for discussion of the change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash.
the decline in trade receivables, net, was due to lower oil and gas prices at the end of 2015, compared to the end of 2014. inventories decreased as a result of lower per unit values assigned to oil and gas inventories. other current assets increased as a result of receivables recorded for the federal and state tax refunds anticipated on the net operating loss carryback. the increase in investments in unconsolidated entities was due to 2015 contributions to the ethylene cracker joint venture, partially offset by a financing distribution from dolphin energy. the decrease in the available for sale investment is the result of an other than temporary impairment recognized with respect to the value of occidental's retained interest in california resources. in february 2016, occidental declared a special stock dividend for all of its 71.5 million shares of common stock of california resources to stockholders of record as of february 29, 2016, to be distributed on march 24, 2016. the decrease in pp&e, net, was due to dd&a and asset impairments, partially offset by capital expenditures.
liabilities and stockholders' equity current maturities of long-term debt was related to occidental's 4.125-percent and 2.5-percent senior notes due in 2016. the decrease in accounts payable reflected lower marketing payables as a result of lower oil and gas prices at the end of 2015, and lower accrued capital expenditures as occidental reduced its capital budget. liabilities of assets held for sale represented liabilities to be transferred with the piceance field.
the decrease in deferred credits and other liabilities-income taxes was due to the decrease in the difference between the book and tax basis of occidental's oil and gas properties. the increase in deferred credits and other liabilities was primarily due to contractual obligations related to assets held for sale. the decrease in stockholders' equity reflected the distribution of cash dividends, share repurchases, and the 2015 net loss.
liquidity and capital resources at december 31, 2015, occidental had approximately $3.2 billion in cash and cash equivalents and $1.2 billion in restricted cash. a substantial majority of this cash is held and available for use in the united states. income and cash flows are largely dependent on the oil and gas segment's prices, sales volumes and costs.
as a result of the tax-free status of the spin-off of california resources, occidental's use of restricted cash is limited to the payment of dividends, repayment of debt or share repurchases. to retain the tax-free status of the spin-off, the restricted cash must be used for one of these purposes within eighteen months from the date of distribution. subsequent to december 31, 2015, occidental utilized the remaining restricted cash balance to retire debt and pay dividends.
in june 2015, occidental issued $1.5 billion of debt that was comprised of $750 million of 3.50-percent senior unsecured notes due 2025 and $750 million of 4.625-percent senior unsecured notes due 2045. occidental received net proceeds of approximately $1.48 billion. interest on the notes is payable semi-annually in arrears in june and december of each year for both series of notes, beginning on december 15, 2015. in february 2016, occidental retired $700 million of 2.5-percent senior notes that had matured.
in august 2014, occidental entered into a new five-year, $2.0 billion bank credit facility (credit facility) in order to replace its previous $2.0 billion bank credit facility, which was scheduled to expire in october 2016. the 2014 credit facility does not contain material adverse change clauses or debt ratings triggers that could restrict occidental's ability to borrow under this facility. occidental did not draw down any amounts under the credit facility during 2015 and no amounts were outstanding as of december 31, 2015.
as of december 31, 2015, under the most restrictive covenants of its financing agreements, occidental had substantial capacity for additional unsecured borrowings,
27
the payment of cash dividends and other distributions on, or acquisitions of, occidental stock.
occidental, from time to time, may access and has accessed debt markets for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions.
cash flow analysis cash provided by operating activities
(in millions)                                                                                  2015   2014                2013
operating cash flow from continuing operations                                           $3,254              $8,871             $10,229
operating cash flow from discontinued operations, net of taxes                               97               2,197               2,549
net cash provided by operating activities                                                $3,351             $11,068             $12,778
cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations in 2015 decreased $5.6 billion to $3.3 billion, from $8.9 billion in 2014. operating cash flows were negatively impacted by lower worldwide realized oil, ngls, and natural gas prices throughout 2015, which on a year-over-year basis declined 48 percent, 57 percent, and 42 percent, respectively. the effect of lower commodity prices was partially offset by higher production and lower operating costs. the usage of working capital in 2015 reflected lower realized prices that impacted receivable collections and payments related to higher capital and operating spending accrued in the fourth quarter of 2014 and paid in 2015.
cash provided by operating activities from continuing operations decreased $1.3 billion in 2014 to $8.9 billion, compared to $10.2 billion in 2013. operating cash flows were negatively impacted by lower oil prices in the second half of 2014, which on a year-over-year basis declined 8 percent domestically and 9 percent worldwide, and higher domestic operating expenses for increased workover activity and higher prices for purchased injectants. also in 2014, occidental paid higher income taxes, in part related to the fourth quarter 2013 sale of a portion of the investment in plains pipeline and the first half of 2014 sale of hugoton assets, while 2013 included the collection of a tax receivable. working capital changes in receivables reflected higher collections in the first half of 2014.
other cost elements, such as labor costs and overhead, are not significant drivers of changes in cash flow because they are relatively stable within a narrow range over the short to intermediate term. changes in these costs had a much smaller effect on cash flows than changes in oil and gas product prices, sales volumes and operating costs.
the chemical and midstream and marketing segments cash flows are significantly smaller and their overall cash flows are generally less significant than the impact of the oil and gas segment.
occidental booked significant non-cash adjustments to income as a result of lower product prices and management's strategic review. asset impairments and related items were $9.7 billion, $7.4 billion and $0.6 billion for 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. the 2015 and 2014 impairments are the result of a thorough portfolio review which resulted in the reduction of carrying values for projects which have sub-par returns in the current low oil and gas price environment. the 2013 impairment was mostly related to non-producing domestic oil and gas acreage.
occidental recorded gains on sale of equity investments and other assets of $0.1 billion, $2.5 billion and $1.2 billion in 2015, 2014, and 2013, respectively. cash proceeds related to these gains are reported as investing activities.
in 2015, occidental filed for an extension of time for payment of taxes by a corporation expecting a net operating loss carryback. the other operating, net, for 2015 of $650 million represented the federal and state tax benefit on the carryback of the 2015 net operating loss, of which $358 million will be applied to the 2014 federal balance due and the remainder will be received in cash during 2016. the $382 million in 2013 reflected the collection of a tax refund related to the 2012 net operating loss carryback.
cash used by investing activities
(in millions)                                                   2015                2014                2013
capital expenditures oil and gas                                                           $(4,442   )         $(6,533   )         $(5,409   )
chemical                                                                 (254   )            (314   )            (424   )
midstream and marketing                                                  (535   )          (1,983   )          (1,360   )
corporate                                                                 (41   )            (100   )            (164   )
total                                                                  (5,272   )          (8,930   )          (7,357   )
other investing activities, net                                          (151   )           2,686               1,040
net cash used by investing activities - continuing operations          (5,423   )          (6,244   )          (6,317   )
investing cash flow from discontinued operations                            -              (2,226   )          (1,727   )
net cash used by investing activities                                 $(5,423   )         $(8,470   )         $(8,044   )
occidental's net capital expenditures declined $3.1 billion in 2015 to $5.6 billion, after contributions to the oxychem ingleside facility which is included in other investing activities. the decline is the result of lower spending in oil and gas non-core operations in the united states and middle east and reduced expenditures on long-term projects coming on line at the end of 2014.
compared to $7.2 billion in 2013, occidental's net capital expenditures for 2014 were $8.7 billion after netting of partner contributions for the bridgetex pipeline, which is included in financing activities, and the chemical joint venture. the increase in capital expenditures of $1.5 billion from 2013 to 2014 was due to increased development activity in the domestic oil and gas operations, primarily permian resources. the increase in the midstream and marketing capital expenditures was due to higher spending for the al hosn gas project and bridgetex pipeline.
while the 2016 environment remains challenging, occidental remains committed to allocating capital to only its highest return projects. occidental's 2016 capital spending is expected to be no more than $3 billion.
in 2015, cash flows used in other investing activities of $0.1 billion is comprised primarily of changes in the capital accrual and asset purchases offset by the sales of equity investments and assets.
the 2014 other investing activities, net, included proceeds of $1.3 billion for the sale of the hugoton field operations, $1.1 billion for the sale of the bridgetex
28
pipeline and $1.7 billion for the sale of a portion of occidental's investment in plains pipeline, which was partially offset by $1.7 billion of acquisitions primarily in the permian basin.
the 2013 other investing activities, net included proceeds of $1.4 billion for the sale of a portion of the investment in plains pipeline and $0.3 billion for the sale of chemical's investment in carbocloro, which was partially offset by acquisitions of approximately $0.6 billion.
capital commitments for long-term projects currently under construction in the midstream and chemicals segment in 2016 are planned to be approximately $500 million.
cash used by financing activities
(in millions)                                      2015                                            2014   2013
financing cash flow from continuing operations                           $1,484           $(2,326     )       $(2,933     )
financing cash flow from discontinued operations                              -                 124           -
net cash provided (used) by financing activities                         $1,484           $(2,202     )       $(2,933     )
cash provided by financing activities in 2015 was $1.5 billion, as compared to cash used by financing activities in 2014 of $2.2 billion. financing activities in 2015 included proceeds from long term debt of $1.5 billion. occidental used restricted cash of $2.8 billion to pay dividends and purchase treasury stock. subsequent to december 31, 2015, occidental utilized the remaining restricted cash balance to retire debt and pay dividends.
cash used by financing activities in 2014 included special cash distributions received prior to the separation of california resources of $6.1 billion, of which $4.95 billion was restricted cash. approximately $0.9 billion of the restricted cash was used for share repurchases and the fourth quarter dividend payment, resulting in a $4.0 billion restricted cash balance as of december 31, 2014. the 2014 net cash used by financing activities included $2.5 billion for purchases of treasury stock and $2.2 billion for dividend payments, which were partially offset by $0.4 billion for contributions received from a noncontrolling interest. a dividend payment was accelerated in 2012 which resulted in three dividend payments in 2013, whereas there were four cash dividend payments in 2014.
the 2013 net cash used by financing activities included $0.7 billion used to retire debt and $0.2 billion of contributions received from a noncontrolling interest. common stock dividends paid and purchases of treasury stock were $1.6 billion and $0.9 billion in 2013, respectively due to the accelerated payment in 2012 of that year's fourth quarter dividend. in addition, purchases of treasury stock increased from $0.6 billion in 2012 to over $0.9 billion in 2013.
off-balance-sheet arrangements the following is a description of the business purpose and nature of occidental's off-balance-sheet arrangements.
guarantees occidental has guaranteed its portion of equity method investees' debt and has entered into various other guarantees including performance bonds, letters of credit, indemnities and commitments provided by occidental to third parties, mainly to provide assurance that opc or its subsidiaries and affiliates will meet their various obligations (guarantees). as of december 31, 2015, occidental's guarantees were not material and a substantial majority consisted of limited recourse guarantees on approximately $318 million of dolphin's debt. the fair value of the guarantees was immaterial.
occidental has guaranteed certain obligations of its subsidiaries for various letters of credit, indemnities and commitments.
see "oil and gas segment - business review - qatar" and "segment results of operations" for further information about dolphin.
leases occidental has entered into various operating lease agreements, mainly for transportation equipment, power plants, machinery, terminals, storage facilities, land and office space. occidental leases assets when leasing offers greater operating flexibility. lease payments are generally expensed as part of cost of sales and selling, general and administrative expenses. for more information, see "contractual obligations."
contractual obligations the table below summarizes and cross-references occidental's contractual obligations. this summary indicates on- and off-balance-sheet obligations as of december 31, 2015.
contractual obligations(in millions)                                                                                                     payments due by year total                        2016             2017and 2018             2019and 2020             2021and thereafter on-balance sheet long-term debt (note 5) (a)                   $8,357              $1,450                   $1,750                     $116                         $5,041
other long-term liabilities (b)                2,604                 983                      415                      393                            813
off-balance sheet operating leases (note 6)                      1,175                 179                      317                      171                            508
purchase obligations (c)                       9,906               1,890                    2,420                    1,321                          4,275
total                                        $22,042              $4,502                   $4,902                   $2,001                        $10,637
(a)   excludes unamortized debt discount and interest on the debt. as of december 31, 2015, interest on long-term debt totaling $2.2 billion is payable in the following years (in millions): 2016 - $242, 2017 and 2018 - $407, 2019 and 2020 - $381, 2021 and thereafter - $1,194.
(b)   includes obligations under postretirement benefit and deferred compensation plans, net fair value of derivative commodity contracts as well as certain accrued liabilities.
(c)   amounts include payments which will become due under long-term agreements to purchase goods and services used in the normal course of business to secure terminal and pipeline capacity, drilling rigs and services, co2, electrical power, steam and certain chemical raw materials. amounts exclude certain product purchase obligations related to marketing and trading activities for which there are no minimum purchase requirements or the amounts are not fixed or determinable. long-term purchase contracts are discounted at a 3.3 percent discount rate.
29
delivery commitments occidental has made commitments to certain refineries and other buyers to deliver oil, natural gas and ngls. the total amount contracted to be delivered, a substantial majority of which is in the united states, is approximately 379 million barrels of oil through 2025, 7 billion cubic feet of gas through 2016 and 22 million barrels of ngls through 2017. the price for these deliveries is set at the time of delivery of the product. occidental has significantly more production capacity than the amounts committed and has the ability to secure additional volumes in case of a shortfall.
lawsuits, claims and contingencies opc or certain of its subsidiaries are involved, in the normal course of business, in lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that seek, among other things, compensation for alleged personal injury, breach of contract, property damage or other losses, punitive damages, civil penalties, or injunctive or declaratory relief. opc or certain of its subsidiaries also are involved in proceedings under the comprehensive environmental response, compensation, and liability act (cercla) and similar federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws. these environmental proceedings seek funding or performance of remediation and, in some cases, compensation for alleged property damage, punitive damages, civil penalties and injunctive relief. usually opc or such subsidiaries are among many companies in these environmental proceedings and have to date been successful in sharing response costs with other financially sound companies. further, some lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings involve acquired or disposed assets with respect to which a third party or occidental retains liability or indemnifies the other party for conditions that existed prior to the transaction.
in december 2014, a new jersey state court approved occidental's settlement with the state of new jersey (the state) to resolve claims asserted by the state against occidental arising from occidental's acquisition of diamond shamrock chemicals company (dscc). during 2015, pursuant to the settlement agreement (state settlement) occidental paid the state $190 million. under certain circumstances, occidental agreed to perform or fund future work on behalf of the state along a portion of the passaic river. when occidental acquired the stock of dscc in 1986, maxus energy corporation, a subsidiary of ypf s.a. (maxus), retained liability for the lister avenue plant, which is part of the diamond alkali superfund site, as well as other sites. maxus is also obligated to indemnify occidental for the state settlement. occidental is pursuing maxus to recover the settlement costs. the state settlement does not cover any potential occidental share of costs associated with the epa's proposed clean-up plan of the passaic river, announced in april 2014. maxus is also responsible for federal clean-up or other costs associated with the lister avenue plant and the diamond alkali superfund site.
occidental accrues reserves for currently outstanding lawsuits, claims and proceedings when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the liability can be reasonably estimated. occidental has disclosed its reserve balances for environmental matters. reserve balances for other matters as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 were not material to occidental's consolidated balance sheets. occidental also evaluates the amount of reasonably possible losses that it could incur as a result of the matters mentioned above. occidental has disclosed its range of reasonably possible additional losses for sites where it is a participant in environmental remediation. occidental believes that other reasonably possible losses that it could incur in excess of reserves accrued on the balance sheet would not be material to its consolidated financial position or results of operations. environmental matters are further discussed under the caption "environmental liabilities and expenditures" below.
during the course of its operations, occidental is subject to audit by tax authorities for varying periods in various federal, state, local and foreign tax jurisdictions. although taxable years through 2009 for united states federal income tax purposes have been audited by the united states internal revenue service (irs) pursuant to its compliance assurance program, subsequent taxable years are currently under review. additionally, in december 2012, occidental filed united states federal refund claims for tax years 2008 and 2009 which are subject to irs review. taxable years from 2000 through the current year remain subject to examination by foreign and state government tax authorities in certain jurisdictions. in certain of these jurisdictions, tax authorities are in various stages of auditing occidental's income taxes. during the course of tax audits, disputes have arisen and other disputes may arise as to facts and matters of law. occidental believes that the resolution of outstanding tax matters would not have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position or results of operations.
opc, its subsidiaries, or both, have indemnified various parties against specified liabilities those parties might incur in the future in connection with purchases and other transactions that they have entered into with occidental. these indemnities usually are contingent upon the other party incurring liabilities that reach specified thresholds. as of december 31, 2015, occidental is not aware of circumstances that it believes would reasonably be expected to lead to indemnity claims that would result in payments materially in excess of reserves.
environmental liabilities and expenditures occidental's operations are subject to stringent federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations related to improving or maintaining environmental quality. occidental's environmental compliance costs have generally increased over time and are expected to rise in the future. occidental factors environmental expenditures for its operations into its business planning process as an integral part of producing quality products responsive to market demand.
environmental remediation the laws that require or address environmental remediation, including cercla and similar federal, state, local and foreign laws, may apply retroactively and, regardless of fault, the legality of the original activities or the current ownership or control of sites. opc or certain of its subsidiaries participate in or actively monitor a range of remedial activities and government or private proceedings
30
under these laws with respect to alleged past practices at operating, closed and third-party sites. remedial activities may include one or more of the following: investigation involving sampling, modeling, risk assessment or monitoring; cleanup measures including removal, treatment or disposal; or operation and maintenance of remedial systems. the environmental proceedings seek funding or performance of remediation and, in some cases, compensation for alleged property damage, punitive damages, civil penalties, injunctive relief and government oversight costs.
as of december 31, 2015, occidental participated in or monitored remedial activities or proceedings at 149 sites. the following table presents occidental's environmental remediation reserves as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, grouped as environmental remediation sites listed or proposed for listing by the u.s. environmental protection agency on the cercla national priorities list (npl sites) and three categories of non-npl sites - third-party sites, occidental-operated sites and closed or non-operated occidental sites.
($ amounts in millions)                                                       2015                                       2014                                       2013
# ofsites           reservebalance         # ofsites           reservebalance         # ofsites           reservebalance npl sites                                       34                      $27                30                      $23                31                      $25
third-party sites                               66                      128                67                      101                74                       83
occidental-operated sites                       18                      107                17                      107                20                      118
closed or non-operated occidental sites         31                      124                31                      103                32                      104
total                                          149                     $386               145                     $334               157                     $330
as of december 31, 2015, occidental's environmental reserves exceeded $10 million each at 13 of the 149 sites described above, and 101 of the sites had reserves from $0 to $1 million each.
as of december 31, 2015, two sites - a landfill in western new york owned by occidental and a remediation site in texas - accounted for 62 percent of its reserves associated with npl sites. in connection with the 1986 acquisition of dscc stock, maxus energy corporation has retained the liability and is indemnifying occidental for 14 of the remaining npl sites.
as of december 31, 2015, maxus has also retained the liability and is indemnifying occidental for 8 of the 66 third-party sites. four of the remaining 58 third-party sites - a former copper mining and smelting operation in tennessee, an active plant outside of the united states and an active refinery in louisiana where occidental reimburses the current owner for certain remediation activities - accounted for 50 percent of occidental's reserves associated with these sites.
four sites - chemical plants in kansas, louisiana, texas and new york - accounted for 59 percent of the reserves associated with the occidental-operated sites.
five other sites - a landfill in western new york, former chemical plants in tennessee, delaware and washington and a closed coal mine in pennsylvania - accounted for 70 percent of the reserves associated with closed or non-operated occidental sites.
environmental reserves vary over time depending on factors such as acquisitions or dispositions, identification of additional sites and remedy selection and implementation. the following table presents environmental reserve activity for the past three years:
(in millions)                                            2015              2014              2013
balance - beginning of year                          $334              $330              $344
remediation expenses and interest accretion           117                79                60
spin-off of california resources                        -                (7   )             -
payments                                              (65   )           (68   )           (74   )
balance - end of year                                $386              $334              $330
based on current estimates, occidental expects to expend funds corresponding to approximately half of the current environmental reserves at the sites described above over the next three to four years and the balance at these sites over the subsequent 10 or more years. occidental believes its range of reasonably possible additional losses beyond those liabilities recorded for environmental remediation at these sites could be up to $370 million. see "critical accounting policies and estimates - environmental liabilities and expenditures" for additional information.
environmental costs occidental's environmental costs, some of which include estimates, are presented below for each segment for each of the years ended december 31:
(in millions)                        2015              2014              2013
operating expenses oil and gas                       $93              $103              $100
chemical                           74                80                75
midstream and marketing            13                11                13
$180              $194              $188
capital expenditures oil and gas                      $122              $143               $67
chemical                           41                35                14
midstream and marketing             4                11                 5
$167              $189               $86
remediation expenses corporate                        $117               $79               $60
operating expenses are incurred on a continual basis. capital expenditures relate to longer-lived improvements in properties currently operated by occidental. remediation expenses relate to existing conditions from past operations.
occidental presently estimates capital expenditures for environmental compliance of approximately $116 million for 2016.
31
foreign investments many of occidental's assets are located outside north america. at december 31, 2015, the carrying value of occidental's assets in countries outside north america aggregated approximately $9.8 billion or 23 percent of occidental's total assets at that date. of such assets, approximately $8.3 billion are located in middle east/north africa and approximately $1.3 billion are located in latin america. for the year ended december 31, 2015, net sales outside north america totaled $4.9 billion, or approximately 40 percent of total net sales.
critical accounting policies and estimates the process of preparing financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles requires occidental's management to make informed estimates and judgments regarding certain items and transactions. changes in facts and circumstances or discovery of new information may result in revised estimates and judgments, and actual results may differ from these estimates upon settlement but generally not by material amounts. there has been no material change to occidental's critical accounting policies over the past three years. the selection and development of these policies and estimates have been discussed with the audit committee of the board of directors. occidental considers the following to be its most critical accounting policies and estimates that involve management's judgment.
oil and gas properties the carrying value of occidental's pp&e represents the cost incurred to acquire or develop the asset, including any asset retirement obligations and capitalized interest, net of accumulated depreciation, depletion, and amortization (dd&a) and any impairment charges. for assets acquired, pp&e cost is based on fair values at the acquisition date. asset retirement obligations and interest costs incurred in connection with qualifying capital expenditures are capitalized and amortized over the lives of the related assets.
occidental uses the successful efforts method to account for its oil and gas properties. under this method, occidental capitalizes costs of acquiring properties, costs of drilling successful exploration wells and development costs. the costs of exploratory wells are initially capitalized pending a determination of whether proved reserves have been found. if proved reserves have been found, the costs of exploratory wells remain capitalized. otherwise, occidental charges the costs of the related wells to expense. in some cases, a determination of proved reserves cannot be made at the completion of drilling, requiring additional testing and evaluation of the wells. occidental generally expenses the costs of such exploratory wells if a determination of proved reserves has not been made within a 12-month period after drilling is complete.
occidental expenses annual lease rentals, the costs of injectants used in production and geological, geophysical and seismic costs as incurred.
occidental determines depreciation and depletion of oil and gas producing properties by the unit-of-production method. it amortizes acquisition costs over total proved reserves and capitalized development and successful exploration costs over proved developed reserves.
proved oil and gas reserves are those quantities of oil and gas which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible-from a given date forward, from known reservoirs, and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulations-prior to the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain, regardless of whether deterministic or probabilistic methods are used for the estimation. occidental has no proved oil and gas reserves for which the determination of economic producibility is subject to the completion of major additional capital expenditures.
several factors could change occidental's proved oil and gas reserves. for example, occidental receives a share of production from pscs to recover its costs and generally an additional share for profit. occidental's share of production and reserves from these contracts decreases when product prices rise and increases when prices decline. overall, occidental's net economic benefit from these contracts is greater at higher product prices. in other cases, particularly with long-lived properties, lower product prices may lead to a situation where production of a portion of proved reserves becomes uneconomical. for such properties, higher product prices typically result in additional reserves becoming economical. estimation of future production and development costs is also subject to change partially due to factors beyond occidental's control, such as energy costs and inflation or deflation of oil field service costs. these factors, in turn, could lead to changes in the quantity of proved reserves. additional factors that could result in a change of proved reserves include production decline rates and operating performance differing from those estimated when the proved reserves were initially recorded. in 2015, negative revisions of previous estimates of 315 million boe were primarily price and price-related associated with domestic assets.
additionally, occidental performs impairment tests with respect to its proved properties whenever events or circumstances indicate that the carrying value of property may not be recoverable. if there is an indication the carrying amount of the asset may not be recovered due to declines in current and forward prices, significant changes in reserve estimates, changes in management's plans, or other significant events, management will evaluate the property for impairment. under the successful efforts method, if the sum of the undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the proved property, the carrying value is reduced to estimated fair value and reported as an impairment charge in the period. individual proved properties are grouped for impairment purposes at the lowest level for which there are identifiable cash flows, which is generally on a field by field basis. the fair value of impaired assets is typically determined based on the present value of expected future cash flows using discount rates believed to be consistent with those used by market participants. the impairment test incorporates a number of assumptions involving expectations of future cash flows which can change significantly over time. these assumptions include estimates of future product prices, contractual prices,
32
estimates of risk-adjusted oil and gas reserves and estimates of future operating and development costs. it is reasonably possible that prolonged low or further declines in commodity prices, reduced capital spending in response to lower prices or increases in operating costs could result in other additional impairments.
the most significant ongoing financial statement effect from a change in occidental's oil and gas reserves or impairment of its proved properties would be to the dd&a rate. for example, a 5 percent increase or decrease in the amount of oil and gas reserves would change the dd&a rate by approximately $0.65 per barrel, which would increase or decrease pre-tax income by approximately $155 million annually at current production rates. the change in the dd&a rate over the past three years due to revisions of previous proved reserve estimates has been immaterial.
a portion of the carrying value of occidental's oil and gas properties is attributable to unproved properties. net capitalized costs attributable to unproved properties were $0.3 billion and $2.0 billion at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the unproved amounts are not subject to dd&a until they are classified as proved properties. capitalized costs attributable to the properties become subject to dd&a when proved reserves are assigned to the property. if the exploration efforts are unsuccessful, or management decides not to pursue development of these properties as a result of lower commodity prices, higher development and operating costs, contractual conditions or other factors, the capitalized costs of the related properties would be expensed. the timing of any writedowns of these unproved properties, if warranted, depends upon management's plans, the nature, timing and extent of future exploration and development activities and their results. occidental believes its current plans and exploration and development efforts will allow it to realize its unproved property balance.
chemical assets occidental's chemical assets are depreciated using either the unit-of-production or the straight-line method, based upon the estimated useful lives of the facilities. the estimated useful lives of occidental's chemical assets, which range from three years to 50 years, are also used for impairment tests. the estimated useful lives for the chemical facilities are based on the assumption that occidental will provide an appropriate level of annual expenditures to ensure productive capacity is sustained. such expenditures consist of ongoing routine repairs and maintenance, as well as planned major maintenance activities (pmma). ongoing routine repairs and maintenance expenditures are expensed as incurred. pmma costs are capitalized and amortized over the period until the next planned overhaul. additionally, occidental incurs capital expenditures that extend the remaining useful lives of existing assets, increase their capacity or operating efficiency beyond the original specification or add value through modification for a different use. these capital expenditures are not considered in the initial determination of the useful lives of these assets at the time they are placed into service. the resulting revision, if any, of the asset's estimated useful life is measured and accounted for prospectively.
without these continued expenditures, the useful lives of these assets could decrease significantly. other factors that could change the estimated useful lives of occidental's chemical assets include sustained higher or lower product prices, which are particularly affected by both domestic and foreign competition, demand, feedstock costs, energy prices, environmental regulations and technological changes.
occidental performs impairment tests on its chemical assets whenever events or changes in circumstances lead to a reduction in the estimated useful lives or estimated future cash flows that would indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable, or when management's plans change with respect to those assets. any impairment loss would be calculated as the excess of the asset's net book value over its estimated fair value.
occidental's net pp&e for the chemical segment is approximately $2.4 billion and its depreciation expense for 2016 is expected to be approximately $300 million. the most significant financial statement impact of a decrease in the estimated useful lives of occidental's chemical plants would be on depreciation expense. for example, a reduction in the remaining useful lives of one year would increase depreciation and reduce pre-tax earnings by approximately $50 million per year.
midstream, marketing and other assets derivatives are carried at fair value and on a net basis when a legal right of offset exists with the same counterparty. occidental applies hedge accounting when transactions meet specified criteria for cash-flow hedge treatment and management elects and documents such treatment. otherwise, any fair value gains or losses are recognized in earnings in the current period. for cash-flow hedges, the gain or loss on the effective portion of the derivative is reported as a component of other comprehensive income (oci) with an offsetting adjustment to the basis of the item being hedged. realized gains or losses from cash-flow hedges, and any ineffective portion, are recorded as a component of net sales in the consolidated statements of operations. ineffectiveness is primarily created by a lack of correlation between the hedged item and the hedging instrument due to location, quality, grade or changes in the expected quantity of the hedged item. gains and losses from derivative instruments are reported net in the consolidated statements of operations. there were no fair value hedges as of and during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.
a hedge is regarded as highly effective such that it qualifies for hedge accounting if, at inception and throughout its life, it is expected that changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item will be offset by 80 to 125 percent of the changes in the fair value or cash flows, respectively, of the hedging instrument. in the case of hedging a forecast transaction, the transaction must be probable and must present an exposure to variations in cash flows that could ultimately affect reported net income or loss. occidental discontinues hedge accounting when it determines that a derivative has ceased to be highly
33
effective as a hedge; when the hedged item matures or is sold or repaid; or when a forecast transaction is no longer deemed probable.
occidental's midstream and marketing pp&e is depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the assets, using either the unit-of-production or straight-line method. occidental performs impairment tests on its midstream and marketing assets whenever events or changes in circumstances lead to a reduction in the estimated useful lives or estimated future cash flows that would indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable, or when management's plans change with respect to those assets. any impairment loss would be calculated as the excess of the asset's net book value over its estimated fair value.
fair value measurements occidental has categorized its assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in a three-level fair value hierarchy, based on the inputs to the valuation techniques: level 1 - using quoted prices in active markets for the assets or liabilities; level 2 - using observable inputs other than quoted prices for the assets or liabilities; and level 3 - using unobservable inputs.  transfers between levels, if any, are recognized at the end of each reporting period.
fair values - recurring occidental primarily applies the market approach for recurring fair value measurements, maximizes its use of observable inputs and minimizes its use of unobservable inputs. occidental utilizes the mid-point between bid and ask prices for valuing the majority of its assets and liabilities measured and reported at fair value. in addition to using market data, occidental makes assumptions in valuing its assets and liabilities, including assumptions about the risks inherent in the inputs to the valuation technique. for assets and liabilities carried at fair value, occidental measures fair value using the following methods:
ø   occidental values exchange-cleared commodity derivatives using closing prices provided by the exchange as of the balance sheet date. these derivatives are classified as level 1.
ø over-the-counter (otc) bilateral financial commodity contracts, foreign exchange contracts, options and physical commodity forward purchase and sale contracts are generally classified as level 2 and are generally valued using quotations provided by brokers or industry-standard models that consider various inputs, including quoted forward prices for commodities, time value, volatility factors, credit risk and current market and contractual prices for the underlying instruments, as well as other relevant economic measures. substantially all of these inputs are observable in the marketplace throughout the full term of the instrument, and can be derived from observable data or are supported by observable prices at which transactions are executed in the marketplace.
ø   occidental values commodity derivatives based on a market approach that considers various assumptions, including quoted forward commodity prices and market yield curves. the assumptions used include inputs that are generally unobservable in the marketplace or are observable but have been adjusted based upon various assumptions and the fair value is designated as level 3 within the valuation hierarchy.
occidental generally uses an income approach to measure fair value when there is not a market-observable price for an identical or similar asset or liability.  this approach utilizes management's judgments regarding expectations of projected cash flows, and discounts those cash flows using a risk-adjusted discount rate.
environmental liabilities and expenditures environmental expenditures that relate to current operations are expensed or capitalized as appropriate. occidental records environmental reserves and related charges and expenses for estimated remediation costs that relate to existing conditions from past operations when environmental remediation efforts are probable and the costs can be reasonably estimated. in determining the reserves and the range of reasonably possible additional losses, occidental refers to currently available information, including relevant past experience, remedial objectives, available technologies, applicable laws and regulations and cost-sharing arrangements. occidental bases environmental reserves on management's estimate of the most likely cost to be incurred, using the most cost-effective technology reasonably expected to achieve the remedial objective. occidental periodically reviews reserves and adjusts them as new information becomes available. occidental records environmental reserves on a discounted basis when it deems the aggregate amount and timing of cash payments to be reliably determinable at the time the reserves are established. the reserve methodology with respect to discounting for a specific site is not modified once it is established. the amount of discounted environmental reserves is insignificant. occidental generally records reimbursements or recoveries of environmental remediation costs in income when received, or when receipt of recovery is highly probable. occidental had accruals to income for highly probable reimbursements or recoveries of $13 million in 2015 and no accruals in 2014 and 2013.
many factors could affect occidental's future remediation costs and result in adjustments to its environmental reserves and range of reasonably possible additional losses. the most significant are: (1) cost estimates for remedial activities may be inaccurate; (2) the length of time, type or amount of remediation necessary to achieve the remedial objective may change due to factors such as site conditions, the ability to identify and control contaminant sources or the discovery of additional contamination; (3) a regulatory agency may ultimately reject or modify occidental's proposed remedial plan; (4) improved or alternative remediation technologies may change remediation costs; (5) laws and regulations may change remediation requirements or affect cost sharing or allocation of liability; and (6) changes in allocation or cost-sharing arrangements may occur.
certain sites involve multiple parties with various cost-sharing arrangements, which fall into the following three categories: (1) environmental proceedings that result in a
34
negotiated or prescribed allocation of remediation costs among occidental and other alleged potentially responsible parties; (2) oil and gas ventures in which each participant pays its proportionate share of remediation costs reflecting its working interest; or (3) contractual arrangements, typically relating to purchases and sales of properties, in which the parties to the transaction agree to methods of allocating remediation costs. in these circumstances, occidental evaluates the financial viability of other parties with whom it is alleged to be jointly liable, the degree of their commitment to participate and the consequences to occidental of their failure to participate when estimating occidental's ultimate share of liability. occidental records reserves at its expected net cost of remedial activities and, based on these factors, believes that it will not be required to assume a share of liability of such other potentially responsible parties in an amount materially above amounts reserved.
in addition to the costs of investigations and cleanup measures, which often take in excess of 10 years at npl sites, occidental's reserves include management's estimates of the costs to operate and maintain remedial systems. if remedial systems are modified over time in response to significant changes in site-specific data, laws, regulations, technologies or engineering estimates, occidental reviews and adjusts its reserves accordingly.
if occidental were to adjust the environmental reserve balance based on the factors described above, the amount of the increase or decrease would be recognized in earnings. for example, if the reserve balance were reduced by 10 percent, occidental would record a pre-tax gain of $39 million. if the reserve balance were increased by 10 percent, occidental would record an additional remediation expense of $39 million.
other loss contingencies occidental is involved, in the normal course of business, in lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings and audits. occidental accrues reserves for these matters when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the liability can be reasonably estimated. in addition, occidental discloses, in aggregate, its exposure to loss in excess of the amount recorded on the balance sheet for these matters if it is reasonably possible that an additional material loss may be incurred. occidental reviews its loss contingencies on an ongoing basis.
loss contingencies are based on judgments made by management with respect to the likely outcome of these matters and are adjusted as appropriate. management's judgments could change based on new information, changes in, or interpretations of, laws or regulations, changes in management's plans or intentions, opinions regarding the outcome of legal proceedings, or other factors. see "lawsuits, claims and contingencies" for additional information.
significant accounting and disclosure changes see note 3, accounting and disclosure changes, in the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements in part ii item 8 of this form 10-k.
safe harbor discussion regarding outlook and other forward-looking data portions of this report, including items 1 and 2, "business and properties," item 3, "legal proceedings," item 7 "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations," and item 7a, "quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk," contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27a of the securities act of 1933 and section 21e of the securities exchange act of 1934 and involve risks and uncertainties that could materially affect expected results of operations, liquidity, cash flows and business prospects. words such as "estimate," "project," "predict," "will," "would," "should," "could," "may," "might," "anticipate," "plan," "intend," "believe," "expect," "aim," "goal," "target," "objective," "likely" or similar expressions that convey the prospective nature of events or outcomes generally indicate forward-looking statements. you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. unless legally required, occidental does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. factors that may cause occidental's results of operations and financial position to differ from expectations include the factors discussed in item 1a, "risk factors" and elsewhere.
35
