item 1a.  risk factors in addition to the factors affecting specific business operations identified in the description of these operations contained elsewhere in this report, set forth below are risks and uncertainties that could affect our financial results.  unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, the following risks and uncertainties apply to pinnacle west and its subsidiaries, including aps.
regulatory risks our financial condition depends upon aps's ability to recover costs in a timely manner from customers through regulated rates and otherwise execute its business strategy.
aps is subject to comprehensive regulation by several federal, state and local regulatory agencies that significantly influence its business, liquidity, results of operations and its ability to fully recover costs from utility customers in a timely manner.  the acc regulates aps's retail electric rates and ferc regulates rates for wholesale power sales and transmission services.  the profitability of aps is affected by the rates it may charge and the timeliness of recovering costs incurred through its rates.  consequently, our financial condition and results of operations are dependent upon the satisfactory resolution of any aps rate proceedings and ancillary matters which may come before the acc and ferc, including in some cases how court challenges to these regulatory decisions are resolved. arizona, like certain other states, has a statute that allows the acc to reopen prior decisions and modify otherwise final orders under certain circumstances.
aps is currently pursuing certain activities, such as microgrid investments and construction of renewable facilities intended for specific customers. to date, aps has not received regulatory assurance of cost recovery for such investments. as aps engages in these activities, we will have to demonstrate to regulators that these investments are both prudent and useful in providing electric service to customers.
the acc must also approve aps's issuance of securities and any significant transfer or encumbrance of aps property used to provide retail electric service, and must approve or receive prior notification of certain transactions between us, aps and our respective affiliates.  decisions made by the acc or ferc could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
27
in a recent appellate challenge to an acc rate decision regarding a water company (referred to in note 3 as "sib"), the arizona court of appeals considered the question of how the acc should determine the "fair value" of a utility's property, as specified in the arizona constitution, in connection with authorizing the recovery of costs through rate adjustors or surcharges outside of a rate case.  the court of appeals reversed the acc's method of finding fair value in that case, and raised questions concerning the relationship between fair value findings and the recovery of capital and certain other utility costs through adjustors. the acc sought review by the arizona supreme court of this decision and aps filed a brief supporting the acc's petition to the arizona supreme court for review of the court of appeals' decision. on february 9, 2016, the arizona supreme court granted review of the decision and oral argument is set for march 22, 2016.   if the decision is upheld by the supreme court without modification, certain aps rate adjustors may require modification. this could in turn have an impact on aps's ability to recover certain costs in between rate cases. aps cannot predict the outcome of this matter.
aps's ability to conduct its business operations and avoid fines and penalties depends upon compliance with federal, state or local statutes, regulations and acc requirements, and obtaining and maintaining certain regulatory permits, approvals and certificates.
aps must comply in good faith with all applicable statutes, regulations, rules, tariffs, and orders of agencies that regulate aps's business, including ferc, nrc, epa, the acc, and state and local governmental agencies.  these agencies regulate many aspects of aps's utility operations, including safety and performance, emissions, siting and construction of facilities, customer service and the rates that aps can charge retail and wholesale customers.  failure to comply can subject aps to, among other things, fines and penalties.  for example, under the energy policy act of 2005, ferc can impose penalties (up to one million dollars per day per violation) for failure to comply with mandatory electric reliability standards.  aps is also required to have numerous permits, approvals and certificates from these agencies.  aps believes the necessary permits, approvals and certificates have been obtained for its existing operations and that aps's business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws in all material respects.  however, changes in regulations or the imposition of new or revised laws or regulations could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.  we are also unable to predict the impact on our business and operating results from pending or future regulatory activities of any of these agencies.
on january 28, 2016, an acc commissioner, robert l. burns, sent aps a notice of investigation pursuant to an arizona statute that authorizes a commissioner and his agents to inspect the accounts, books, papers and documents of any public service corporation, and examine under oath any officer, agent or employee of such corporation in relation to the business and affairs of the corporation. the notice states that commissioner burns intends to investigate whether aps has used funds recoverable from ratepayers for political contributions, lobbying, or charitable donations purposes; whether aps's corporate affiliates have made contributions or donations under aps' brand name; and the degree to which aps and pinnacle west are "intertwined" in terms of organization, management and operations. aps intends to cooperate with this investigation to the full extent that the matter is lawfully authorized, but cannot predict its timing or outcome.
the operation of aps's nuclear power plant exposes it to substantial regulatory oversight and potentially significant liabilities and capital expenditures.
the nrc has broad authority under federal law to impose safety-related, security-related and other licensing requirements for the operation of nuclear generation facilities.  events at nuclear facilities of other operators or impacting the industry generally may lead the nrc to impose additional requirements and regulations on all nuclear generation facilities, including palo verde.  as a result of the march 2011 earthquake and tsunamis that caused significant damage to the fukushima daiichi nuclear power plant in japan, various industry organizations analyzed information from the japan incident and develop action plans for u.s. nuclear power plants.  additionally, the nrc performed its own independent review of the events at fukushima daiichi, including a review of the agency's processes and regulations in order to determine whether the agency
28
should promulgate additional regulations and possibly make more fundamental changes to the nrc's system of regulation.  as a result of the fukushima event, the nrc has directed nuclear power plants to implement the first tier recommendations of the nrc's near term task force.  in response to these recommendations, palo verde expects to spend approximately $0.5 million for capital enhancements to the plant over the next year in addition to the approximate $125 million that has already been spent on capital enhancements as of december 31, 2015 (aps's share is 29.1%). we cannot predict whether these amounts will increase or whether additional financial and/or operational requirements on palo verde and aps may be imposed.
in the event of noncompliance with its requirements, the nrc has the authority to impose a progressively increased inspection regime that could ultimately result in the shut-down of a unit or civil penalties, or both, depending upon the nrc's assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.  the increased costs resulting from penalties, a heightened level of scrutiny and implementation of plans to achieve compliance with nrc requirements may adversely affect aps's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
aps is subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations, and changes in, or liabilities under, existing or new laws or regulations may increase aps's cost of operations or impact its business plans.
aps is, or may become, subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations affecting many aspects of its present and future operations, including air emissions, water quality, discharges of wastewater and streams originating from fly ash and bottom ash handling facilities, solid waste, hazardous waste, and coal combustion products, which consist of bottom ash, fly ash, and air pollution control wastes.  these laws and regulations can result in increased capital, operating, and other costs, particularly with regard to enforcement efforts focused on power plant emissions obligations.  these laws and regulations generally require aps to obtain and comply with a wide variety of environmental licenses, permits, and other approvals.  if there is a delay or failure to obtain any required environmental regulatory approval, or if aps fails to obtain, maintain, or comply with any such approval, operations at affected facilities could be suspended or subject to additional expenses.  in addition, failure to comply with applicable environmental laws and regulations could result in civil liability as a result of government enforcement actions or private claims or criminal penalties.  both public officials and private individuals may seek to enforce applicable environmental laws and regulations.  aps cannot predict the outcome (financial or operational) of any related litigation that may arise.
environmental clean up.  aps has been named as a prp for a superfund site in phoenix, arizona, and it could be named a prp in the future for other environmental clean-up at sites identified by a regulatory body. aps cannot predict with certainty the amount and timing of all future expenditures related to environmental matters because of the difficulty of estimating clean-up costs.  there is also uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all prps.
regional haze.  aps has received final rulemakings imposing new requirements on four corners, cholla and the navajo plant.  pursuant to these rules, epa and adeq will require these plants to install pollution control equipment that constitutes bart to lessen the impacts of emissions on visibility surrounding the plants.  the financial impact of installing and operating the required pollution control equipment could jeopardize the economic viability of these plants or the ability of individual participants to continue their participation in these plants.
coal ash.  in december 2014, epa issued final regulations governing the handling and disposal of ccr, which are generated as a result of burning coal and consist of, among other things, fly ash and bottom ash. the rule regulates ccr as a non-hazardous waste. aps currently disposes of ccr in ash ponds and dry storage areas at cholla and four corners and in a dry landfill storage area at the navajo plant. to the extent the rule requires the closure or modification of these ccr units or the construction of new ccr units beyond what we currently anticipate, aps would incur significant additional costs for ccr disposal.
29
ozone national ambient air quality standards.  in 2015, epa finalized revisions to the national ambient air quality standards for nitrogen oxides, which set new, more stringent standards intended to protect human health and human welfare. depending on the stringency of the final standards and the implementation requirements, aps may be required to invest in new pollution control technologies and to generate emission offsets for new projects or facility expansions located in ozone nonattainment areas.
aps cannot assure that existing environmental regulations will not be revised or that new regulations seeking to protect the environment will not be adopted or become applicable to it.  revised or additional regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, particularly if those costs incurred by aps are not fully recoverable from aps's customers, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.  due to current or potential future regulations or legislation coupled with trends in natural gas and coal prices, the economics of continuing to own certain resources, particularly coal facilities, may deteriorate, warranting early retirement of those plants, which may result in asset impairments.  aps would seek recovery in rates for the book value of any remaining investments in the plants as well as other costs related to early retirement, but cannot predict whether it would obtain such recovery.
aps faces physical and operational risks related to climate effects, and potential financial risks resulting from climate change litigation and legislative and regulatory efforts to limit ghg emissions.
concern over climate change has led to significant legislative and regulatory efforts to limit co2, which is a major byproduct of the combustion of fossil fuel, and other ghg emissions.
financial risks - greenhouse gas regulation and the clean power plan. in 2015, epa finalized a rule to limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants. the implementation of this rule within the jurisdictions where aps operates could result in a shift in in-state generation from coal to natural gas and renewable generation. such a substantial change in aps's generation portfolio could require additional capital investments and increased operating costs, and thus have a significant financial impact on the company. see note 10 for additional risks and uncertainties resulting from the clean power plan.
physical and operational risks. weather extremes such as drought and high temperature variations are common occurrences in the southwest's desert area, and these are risks that aps considers in the normal course of business in the engineering and construction of its electric system. large increases in ambient temperatures could require evaluation of certain materials used within its system and represent a greater challenge.
deregulation or restructuring of the electric industry may result in increased competition, which could have a significant adverse impact on aps's business and its results of operations.
in 1999, the acc approved rules for the introduction of retail electric competition in arizona.  retail competition could have a significant adverse financial impact on aps due to an impairment of assets, a loss of retail customers, lower profit margins or increased costs of capital.  although some very limited retail competition existed in aps's service area in 1999 and 2000, there are currently no active retail competitors offering unbundled energy or other utility services to aps's customers.  on may 9, 2013, the acc voted to re-examine the facilitation of a deregulated retail electric market in arizona.  the acc subsequently opened a docket for this matter and received comments from a number of interested parties on the considerations involved in establishing retail electric deregulation in the state.  one of these considerations is whether various aspects of a deregulated market, including setting utility rates on a "market" basis, would be consistent with the requirements of the arizona constitution.  on september 11, 2013, after receiving legal advice from the acc staff, the acc voted 4-1 to close the current docket and await full arizona constitutional authority
30
before any further examination of this matter.  the motion approved by the acc also included opening one or more new dockets in the future to explore options to offer more rate choices to customers and innovative changes within the existing cost-of-service regulatory model that could include elements of competition.
one of these options would be a continuation or expansion of aps's existing ag (alternative generation) - 1 program, which essentially allows up to 200 mw of cumulative load to be served via a buy-through arrangement with competitive suppliers of generation.  on november 25, 2015, the acc issued an order approving a request by several ag-1 customers and suppliers to extend the term of the program from july 1, 2016 to the conclusion of aps's next general rate case. the order also authorized aps to defer for future recovery unmitigated unrecovered costs attributable to the program at 90% of the first $10 million per year and at 100% of amounts above $10 million per year.
in 2010, the acc issued a decision holding that solar vendors that install and operate solar facilities for non-profit schools and governments pursuant to a specific type of contract that calculates payments based on the energy produced are not "public service corporations" under the arizona constitution, and are therefore not regulated by the acc.  the use of such products by customers within our territory results in some level of competition.  aps cannot predict when, and the extent to which, additional service providers will enter aps's service territory, increasing the level of competition in the market.
proposals to enable or support retail electric competition are made from time to time in legislative or other forums in arizona. we cannot predict future regulatory or legislative action that might result in increased competition.
operational risks aps's results of operations can be adversely affected by various factors impacting demand for electricity.
weather conditions.  weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and affect the price of energy commodities.  electric power demand is generally a seasonal business.  in arizona, demand for power peaks during the hot summer months, with market prices also peaking at that time.  as a result, aps's overall operating results fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis.  in addition, aps has historically sold less power, and consequently earned less income, when weather conditions are milder.  as a result, unusually mild weather could diminish aps's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
higher temperatures may decrease the snowpack, which might result in lowered soil moisture and an increased threat of forest fires.  forest fires could threaten aps's communities and electric transmission lines and facilities.  any damage caused as a result of forest fires could negatively impact aps's financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
effects of energy conservation measures and distributed energy.  the acc has enacted rules regarding energy efficiency that mandate a 22% annual energy savings requirement by 2020.  this will likely increase participation by aps customers in energy efficiency and conservation programs and other demand-side management efforts, which in turn will impact the demand for electricity.  the rules also include a requirement for the acc to review and address financial disincentives, recovery of fixed costs and the recovery of net lost income/revenue that would result from lower sales due to increased energy efficiency requirements.  to that end, the settlement agreement in aps's most recent retail rate case (the "2012 settlement agreement") includes a mechanism, the lfcr, to address these matters.
aps must also meet certain distributed energy requirements.  a portion of aps's total renewable energy requirement must be met with an increasing percentage of distributed energy resources (generally, small
31
scale renewable technologies located on customers' properties).  the distributed energy requirement was 25% of the overall res requirement of 3% in 2011 and increased to 30% of the applicable res requirement for 2012 and subsequent years.  customer participation in distributed energy programs would result in lower demand, since customers would be meeting some or all of their own energy needs.  reduced demand due to these energy efficiency and distributed energy requirements, unless substantially offset through ratemaking mechanisms, could have a material adverse impact on aps's financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
customer and sales growth.  for the three years 2013 through 2015, aps's retail customer growth averaged 1.3% per year.  we currently expect annual customer growth to average in the range of 2.0-3.0% for 2016 through 2018 based on our assessment of modestly improving economic conditions in arizona.  for the three years 2013 through 2015 aps experienced annual increases in retail electricity sales averaging 0.1%, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations.  we currently estimate that annual retail electricity sales in kwh will increase on average in the range of 0.5-1.5% during 2016 through 2018, including the effects of customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives, but excluding the effects of weather variations.  actual customer and sales growth may differ from our projections as a result of numerous factors, such as economic conditions, customer growth, usage patterns and energy conservation, impacts of energy efficiency programs and growth in distributed generation, and responses to retail price changes. additionally, recovery of a substantial portion of our fixed costs of providing service is based upon the volumetric amount of our sales.  if our customer growth rate does not continue to improve as projected, or if it declines, or if the arizona economy fails to improve, we may be unable to reach our estimated demand level and sales projections, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
the operation of power generation facilities and transmission systems involves risks that could result in reduced output or unscheduled outages, which could materially affect aps's results of operations.
the operation of power generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves certain risks, including the risk of breakdown or failure of equipment, fuel interruption, and performance below expected levels of output or efficiency.  unscheduled outages, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other complications, occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of aps's business.  because our transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of our facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the larger transmission power grid, and the operation or failure of our facilities could adversely affect the operations of others.  if aps's facilities operate below expectations, especially during its peak seasons, it may lose revenue or incur additional expenses, including increased purchased power expenses.  concerns over physical security of these assets is also increasing, which may require us to incur additional capital and operating costs to address. damage to certain of our facilities due to vandalism or other deliberate acts could lead to outages or other adverse effects.
the inability to successfully develop or acquire generation resources to meet reliability requirements, new or evolving standards or regulations could adversely impact our business.
potential changes in regulatory standards, impacts of new and existing laws and regulations, including environmental laws and regulations, and the need to obtain certain regulatory approvals create uncertainty surrounding our generation portfolio.  the current abundance of low, stably priced natural gas, together with environmental and other concerns surrounding coal-fired generation resources, create strategic questions related to the appropriate generation portfolio and fuel diversification mix.  in addition, aps is required by the acc to meet certain energy resource portfolio requirements such as the ees and the res.  the development of any generation facility is subject to many risks, including risks related to financing, siting, permitting, technology, the construction of sufficient transmission capacity to support these facilities and stresses to generation and transmission resources from intermittent generation characteristics of renewable resources.
32
aps's inability to adequately develop or acquire the necessary generation resources could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
the lack of access to sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on aps's business and results of operations.
assured supplies of water are important for aps's generating plants.  water in the southwestern united states is limited, and various parties have made conflicting claims regarding the right to access and use such limited supply of water.  both groundwater and surface water in areas important to aps's generating plants have been and are the subject of inquiries, claims and legal proceedings.  in addition, the region in which aps's power plants are located is prone to drought conditions, which could potentially affect the plants' water supplies.  aps's inability to access sufficient supplies of water could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
we are subject to cybersecurity risks and risks of unauthorized access to our systems.
in the regular course of our business, we handle a range of sensitive security, customer and business systems information. a security breach of our information systems such as theft or the inappropriate release of certain types of information, including confidential customer, employee, financial or system operating information, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. we operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure.  despite implementation of security measures, our technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures or unauthorized access.  our generation, transmission and distribution facilities, information technology systems and other infrastructure facilities and systems and physical assets could be targets of such unauthorized access.  failures or breaches of our systems could impact the reliability of our generation, transmission and distribution systems and also subject us to financial harm.  if our technology systems were to fail or be breached and if we are unable to recover in a timely way, we may not be able to fulfill critical business functions and sensitive confidential data could be compromised, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
we are subject to laws and rules issued by multiple government agencies concerning safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of our security, customer and business information. one of these agencies, nerc, has issued comprehensive regulations and standards surrounding the security of our operating systems, and is continually in the process of developing updated and additional requirements with which the utility industry must comply. the increasing promulgation of nerc rules and standards will increase our compliance costs and our exposure to the potential risk of violations of the standards.
we have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, these types of threats and attempted intrusions. the implementation of additional security measures could increase costs and have a material adverse impact on our financial results. we have obtained cyber insurance to provide coverage for a portion of the losses and damages that may result from a security breach of our information technology systems, but such insurance may not cover the total loss or damage caused by a breach. these types of events could also require significant management attention and resources, and could adversely affect pinnacle west's and aps's reputation with customers and the public.
33
the ownership and operation of power generation and transmission facilities on indian lands could result in uncertainty related to continued leases, easements and rights-of-way, which could have a significant impact on our business.
certain aps power plants and portions of the transmission lines that carry power from these plants are located on indian lands pursuant to leases, easements or other rights-of-way that are effective for specified periods.  aps is unable to predict the final outcome of pending and future approvals by applicable governing bodies with respect to renewals of these leases, easements and rights-of-way.
there are inherent risks in the ownership and operation of nuclear facilities, such as environmental, health, fuel supply, spent fuel disposal, regulatory and financial risks and the risk of terrorist attack.
aps has an ownership interest in and operates, on behalf of a group of participants, palo verde, which is the largest nuclear electric generating facility in the united states.  palo verde constitutes approximately 19% of our owned and leased generation capacity.  palo verde is subject to environmental, health and financial risks, such as the ability to obtain adequate supplies of nuclear fuel; the ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel; the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning; potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities; the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks; and unscheduled outages due to equipment and other problems.  aps maintains nuclear decommissioning trust funds and external insurance coverage to minimize its financial exposure to some of these risks; however, it is possible that damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage.  in addition, aps may be required under federal law to pay up to $111 million (but not more than $16.6 million per year) of liabilities arising out of a nuclear incident occurring not only at palo verde, but at any other nuclear power plant in the united states. although we have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at palo verde, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.  a major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world could cause the nrc to limit or prohibit the operation or licensing of any domestic nuclear unit and to promulgate new regulations that could require significant capital expenditures and/or increase operating costs.
the use of derivative contracts in the normal course of our business could result in financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.
aps's operations include managing market risks related to commodity prices.  aps is exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the price and transportation costs of electricity, natural gas and coal to the extent that unhedged positions exist.  we have established procedures to manage risks associated with these market fluctuations by utilizing various commodity derivatives, including exchange traded futures and options and over-the-counter forwards, options, and swaps.  as part of our overall risk management program, we enter into derivative transactions to hedge purchases and sales of electricity and fuels.  the changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to price changes in the hedged commodity.  to the extent that commodity markets are illiquid, we may not be able to execute our risk management strategies, which could result in greater unhedged positions than we would prefer at a given time and financial losses that negatively impact our results of operations.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act ("dodd-frank act") contains measures aimed at increasing the transparency and stability of the over-the counter, or otc, derivative markets and preventing excessive speculation. the dodd-frank act could restrict, among other things, trading positions in the energy futures markets, require different collateral or settlement positions, or increase regulatory reporting over derivative positions. based on the provisions included in the dodd-frank act and the implementation of regulations, these changes could, among other things, impact our ability to hedge commodity price and interest rate risk or increase the costs associated with our hedging programs.
34
we are exposed to losses in the event of nonperformance or nonpayment by counterparties.  we use a risk management process to assess and monitor the financial exposure of all counterparties.  despite the fact that the majority of aps's trading counterparties are rated as investment grade by the rating agencies, there is still a possibility that one or more of these companies could default, which could result in a material adverse impact on our earnings for a given period.
changes in technology could create challenges for aps's existing business.
alternative energy technologies that produce power or reduce power consumption or emissions are being developed and commercialized, including renewable technologies such as photovoltaic (solar) cells, customer-sited generation, energy storage (batteries), and efficiency technologies.  advances in technology and equipment/appliance efficiency could reduce the demand for supply from conventional generation, which could adversely affect aps's business.
aps continues to pursue and implement advanced grid technologies, including transmission and distribution system technologies and digital meters enabling two-way communications between the utility and its customers.  many of the products and processes resulting from these and other alternative technologies have not yet been widely used or tested on a long-term basis, and their use on large-scale systems is not as established or mature as aps's existing technologies and equipment.  widespread installation and acceptance of new technologies could enable the entry of new market participants, such as technology companies, into the interface between aps and its customers and could have other unpredictable effects on aps's business.
deployment of renewable energy technologies is expected to continue across the western states and result in a larger portion of the overall energy production coming from these sources. these trends, which have benefited from historical and continuing government subsidies for certain technologies, have the potential to put downward pressure on wholesale power prices throughout the western states which could make aps's existing generating facilities less economical and impact their operational patterns and long-term viability.
we are subject to employee workforce factors that could adversely affect our business and financial condition.
like most companies in the electric utility industry, our workforce is maturing, with approximately 36% of employees eligible to retire by the end of 2018.  although we have undertaken efforts to recruit and train new employees, we face increased competition for talent.  we are subject to other employee workforce factors, such as the availability of qualified personnel, the need to negotiate collective bargaining agreements with union employees and potential work stoppages.  these or other employee workforce factors could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.
financial risks financial market disruptions or new rules or regulations may increase our financing costs or limit our access to various financial markets, which may adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to implement our financial strategy.
pinnacle west and aps rely on access to credit markets as a significant source of liquidity and the capital markets for capital requirements not satisfied by cash flow from our operations.  we believe that we will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets.  however, certain market disruptions or rules or regulations may cause our cost of borrowing to increase generally, and/or otherwise adversely affect our ability to access these financial markets.
35
in addition, the credit commitments of our lenders under our bank facilities may not be satisfied or continued beyond current commitment periods for a variety of reasons, including new rules and regulations, periods of financial distress or liquidity issues affecting our lenders or financial markets, which could materially adversely affect the adequacy of our liquidity sources and the cost of maintaining these sources.
changes in economic conditions, monetary policy, financial regulation or other factors could result in higher interest rates, which would increase interest expense on our existing variable rate debt and new debt we expect to issue in the future, and thus reduce funds available to us for our current plans.
additionally, an increase in our leverage, whether as a result of these factors or otherwise, could adversely affect us by:
•causing a downgrade of our credit ratings;
•increasing the cost of future debt financing and refinancing;
•increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; and
•   requiring us to dedicate an increased portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, which would reduce funds available to us for operations, future investment in our business or other purposes.
a downgrade of our credit ratings could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our current ratings are set forth in "liquidity and capital resources - credit ratings" in item 7.  we cannot be sure that any of our current ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances in the future so warrant.  any downgrade or withdrawal could adversely affect the market price of pinnacle west's and aps's securities, limit our access to capital and increase our borrowing costs, which would diminish our financial results.  we would be required to pay a higher interest rate for future financings, and our potential pool of investors and funding sources could decrease.  in addition, borrowing costs under our existing credit facilities depend on our credit ratings.  a downgrade could also require us to provide additional support in the form of letters of credit or cash or other collateral to various counterparties.  if our short-term ratings were to be lowered, it could severely limit access to the commercial paper market.  we note that the ratings from rating agencies are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities and that each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
investment performance, changing interest rates and other economic factors could decrease the value of our benefit plan assets and nuclear decommissioning trust funds and increase the valuation of our related obligations, resulting in significant additional funding requirements.  we are subject to risks related to the provision of employee healthcare benefits and healthcare reform legislation.  any inability to fully recover these costs in our utility rates would negatively impact our financial condition.
we have significant pension plan and other postretirement benefits plan obligations to our employees and retirees, and legal obligations to fund nuclear decommissioning trusts for palo verde.  we hold and invest substantial assets in these trusts that are designed to provide funds to pay for certain of these obligations as they arise.  declines in market values of the fixed income and equity securities held in these trusts may increase our funding requirements into the related trusts.  additionally, the valuation of liabilities related to our pension plan and other postretirement benefit plans are impacted by a discount rate, which is the interest rate used to discount future pension and other postretirement benefit obligations.  declining interest rates decrease the discount rate, increase the valuation of the plan liabilities and may result in increases in pension and other
36
postretirement benefit costs, cash contributions, regulatory assets, and charges to oci.  changes in demographics, including increased number of retirements or changes in life expectancy and changes in other actuarial assumptions, may also result in similar impacts.  the minimum contributions required under these plans are impacted by federal legislation.  increasing liabilities or otherwise increasing funding requirements under these plans, resulting from adverse changes in legislation or otherwise, could result in significant cash funding obligations that could have a material impact on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.
we recover most of the pension costs and other postretirement benefit costs and all of the nuclear decommissioning costs in our regulated rates.  any inability to fully recover these costs in a timely manner would have a material negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
employee healthcare costs in recent years have continued to rise.  most of the patient protection and affordable care act provisions have been implemented; however, costs and other effects of the legislation, which may include the cost of compliance and potentially increased costs of providing for medical insurance for our employees, cannot be determined with certainty at this time.
our cash flow depends on the performance of aps.
we derive essentially all of our revenues and earnings from our wholly owned subsidiary, aps.  accordingly, our cash flow and our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is dependent upon the earnings and cash flows of aps and its distributions to us.  aps is a separate and distinct legal entity and has no obligation to make distributions to us.
aps's financing agreements may restrict its ability to pay dividends, make distributions or otherwise transfer funds to us.  in addition, an acc financing order requires aps to maintain a common equity ratio of at least 40% and does not allow aps to pay common dividends if the payment would reduce its common equity below that threshold.  the common equity ratio, as defined in the acc order, is total shareholder equity divided by the sum of total shareholder equity and long-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt.
pinnacle west's ability to meet its debt service obligations could be adversely affected because its debt securities are structurally subordinated to the debt securities and other obligations of its subsidiaries.
because pinnacle west is structured as a holding company, all existing and future debt and other liabilities of our subsidiaries will be effectively senior in right of payment to our debt securities.  the assets and cash flows of our subsidiaries will be available, in the first instance, to service their own debt and other obligations.  our ability to have the benefit of their cash flows, particularly in the case of any insolvency or financial distress affecting our subsidiaries, would arise only through our equity ownership interests in our subsidiaries and only after their creditors have been satisfied.
the market price of our common stock may be volatile.
the market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to factors such as the following, some of which are beyond our control:
•   variations in our quarterly operating results;
•   operating results that vary from the expectations of management, securities analysts and investors;
37
•   changes in expectations as to our future financial performance, including financial estimates by securities analysts and investors;
•   developments generally affecting industries in which we operate;
•   announcements by us or our competitors of significant contracts, acquisitions, joint marketing relationships, joint ventures or capital commitments;
•   announcements by third parties of significant claims or proceedings against us;
•   favorable or adverse regulatory or legislative developments;
•   our dividend policy;
•   future sales by the company of equity or equity-linked securities; and
•   general domestic and international economic conditions.
in addition, the stock market in general has experienced volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of a particular company.  these broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws and of arizona law make it difficult for shareholders to change the composition of our board and may discourage takeover attempts.
these provisions, which could preclude our shareholders from receiving a change of control premium, include the following:
•   restrictions on our ability to engage in a wide range of "business combination" transactions with an "interested shareholder" (generally, any person who owns 10% or more of our outstanding voting power or any of our affiliates or associates) or any affiliate or associate of an interested shareholder, unless specific conditions are met;
•   anti-greenmail provisions of arizona law and our bylaws that prohibit us from purchasing shares of our voting stock from beneficial owners of more than 5% of our outstanding shares unless specified conditions are satisfied;
•   the ability of the board of directors to increase the size of the board of directors and fill vacancies on the board of directors, whether resulting from such increase, or from death, resignation, disqualification or otherwise; and
•   the ability of our board of directors to issue additional shares of common stock and shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and, with respect to preferred stock, the other terms, including preferences and voting rights, of those shares without shareholder approval.
while these provisions have the effect of encouraging persons seeking to acquire control of us to negotiate with our board of directors, they could enable the board of directors to hinder or frustrate a transaction that some, or a majority, of our shareholders might believe to be in their best interests and, in that case, may prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations introduction the following discussion should be read in conjunction with pinnacle west's consolidated financial statements and aps's consolidated financial statements and the related notes that appear in item 8 of this report.  for information on factors that may cause our actual future results to differ from those we currently seek or anticipate, see "forward-looking statements" at the front of this report and "risk factors" in item 1a.
overview pinnacle west owns all of the outstanding common stock of aps.  aps is a vertically-integrated electric utility that provides either retail or wholesale electric service to most of the state of arizona, with the major exceptions of about one-half of the phoenix metropolitan area, the tucson metropolitan area and mohave county in northwestern arizona.  aps currently accounts for essentially all of our revenues and earnings.
areas of business focus operational performance, reliability and recent developments.
nuclear. aps operates and is a joint owner of palo verde. the march 2011 earthquake and tsunamis in japan and the resulting accident at japan's fukushima daiichi nuclear power station had a significant impact on nuclear power operators worldwide. in the aftermath of the accident, the nrc conducted an independent assessment to consider actions to address lessons learned from the fukushima events. the independent assessment, named the "near term task force," recommended a number of proposed enhancements to u.s. commercial nuclear power plant equipment and emergency plans. the nrc has directed nuclear power plants to begin implementing some of the near term task force's recommendations. to implement these recommendations, palo verde expects to spend approximately $0.5 million for capital enhancements to the plant through 2016 in addition to the approximate $125 million that has already been spent on capital enhancements as of december 31, 2015 (aps's share is 29.1%).
coal and related environmental matters and transactions.  aps is a joint owner of three coal-fired power plants and acts as operating agent for two of the plants.  aps is focused on the impacts on its coal fleet that may result from increased regulation and potential legislation concerning ghg emissions.  on june 2, 2014, epa proposed a rule to limit carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants (the "clean power plan"), and epa finalized its proposal on august 3, 2015.
epa's nationwide co2 emissions reduction goal is 32% below 2005 emission levels.  as finalized for the state of arizona and the navajo nation, compliance with the clean power plan could involve a shift in generation from coal to natural gas and renewable generation.  until implementation plans for these jurisdictions are finalized, we are unable to determine the actual impacts to aps.  aps continually analyzes its long-range capital management plans to assess the potential effects of these changes, understanding that any resulting regulation and legislation could impact the economic viability of certain plants, as well as the willingness or ability of power plant participants to continue participation in such plants.
48
cholla on september 11, 2014, aps announced that it would close its 260 mw unit 2 at cholla and cease burning coal at units 1 and 3 by the mid-2020s if epa approves a compromise proposal offered by aps to meet required environmental and emissions standards and rules. on april 14, 2015, the acc approved aps's plan to retire unit 2, without expressing any view on the future recoverability of aps's remaining investment in the unit. (see note 3 for details related to the resulting regulatory asset and note 10 for details of the proposal.) aps believes that the environmental benefits of this proposal are greater in the long term than the benefits that would have resulted from adding emissions control equipment. aps closed unit 2 on october 1, 2015.
four corners asset purchase agreement and coal supply matters.  on december 30, 2013, aps purchased sce's 48% interest in each of units 4 and 5 of four corners. the final purchase price for the interest was approximately $182 million. in connection with aps's most recent retail rate case with the acc, the acc reserved the right to review the prudence of the four corners transaction for cost recovery purposes upon the closing of the transaction. on december 23, 2014, the acc approved rate adjustments related to aps's acquisition of sce's interest in four corners resulting in a revenue increase of $57.1 million on an annual basis. on february 23, 2015, the acc decision approving the rate adjustments was appealed. aps has intervened and is actively participating in the proceeding. the arizona court of appeals has suspended the appeal pending the arizona supreme court's decision in the sib matter discussed below, which could have an effect on the outcome of this four corners proceeding. we cannot predict when or how this matter will be resolved.
concurrently with the closing of the sce transaction, bhp billiton, the parent company of bncc, the coal supplier and operator of the mine that serves four corners, transferred its ownership of bncc to ntec, a company formed by the navajo nation to own the mine and develop other energy projects. bhp billiton will be retained by ntec under contract as the mine manager and operator until july 2016. also occurring concurrently with the closing, the four corners' co-owners executed the 2016 coal supply agreement for the supply of coal to four corners from july 2016, when the current coal supply agreement expires, through 2031. el paso, a 7% owner in units 4 and 5 of four corners, did not sign the 2016 coal supply agreement. under the 2016 coal supply agreement, aps has agreed to assume the 7% shortfall obligation. on february 17, 2015, aps and el paso entered into an asset purchase agreement providing for the purchase by aps, or an affiliate of aps, of el paso's 7% interest in each of units 4 and 5 of four corners. the cash purchase price, which will be subject to certain adjustments at closing, is immaterial in amount, and the purchaser will assume el paso's reclamation and decommissioning obligations associated with the 7% interest. completion of the purchase is subject to the receipt of certain regulatory approvals and is expected to occur in july 2016.
when aps, or an affiliate of aps, ultimately acquires el paso's interest in four corners, ntec has the option to purchase the interest within a certain timeframe pursuant to an option granted by aps to ntec. on december 29, 2015, ntec notified aps of its intent to exercise the option. aps is negotiating a definitive purchase agreement with ntec for the purchase of the 7% interest. the 2016 coal supply agreement contains alternate pricing terms for the 7% shortfall obligations in the event ntec does not purchase the interest.
lease extension.  aps, on behalf of the four corners participants, negotiated amendments to an existing facility lease with the navajo nation, which extends the four corners leasehold interest from 2016 to 2041.  the navajo nation approved these amendments in march 2011.  the effectiveness of the amendments also required the approval of the doi, as did a related federal rights-of-way grant.  a federal environmental review was undertaken as part of the doi review process, and culminated in the issuance by doi of a record
49
of decision on july 17, 2015. the record of decision provided the authority for the bureau of indian affairs to sign the lease amendments and rights-of-way renewals, which occurred in late july 2015.  on december 21, 2015, several environmental groups filed a notice of intent to sue with osm and other federal agencies under the endangered species act alleging that osm's reliance on the biological opinion and incidental take statement prepared in connection with the environmental review described above were not in accordance with applicable law. we are monitoring this matter and will intervene if a lawsuit is filed. we cannot predict the timing or outcome of this matter.
natural gas.  aps has six natural gas power plants located throughout arizona, including ocotillo. ocotillo is a 330 mw 4-unit gas plant located in the metropolitan phoenix area.  in early 2014, aps announced a project to modernize the plant, which involves retiring two older 110 mw steam units, adding five 102 mw combustion turbines and maintaining two existing 55 mw combustion turbines.  in total, this increases the capacity of the site by 290 mw, to 620 mw, with completion targeted by summer 2019.  aps completed a competitive solicitation process in which the ocotillo project was evaluated against other alternatives.  consistent with the independent monitor's report, the ocotillo project was selected as the best alternative. aps must finalize the permitting process before construction can begin.
transmission and delivery.  aps is working closely with regulators to identify and plan for transmission needs that continue to support system reliability, access to markets and renewable energy development.  the capital expenditures table presented in the "liquidity and capital resources" section below includes new aps transmission projects through 2018, along with other transmission costs for upgrades and replacements.  aps is also working to establish and expand advanced grid technologies throughout its service territory to provide long-term benefits both to aps and its customers.  aps is strategically deploying a variety of technologies that are intended to allow customers to better monitor their energy use and needs, minimize system outage durations, as well as the number of customers that experience outages, and facilitate greater cost savings to aps through improved reliability and the automation of certain distribution functions, including remote meter reading and remote connects and disconnects.
renewable energy.  the acc approved the res in 2006.  the renewable energy requirement is 6% of retail electric sales in 2016 and increases annually until it reaches 15% in 2025.  in the 2009 settlement agreement, aps agreed to exceed the res standards, committing to use aps's best efforts to obtain 1,700 gwh of new renewable resources to be in service by year-end 2015, in addition to its res renewable resource commitments.  aps met its settlement commitment and res target for 2015. a component of the res targets development of distributed energy systems.
in 2013, the acc conducted a hearing to consider aps's proposal to establish compliance with distributed energy requirements by tracking and recording distributed energy, rather than acquiring and retiring renewable energy credits. on february 6, 2014, the acc established a proceeding to modify the renewable energy rules to establish a process for compliance with the renewable energy requirement that is not based solely on the use of renewable energy credits. on september 9, 2014, the acc authorized a rulemaking process to modify the res rules. the proposed changes would permit the acc to find that utilities have complied with the distributed energy requirement in light of all available information. the acc adopted these changes on december 18, 2014.  the revised rules went into effect on april 21, 2015.
on july 1, 2014, aps filed its 2015 res implementation plan and proposed a res budget of approximately $154 million. on december 31, 2014, the acc issued a decision approving the 2015 res implementation plan with minor modifications, including reducing the requested budget to approximately $152 million.
50
on july 1, 2015, aps filed its 2016 res implementation plan and proposed a res budget of approximately $148 million. on january 12, 2016, the acc approved aps's plan and requested budget.
aps has developed owned solar resources through the acc-approved az sun program.  aps has invested approximately $675 million in its az sun program.  agreements for the development and completion of future resources are subject to various conditions, including successful siting, permitting and interconnection of the project to the electric grid.
in accordance with the acc's decision on the 2014 res plan, on april 15, 2014, aps filed an application with the acc requesting permission to build an additional 20 mw of aps-owned utility scale solar under the az sun program.  in a subsequent filing, aps also offered an alternative proposal to replace the 20 mw of utility scale solar with 10 mw (approximately 1,500 customers) of aps-owned residential solar that will not be under the az sun program. on december 19, 2014, the acc voted that it had no objection to aps implementing its residential rooftop solar program. the first stage of the residential rooftop solar program, called the "solar partner program", is to be 8 mw followed by a 2 mw second stage that will only be deployed if coupled with distributed storage. the program will target specific distribution feeders in an effort to maximize potential system benefits, as well as make systems available to limited-income customers who cannot easily install solar through transactions with third parties. the acc expressly reserved that any determination of prudency of the residential rooftop solar program for rate making purposes shall not be made until the project is fully in service and aps requests cost recovery in a future rate case.
demand side management.  in december 2009, arizona regulators placed an increased focus on energy efficiency and other demand side management programs to encourage customers to conserve energy, while incentivizing utilities to aid in these efforts that ultimately reduce the demand for energy.  the acc initiated an energy efficiency rulemaking, with a proposed energy efficiency standard of 22% cumulative annual energy savings by 2020.  the 22% figure represents the cumulative reduction in future energy usage through 2020 attributable to energy efficiency initiatives.  this standard became effective on january 1, 2011.
on june 1, 2012, aps filed its 2013 dsm plan.  in 2013, the standards required aps to achieve cumulative energy savings equal to 5% of its 2012 retail energy sales.  later in 2012, aps filed a supplement to its plan that included a proposed budget for 2013 of $87.6 million.
on march 11, 2014, the acc issued an order approving aps's 2013 dsm plan.  the acc approved a budget of $68.9 million for each of 2013 and 2014.  the acc also approved a resource savings initiative that allows aps to count towards compliance with the acc electric energy efficiency standards, savings from improvements to aps's transmission and delivery system, generation and facilities that have been approved through a dsm plan.
on march 20, 2015, aps filed an application with the acc requesting a budget of $68.9 million for 2015 and minor modifications to its dsm portfolio going forward, including for the first time three resource savings projects which reflect energy savings on aps's system. the acc approved aps's 2015 dsm budget on november 25, 2015. in its decision, the acc also approved that verified energy savings from aps's resource savings projects could be counted toward compliance with the electric energy efficiency standard, however, the acc ruled that aps was not allowed to count savings from systems savings projects toward determination of its achievement tier level for its performance incentive, nor may aps include savings from conservation voltage reduction in the calculation of its lost fixed cost recovery mechanism.
on june 1, 2015, aps filed its 2016 dsm plan requesting a budget of $68.9 million and minor modifications to its dsm portfolio to increase energy savings and cost effectiveness of the programs. the dsm plan also proposed a reduction in the dsmac of approximately 12%.
51
electric energy efficiency. on june 27, 2013, the acc voted to open a new docket investigating whether the electric energy efficiency standards should be modified.  the acc held a series of three workshops in march and april 2014 to investigate methodologies used to determine cost effective energy efficiency programs, cost recovery mechanisms, incentives, and potential changes to the electric energy efficiency and resource planning rules.
on november 4, 2014, the acc staff issued a request for informal comment on a draft of possible amendments to arizona's electric utility energy efficiency standards. the draft proposed substantial changes to the rules and energy efficiency standards. the acc accepted written comments and took public comment regarding the possible amendments on december 19, 2014. a formal rulemaking has not been initiated and there has been no additional action on the draft to date.
rate matters. aps needs timely recovery through rates of its capital and operating expenditures to maintain its financial health.  aps's retail rates are regulated by the acc and its wholesale electric rates (primarily for transmission) are regulated by ferc.  on june 1, 2011, aps filed a rate case with the acc.  aps and other parties to the retail rate case subsequently entered into the 2012 settlement agreement detailing the terms upon which the parties have agreed to settle the rate case.  see note 3 for details regarding the 2012 settlement agreement terms and for information on aps's ferc rates.
on january 29, 2016, aps filed a noi informing the acc that aps intends to submit a rate case application in june 2016 using an adjusted test year ending december 31, 2015.  the noi provides an overview of the key issues aps expects to address in its formal request such as rate design changes (residential, commercial and industrial), a decoupling mechanism, permission to defer for potential future recovery costs associated with the company's ocotillo modernization project, permission to defer for potential future recovery costs associated with environmental standards compliance, inclusion of post-test year plant and modifications to certain adjustor mechanisms, among other items.  in its rate application, aps will request that its proposed pricing changes take effect in july 2017. aps is still developing the exact amount of the request.
aps has several recovery mechanisms in place that provide more timely recovery to aps of its fuel and transmission costs, and costs associated with the promotion and implementation of its demand side management and renewable energy efforts and customer programs.  these mechanisms are described more fully in note 3.
as part of aps's acquisition of sce's interest in units 4 and 5 of four corners, aps and sce agreed, via a "transmission termination agreement" that, upon closing of the acquisition, the companies would terminate an existing transmission agreement ("transmission agreement") between the parties that provides transmission capacity on a system (the "arizona transmission system") for sce to transmit its portion of the output from four corners to california.  aps previously submitted a request to ferc related to this termination, which resulted in a ferc order denying rate recovery of $40 million that aps agreed to pay sce associated with the termination.  aps and sce negotiated an alternate arrangement under which sce would assign its 1,555 mw capacity rights over the arizona transmission system to third parties, including 300 mw to aps's marketing and trading group.  however, this alternative arrangement was not approved by ferc.  on december 22, 2015, aps and sce agreed to terminate the transmission termination agreement and allow for the transmission agreement to expire according to its terms, which includes settling obligations in accordance with the terms of the transmission agreement. aps has established a regulatory asset of $12 million at december 31, 2015 in connection with the expiration of the transmission agreement, which it expects to recover through its ferc-jurisdictional rates.
52
net metering.  on july 12, 2013, aps filed an application with the acc proposing a solution to address the cost shift brought by the current net metering rules.  on december 3, 2013, the acc issued its order on aps's net metering proposal.  the acc instituted a charge on customers who install rooftop solar panels after december 31, 2013.  the charge of $0.70 per kilowatt became effective on january 1, 2014, and is estimated to collect $4.90 per month from a typical future rooftop solar customer to help pay for their use of the electric grid.   the fixed charge does not increase aps's revenue because it is credited to the lfcr.
in making its decision, the acc determined that the current net metering program creates a cost shift, causing non-solar utility customers to pay higher rates to cover the costs of maintaining the electric grid.  the acc acknowledged that the $0.70 per kilowatt charge addresses only a portion of the cost shift.
on october 20, 2015, the acc voted to conduct a generic evidentiary hearing on the value and cost of distributed generation to gather information that will inform the acc on net metering issues and cost of service studies in upcoming utility rate cases.  a hearing has been scheduled to commence in april 2016.  aps cannot predict the outcome of this proceeding.
in 2015, arizona jurisdictional utilities uns electric, inc. and tucson electric power company both filed applications with the acc requesting rate increases. these applications include rate design changes to mitigate the cost shift caused by net metering. on december 9, 2015, aps filed testimony in the uns electric, inc. rate case in support of the uns electric, inc. proposed rate design changes. aps has also requested intervention in the upcoming tucson electric power company rate case. the outcomes of these proceedings will not directly impact our financial position.
appellate review of third-party regulatory decision ("system improvement benefits" or "sib"). in a recent appellate challenge to an acc rate decision involving a water company, the arizona court of appeals considered the question of how the acc should determine the "fair value" of a utility's property, as specified in the arizona constitution, in connection with authorizing the recovery of costs through rate adjustors outside of a rate case.  the court of appeals reversed the acc's method of finding fair value in that case, and raised questions concerning the relationship between the need for fair value findings and the recovery of capital and certain other utility costs through adjustors. the acc sought review by the arizona supreme court of this decision and aps filed a brief supporting the acc's petition to the arizona supreme court for review of the court of appeals' decision. on february 9, 2016, the arizona supreme court granted review of the decision and oral argument is set for march 22, 2016.   if the decision is upheld by the supreme court without modification, certain aps rate adjustors may require modification. this could in turn have an impact on aps's ability to recover certain costs in between rate cases. aps cannot predict the outcome of this matter.
financial strength and flexibility.  pinnacle west and aps currently have ample borrowing capacity under their respective credit facilities, and may readily access these facilities ensuring adequate liquidity for each company.  capital expenditures will be funded with internally generated cash and external financings, which may include issuances of long-term debt and pinnacle west common stock.
other subsidiaries.
bright canyon energy. on july 31, 2014, pinnacle west announced its creation of a wholly-owned subsidiary, bce.  bce will focus on new growth opportunities that leverage the company's core expertise in the electric energy industry.  bce's first initiative is a 50/50 joint venture with bhe u.s. transmission llc, a subsidiary of berkshire hathaway energy company.  the joint venture, named transcanyon, is pursuing independent transmission opportunities within the eleven states that comprise the western electricity coordinating council, excluding opportunities related to transmission service that would otherwise be provided under the tariffs of the retail service territories of the venture partners' utility affiliates.  transcanyon
53
continues to pursue transmission development opportunities in the western united states consistent with its strategy.
el dorado. the operations of el dorado are not expected to have any material impact on our financial results, or to require any material amounts of capital, over the next three years.
key financial drivers in addition to the continuing impact of the matters described above, many factors influence our financial results and our future financial outlook, including those listed below.  we closely monitor these factors to plan for the company's current needs, and to adjust our expectations, financial budgets and forecasts appropriately.
electric operating revenues.  for the years 2013 through 2015, retail electric revenues comprised approximately 93% of our total electric operating revenues.  our electric operating revenues are affected by customer growth or decline, variations in weather from period to period, customer mix, average usage per customer and the impacts of energy efficiency programs, distributed energy additions, electricity rates and tariffs, the recovery of psa deferrals and the operation of other recovery mechanisms.  these revenue transactions are affected by the availability of excess generation or other energy resources and wholesale market conditions, including competition, demand and prices.
customer and sales growth.  retail customers in aps's service territory increased 1.2% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year.  for the three years 2013 through 2015, aps's customer growth averaged 1.3% per year. we currently expect annual customer growth to average in the range of 2.0-3.0% for 2016 through 2018 based on our assessment of modestly improving economic conditions in arizona. retail electricity sales in kwh, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations, increased 0.7% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year, reflecting the effects of improving economic conditions and customer growth, partially offset by customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives.  for the three years 2013 through 2015, aps experienced annual increases in retail electricity sales averaging 0.1%, adjusted to exclude the effects of weather variations.  we currently estimate that annual retail electricity sales in kwh will increase on average in the range of 0.5-1.5% during 2016 through 2018, including the effects of customer conservation and energy efficiency and distributed renewable generation initiatives, but excluding the effects of weather variations.  a slower recovery of the arizona economy could further impact these estimates.
actual sales growth, excluding weather-related variations, may differ from our projections as a result of numerous factors, such as economic conditions, customer growth, usage patterns and energy conservation, impacts of energy efficiency programs and growth in distributed generation, and responses to retail price changes.  based on past experience, a reasonable range of variation in our kwh sales projections attributable to such economic factors under normal business conditions can result in increases or decreases in annual net income of up to $10 million.
weather.  in forecasting the retail sales growth numbers provided above, we assume normal weather patterns based on historical data.  historically, extreme weather variations have resulted in annual variations in net income in excess of $20 million.  however, our experience indicates that the more typical variations from normal weather can result in increases or decreases in annual net income of up to $10 million.
fuel and purchased power costs.  fuel and purchased power costs included on our consolidated statements of income are impacted by our electricity sales volumes, existing contracts for purchased power and generation fuel, our power plant performance, transmission availability or constraints, prevailing market
54
prices, new generating plants being placed in service in our market areas, changes in our generation resource allocation, our hedging program for managing such costs and psa deferrals and the related amortization.
operations and maintenance expenses.  operations and maintenance expenses are impacted by customer and sales growth, power plant operations, maintenance of utility plant (including generation, transmission, and distribution facilities), inflation, outages, renewable energy and demand side management related expenses (which are offset by the same amount of operating revenues) and other factors.  on september 30, 2014, pinnacle west announced plan design changes to the group life and medical postretirement benefit plan, which reduced net periodic benefit costs. see note 7.
depreciation and amortization expenses.  depreciation and amortization expenses are impacted by net additions to utility plant and other property (such as new generation, transmission, and distribution facilities), and changes in depreciation and amortization rates.  see "capital expenditures" below for information regarding the planned additions to our facilities.  see note 3 regarding deferral of certain costs pursuant to an acc order.
property taxes.  taxes other than income taxes consist primarily of property taxes, which are affected by the value of property in-service and under construction, assessment ratios, and tax rates.  the average property tax rate in arizona for aps, which owns essentially all of our property, was 11.0% of the assessed value for 2015, 10.7% for 2014 and 10.5% for 2013.  we expect property taxes to increase as we add new generating units and continue with improvements and expansions to our existing generating units, transmission and distribution facilities.  (see note 3 for property tax deferrals contained in the 2012 settlement agreement.)
income taxes.  income taxes are affected by the amount of pretax book income, income tax rates, certain deductions and non-taxable items, such as afudc.  in addition, income taxes may also be affected by the settlement of issues with taxing authorities.
interest expense.  interest expense is affected by the amount of debt outstanding and the interest rates on that debt (see note 6).  the primary factors affecting borrowing levels are expected to be our capital expenditures, long-term debt maturities, equity issuances and internally generated cash flow.  an allowance for borrowed funds used during construction offsets a portion of interest expense while capital projects are under construction.  we stop accruing afudc on a project when it is placed in commercial operation.
results of operations pinnacle west's only reportable business segment is our regulated electricity segment, which consists of traditional regulated retail and wholesale electricity businesses (primarily electric service to native load customers) and related activities and includes electricity generation, transmission and distribution.
operating results - 2015 compared with 2014.
our consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2015 was $437 million, compared with $398 million for the prior year.  the results reflect an increase of approximately $34 million for the regulated electricity segment primarily due to the four corners-related rate change, lower operations and maintenance expenses, and higher retail sales due to customer growth and changes in customer usage patterns and related pricing, partially offset by higher depreciation and amortization. the all other segment's income was higher by $5 million primarily related to el dorado's investment losses in 2014.
55
the following table presents net income attributable to common shareholders by business segment compared with the prior year:
year endeddecember 31,
2015                                                                                                                2014            net change
(dollars in millions)
regulated electricity segment:
operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses                           $2,391                  $2,309                   $82
operations and maintenance                                                            (868     )              (908     )              40
depreciation and amortization                                                         (494     )              (417     )             (77     )
taxes other than income taxes                                                         (172     )              (172     )               -
all other income and expenses, net                                                      19                      28                    (9     )
interest charges, net of allowance for borrowed funds used during construction        (179     )              (185     )               6
income taxes                                                                          (239     )              (224     )             (15     )
less income related to noncontrolling interests (note 18)                              (19     )               (26     )               7
regulated electricity segment income                                                   439                     405                    34
all other                                                                               (2     )                (7     )               5
net income attributable to common shareholders                                        $437                    $398                   $39
operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses.  regulated electricity segment operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses were $82 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year.  the following table summarizes the major components of this change:
increase (decrease)
operatingrevenues       fuel andpurchasedpowerexpenses                  net change
(dollars in millions)
four corners-related rate change                                                                                    $56               $-                                               $56
higher retail sales due to customer growth and changes in customer usage patterns and related pricing                25                                     6                           19
lost fixed cost recovery                                                                                             12               -                                                 12
effects of weather                                                                                                   16                                     6                           10
changes in net fuel and purchased power costs, including off-system sales margins and related deferrals             (69       )       (68                       )                       (1     )
changes in long-term wholesale contracted sales                                                                     (40       )       (25                       )                      (15     )
miscellaneous items, net                                                                                              3                                     2                            1
total                                                                                                                $3               $(79                      )                      $82
operations and maintenance.  operations and maintenance expenses decreased $40 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year primarily because of:
•   a decrease of $21 million for employee benefit costs;
56
•   a decrease of $14 million in fossil generation costs primarily related to lower planned outage costs;
•   a decrease of $13 million for costs related to corporate support;
•   a decrease of $8 million related to costs for demand-side management, renewable energy and similar regulatory programs, which is partially offset in operating revenues and purchased power;
•   an increase of $9 million related to higher nuclear generation costs;
•   an increase of $6 million in customer service costs including costs related to a new customer information system; and
•   an increase of $1 million related to other miscellaneous factors.
depreciation and amortization.  depreciation and amortization expenses were $77 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year primarily related to:
•   an increase of $34 million related to the absence of 2014 four corners cost deferrals and the related 2015 amortization;
•   an increase of $16 million related to the four corners acquisition adjustment;
•   an increase of $20 million due to increased plant in service;
•   an increase of $10 million related to the regulatory treatment of the palo verde sale leaseback, which is offset in noncontrolling interests; and
•   a decrease of $3 million due to other miscellaneous factors.
all other income and expenses, net.  all other income and expenses, net, were $9 million lower for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year primarily due to the return on the four corners acquisition in 2014.
interest charges, net of allowance for borrowed funds used during construction.  interest charges, net of allowance for borrowed funds used during construction, decreased $6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year, primarily because of lower interest rates on our debt in the current year.
income taxes.  income taxes were $15 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared with the prior year primarily due to the effects of higher pretax income in the current year.
operating results - 2014 compared with 2013.
our consolidated net income attributable to common shareholders for the year ended december 31, 2014 was $398 million, compared with $406 million for the prior year.  the results reflect a decrease of approximately $4 million for the regulated electricity segment primarily due to higher fossil generation costs, lower retail sales due to the effects of weather, higher property taxes, and lower retail transmission revenues. these
57
negative factors were partially offset by lower operations and maintenance expenses related to lower employee benefit costs, higher other income, and increased revenues for lost fixed cost recovery. all other segment's income was lower by $4 million primarily related to el dorado's investment losses.
the following table presents net income attributable to common shareholders by business segment compared with the prior year:
year endeddecember 31,
2014                                                                                                                2013            net change
(dollars in millions)
regulated electricity segment:
operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses                           $2,309                  $2,356                  $(47     )
operations and maintenance                                                            (908     )              (925     )              17
depreciation and amortization                                                         (417     )              (416     )              (1     )
taxes other than income taxes                                                         (172     )              (164     )              (8     )
all other income and expenses, net                                                      28                      11                    17
interest charges, net of allowance for borrowed funds used during construction        (185     )              (187     )               2
income taxes                                                                          (224     )              (232     )               8
less income related to noncontrolling interests (note 18)                              (26     )               (34     )               8
regulated electricity segment income                                                   405                     409                    (4     )
all other                                                                               (7     )                (3     )              (4     )
net income attributable to common shareholders                                        $398                    $406                   $(8     )
operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses.  regulated electricity segment operating revenues less fuel and purchased power expenses were $47 million lower for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the prior year.  the following table summarizes the major components of this change:
increase (decrease)
operatingrevenues       fuel andpurchasedpowerexpenses                  net change
(dollars in millions)
effects of weather                                                                                                                  $(45       )       $(16                      )                     $(29     )
lower demand side management regulatory surcharges, offset by renewable energy regulatory surcharges and purchased power               -                                    20                          (20     )
lower retail transmission revenues                                                                                                    (7       )       -                                                 (7     )
lower retail sales due to changes in customer usage patterns and related pricing, partially offset by customer growth                 (4       )       -                                                 (4     )
higher net fuel and purchased power costs, including related deferrals and higher off-system sales margins                            78                                    79                           (1     )
lost fixed cost recovery                                                                                                              12               -                                      12
miscellaneous items, net                                                                                                               3                                     1                2
total                                                                                                                                $37               $84                                             $(47     )
58
operations and maintenance.  operations and maintenance expenses decreased $17 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the prior year primarily because of:
•   a decrease of $33 million related to costs for demand-side management, renewable energy and similar regulatory programs, which were partially offset in operating revenues and purchased power;
•a decrease of $20 million related to lower employee benefit costs;
•   an increase of $33 million in generation costs, primarily related to an increased ownership share in four corners, a portion of which is deferred in depreciation and amortization, and higher fossil maintenance costs; and
•   an increase of $3 million related to miscellaneous other factors.
depreciation and amortization.  depreciation and amortization expenses were $1 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the prior year primarily related to higher plant balances of approximately $23 million, partially offset by higher four corners cost deferrals in the current year of approximately $22 million.
taxes other than income taxes.  taxes other than income taxes were $8 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the prior year primarily due to higher property tax rates and higher plant balances.
all other income and expenses, net.  all other income and expenses, net, were $17 million higher for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the prior year due to the debt return on the four corners acquisition, an increase in the allowance for equity funds used during construction due to higher balances, and other non-operating income.
income taxes.  income taxes were $8 million lower for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared with the prior year primarily due to the effects of lower pretax income in the current year.
liquidity and capital resources overview pinnacle west's primary cash needs are for dividends to our shareholders and principal and interest payments on our indebtedness.  the level of our common stock dividends and future dividend growth will be dependent on declaration by our board of directors and based on a number of factors, including our financial condition, payout ratio, free cash flow and other factors.
our primary sources of cash are dividends from aps and external debt and equity issuances.  an acc order requires aps to maintain a common equity ratio of at least 40%.  as defined in the related acc order, the common equity ratio is defined as total shareholder equity divided by the sum of total shareholder equity and long-term debt, including current maturities of long-term debt.  at december 31, 2015, aps's common equity ratio, as defined, was 55%.  its total shareholder equity was approximately $4.7 billion, and total capitalization was approximately $8.6 billion.  under this order, aps would be prohibited from paying dividends if such payment would reduce its total shareholder equity below approximately $3.4 billion, assuming aps's total capitalization remains the same.  this restriction does not materially affect pinnacle west's ability to meet its ongoing cash needs or ability to pay dividends to shareholders.
59
aps's capital requirements consist primarily of capital expenditures and maturities of long-term debt.  aps funds its capital requirements with cash from operations and, to the extent necessary, external debt financing and equity infusions from pinnacle west.
many of aps's current capital expenditure projects qualify for bonus depreciation. on december 18, 2015, president obama signed into law the consolidated appropriations act, 2016 (h.r. 2029) which combined the tax and government funding bills (the protecting americans from tax hikes act and omnibus bill) containing an extension of bonus depreciation through 2019.  enactment of this legislation is expected to generate approximately $375-$425 million of cash tax benefits over the next three years, which is expected to be fully realized by aps and pinnacle west consolidated during this time frame.  the cash generated by the extension of bonus depreciation is an acceleration of the tax benefits that aps would have otherwise received over 20 years.  at pinnacle west consolidated, the extension of bonus depreciation will, in turn, delay until 2019 full cash realization of approximately $82 million of currently unrealized investment tax credits, which are recorded as a deferred tax asset on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015.
summary of cash flows the following tables present net cash provided by (used for) operating, investing and financing activities for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 (dollars in millions):
pinnacle west consolidated
2015                                                                        2014                2013
net cash flow provided by operating activities                 $1,094              $1,100              $1,153
net cash flow used for investing activities                    (1,066   )            (923   )          (1,009   )
net cash flow provided by (used for) financing activities           4                (179   )            (161   )
net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents              $32                 $(2   )            $(17   )
arizona public service company
2015                                                             2014                2013
net cash flow provided by operating activities      $1,100              $1,124              $1,194
net cash flow used for investing activities         (1,060   )            (922   )          (1,009   )
net cash flow used for financing activities            (22   )            (201   )            (185   )
net increase in cash and cash equivalents              $18                  $1                  $-
operating cash flows
2015 compared with 2014. pinnacle west's consolidated net cash provided by operating activities was $1,094 million in 2015 compared to $1,100 million in 2014, a decrease of $6 million in net cash provided.  the decrease is primarily related to a $135 million income tax refund received in the first quarter of 2014, which is partially offset by a $48 million change in cash collateral posted, and other changes in working capital including increased cash receipts for the four corners-related rate change of $56 million.
2014 compared with 2013. pinnacle west's consolidated net cash provided by operating activities was $1,100 million in 2014 compared to $1,153 million in 2013, a decrease of $53 million in net cash provided.  the decrease is primarily related to $99 million in higher fuel and purchased power costs, a $39 million increase in cash collateral posted, $34 million of higher pension contributions in 2014, and other changes in working capital. the decrease is partially offset by a $121 million increase in income tax refunds net of payments (primarily related to a $135 million income tax refund received in the first quarter of 2014). aps's
60
operating cash flows included income tax refunds of approximately $86 million in 2014 compared with payments of $8 million in 2013.
retirement plans and other postretirement benefits. pinnacle west sponsors a qualified defined benefit pension plan and a non-qualified supplemental excess benefit retirement plan for the employees of pinnacle west and our subsidiaries.  the requirements of the employee retirement income security act of 1974 ("erisa") require us to contribute a minimum amount to the qualified plan.  we contribute at least the minimum amount required under erisa regulations, but no more than the maximum tax-deductible amount.  the minimum required funding takes into consideration the value of plan assets and our pension benefit obligations.  under erisa, the qualified pension plan was 116% funded as of january 1, 2015 and is estimated to be approximately 116% funded as of january 1, 2016.  under gaap, the qualified pension plan was 89% funded as of january 1, 2015 and is estimated to be approximately 88% funded as of january 1, 2016. see note 7 for additional details. the assets in the plan are comprised of fixed-income, equity, real estate, and short-term investments.  future year contribution amounts are dependent on plan asset performance and plan actuarial assumptions.  we made contributions to our pension plan totaling $100 million in 2015, $175 million in 2014, and $141 million in 2013. the minimum required contributions for the pension plan are zero for the next three years. we expect to make voluntary contributions up to a total of $300 million during the 2016-2018 period.  with regard to our contributions to our other postretirement benefit plans, we made a contribution of approximately $1 million in 2015, $1 million in 2014, and $14 million in 2013. we expect to make contributions of approximately $1 million in each of the next three years to our other postretirement benefit plans.
investing cash flows
2015 compared with 2014. pinnacle west's consolidated net cash used for investing activities was $1,066 million in 2015, compared to $923 million in 2014, an increase of $143 million in net cash used primarily related to increased capital expenditures.
2014 compared with 2013. pinnacle west's consolidated net cash used for investing activities was $923 million in 2014, compared to $1,009 million in 2013, a decrease of $86 million in net cash used. the decrease in net cash used for investing activities is primarily related to aps's purchase of sce's interest in units 4 and 5 of four corners of approximately $209 million in 2013, partially offset by an increase of approximately $123 million in other capital expenditures.
61
capital expenditures.  the following table summarizes the estimated capital expenditures for the next three years:
capital expenditures
(dollars in millions)
estimated for the year endeddecember 31,
2016                                                    2017                    2018
aps generation:
nuclear fuel               $81                     $78                     $81
renewables                 110                       1                       1
environmental              235                     199                     130
new gas generation          77                     237                     112
other generation           134                     133                     222
distribution               357                     345                     376
transmission               123                     210                     120
other (a)                   88                      82                      82
total aps               $1,205                  $1,285                  $1,124
(a)         primarily information systems and facilities projects.
generation capital expenditures are comprised of various improvements to aps's existing fossil and nuclear plants.  examples of the types of projects included in this category are additions, upgrades and capital replacements of various power plant equipment, such as turbines, boilers and environmental equipment.  the estimated renewables capital expenditures include a planned utility-scale solar facility, which is subject to regulatory approval. we have not included estimated costs for cholla's compliance with mats or epa's regional haze rule since we have challenged the regional haze rule judicially and we have proposed a compromise strategy to epa, which, if approved, would allow us to avoid expenditures related to environmental control equipment. the portion of estimated costs for 2016 through 2018 for installation of pollution control equipment needed to ensure four corners' compliance with epa's regional haze rules have been included in the table above.  costs related to the navajo plant's compliance with the regional haze rules are not included in the table above, as they are expected to be incurred post-2018. the portion of estimated costs for 2016 through 2018 for incremental costs to comply with the ccr rule for four corners and cholla have also been included in the table above.
on february 17, 2015, aps and el paso entered into an asset purchase agreement providing for the purchase by aps, or an affiliate of aps, of el paso's 7% interest in each of units 4 and 5 of four corners. on december 29, 2015, ntec notified aps of its intent to exercise its option to purchase the 7% interest. the table above does not include capital expenditures related to el paso's 7% interest in four corners units 4 and 5 of $27 million in 2016 and $20 million in 2017. we are monitoring the status of other environmental matters, which, depending on their final outcome, could require modification to our planned environmental expenditures.
distribution and transmission capital expenditures are comprised of infrastructure additions and upgrades, capital replacements, and new customer construction.  examples of the types of projects included in the forecast include power lines, substations, and line extensions to new residential and commercial developments.
62
capital expenditures will be funded with internally generated cash and external financings, which may include issuances of long-term debt and pinnacle west common stock.
financing cash flows and liquidity
2015 compared with 2014.  pinnacle west's consolidated net cash provided by financing activities was $4 million in 2015, compared to $179 million net cash used in 2014, an increase of $183 million in net cash provided.  the increase in net cash provided by financing activities is primarily due to $237 million lower repayments of long-term debt and $111 million higher issuances of long-term debt (see below), partially offset by a $142 million net change in short-term borrowings.
2014 compared with 2013.  pinnacle west's consolidated net cash used for financing activities was $179 million in 2014, compared to $161 million in 2013, an increase of $18 million in net cash used.  the increase in net cash used for financing activities is primarily due to $530 million in higher repayments of long-term debt, a $67 million net reduction in funds received through short-term borrowings, and $11 million in higher dividend payments, partially offset by $595 million in higher issuances of long-term debt (see below).
significant financing activities.  on december 16, 2015, the pinnacle west board of directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.625 per share of common stock, payable on march 1, 2016, to shareholders of record on february 1, 2015.  during 2015, pinnacle west increased its indicated annual dividend from $2.38 per share to $2.50 per share.  for the year ended december 31, 2015, pinnacle west's total dividends paid per share of common stock were $2.41 per share, which resulted in dividend payments of $260 million.
on january 12, 2015, aps issued $250 million of 2.20% unsecured senior notes that mature on january 15, 2020. the net proceeds from the sale were used to repay commercial paper borrowings and replenish cash temporarily used to fund capital expenditures.
on may 19, 2015, aps issued $300 million of 3.15% unsecured senior notes that mature on may 15, 2025. the net proceeds from the sale were used to repay short-term indebtedness consisting of commercial paper borrowings and drawings under our revolving credit facilities, incurred in connection with the payment at maturity of our $300 million aggregate principal amount of 4.65% notes due may 15, 2015.
on may 28, 2015, aps purchased all $32 million of maricopa county, arizona pollution control corporation pollution control revenue refunding bonds, 2009 series b, due 2029 in connection with the mandatory tender provisions for this indebtedness. these bonds were classified as current maturities of long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2014.
on june 26, 2015, aps entered into a $50 million term loan facility that matures june 26, 2018. interest rates are based on aps's senior unsecured debt credit ratings. aps used the proceeds to repay and refinance existing short-term indebtedness.
on november 6, 2015, aps issued $250 million of 4.35% unsecured senior notes that mature on november 15, 2045. the net proceeds from the sale were used to refinance via redemption and cancellation at par our indebtedness related to the principal amounts of the navajo county, arizona pollution control corporation pollution control revenue refunding bonds (arizona public service company cholla project), 2009 series a and 2009 series c both due june 1, 2034, and repay commercial paper borrowings and replenish cash temporarily used to fund capital expenditures.
on november 17, 2015, aps redeemed at par and canceled all $38 million of the navajo county, arizona pollution control corporation revenue refunding bonds (arizona public service company cholla
63
project), 2009 series a. these bonds were classified as current maturities of long-term debt on our consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2014.
on november 17, 2015, aps canceled all $32 million of the navajo county, arizona pollution control corporation revenue refunding bonds (arizona public service company cholla project), 2009 series b, purchased in connection with the mandatory tender provision on may 30, 2014.
on december 8, 2015, aps redeemed at par and canceled all $32 million of the navajo county, arizona pollution control corporation revenue refunding bonds (arizona public service company cholla project), 2009 series c.
available credit facilities.  pinnacle west and aps maintain committed revolving credit facilities in order to enhance liquidity and provide credit support for their commercial paper programs.
at december 31, 2015, pinnacle west had a $200 million revolving credit facility that matures in may 2019.  pinnacle west has the option to increase the amount of the facility up to a maximum of $300 million upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and with the consent of the lenders.  at december 31, 2015, pinnacle west had no outstanding borrowings under its credit facility, no letters of credit outstanding and no commercial paper borrowings.
on september 2, 2015, aps replaced its $500 million revolving credit facility that would have matured in april 2018, with a new $500 million facility that matures in september 2020.
at december 31, 2015, aps had two credit facilities totaling $1 billion, including the $500 million credit facility that matures in september 2020 and a $500 million credit facility that matures in may 2019. aps may increase the amount of each facility up to a maximum of $700 million each, for a total of $1.4 billion, upon the satisfaction of certain conditions and with the consent of the lenders. interest rates are based on aps's senior unsecured debt credit ratings. these facilities are available to support aps's $250 million commercial paper program, for bank borrowings or for issuances of letters of credit. at december 31, 2015, aps had no outstanding borrowings or letters of credit under its revolving credit facilities.
see "financial assurances" in note 10 for a discussion of aps's separate outstanding letters of credit.
other financing matters.  see note 3 for information regarding the psa approved by the acc.
see note 16 for information related to the change in our margin and collateral accounts.
debt provisions pinnacle west's and aps's debt covenants related to their respective bank financing arrangements include maximum debt to capitalization ratios.  pinnacle west and aps comply with this covenant.  for both pinnacle west and aps, this covenant requires that the ratio of consolidated debt to total consolidated capitalization not exceed 65%.  at december 31, 2015, the ratio was approximately 47% for pinnacle west and 46% for aps.  failure to comply with such covenant levels would result in an event of default which, generally speaking, would require the immediate repayment of the debt subject to the covenants and could "cross-default" other debt.  see further discussion of "cross-default" provisions below.
neither pinnacle west's nor aps's financing agreements contain "rating triggers" that would result in an acceleration of the required interest and principal payments in the event of a rating downgrade.  however, our bank credit agreements and term loan facilities contain a pricing grid in which the interest rates we pay for borrowings thereunder are determined by our current credit ratings.
64
all of pinnacle west's loan agreements contain "cross-default" provisions that would result in defaults and the potential acceleration of payment under these loan agreements if pinnacle west or aps were to default under certain other material agreements.  all of aps's bank agreements contain "cross-default" provisions that would result in defaults and the potential acceleration of payment under these bank agreements if aps were to default under certain other material agreements.  pinnacle west and aps do not have a material adverse change restriction for credit facility borrowings.
see note 6 for further discussions of liquidity matters.
credit ratings the ratings of securities of pinnacle west and aps as of february 12, 2016 are shown below.  we are disclosing these credit ratings to enhance understanding of our cost of short-term and long-term capital and our ability to access the markets for liquidity and long-term debt.  the ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies, from which an explanation of the significance of their ratings may be obtained.  there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time.  the ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant.  any downward revision or withdrawal may adversely affect the market price of pinnacle west's or aps's securities and/or result in an increase in the cost of, or limit access to, capital.  such revisions may also result in substantial additional cash or other collateral requirements related to certain derivative instruments, insurance policies, natural gas transportation, fuel supply, and other energy-related contracts.  at this time, we believe we have sufficient available liquidity resources to respond to a downward revision to our credit ratings.
moody's   standard &amp; poor's   fitch pinnacle west corporate credit rating   a3        a-                      a-
commercial paper          p-2       a-2                     f2
outlook                   stable    stable                  stable aps corporate credit rating   a2        a-                      a-
senior unsecured          a2        a-                      a commercial paper          p-1       a-2                     f2
outlook                   stable    stable                  stable off-balance sheet arrangements see note 18 for a discussion of the impacts on our financial statements of consolidating certain vies.
65
contractual obligations the following table summarizes pinnacle west's consolidated contractual requirements as of december 31, 2015 (dollars in millions):
2016                                                                          2017-2018            2019-2020            thereafter               total long-term debt payments, including interest: (a)
aps                                                      $542                $414               $1,011                $4,422                $6,389
pinnacle west                                               2                 127                    -                     -                   129
total long-term debt payments, including interest         544                 541                1,011                 4,422                 6,518
fuel and purchased power commitments (b)                  643               1,174                1,064                 7,559                10,440
renewable energy credits (c)                               42                  80                   80                   432                   634
purchase obligations (d)                                  233                 512                   37                   213                   995
coal reclamation                                           15                  34                   39                   262                   350
nuclear decommissioning funding requirements                2                   4                    4                    62                    72
noncontrolling interests (e)                               23                  46                   46                   226                   341
operating lease payments                                    9                  16                   11                    61                    97
total contractual commitments                          $1,511              $2,407               $2,292               $13,237               $19,447
(a)   the long-term debt matures at various dates through 2045 and bears interest principally at fixed rates. interest on variable-rate long-term debt is determined by using average rates at december 31, 2015 (see note 6).
(b)   our fuel and purchased power commitments include purchases of coal, electricity, natural gas, renewable energy, nuclear fuel, and natural gas transportation (see notes 3 and 10). these amounts include commitments incurred assuming an additional 7% in the 2016 coal supply agreement.
(c)   contracts to purchase renewable energy credits in compliance with the res (see note 3).
(d)   these contractual obligations include commitments for capital expenditures and other obligations.
(e)   payments to the noncontrolling interests relate to the palo verde sale leaseback (see note 18).
this table excludes $34 million in unrecognized tax benefits because the timing of the future cash outflows is uncertain.  estimated minimum required pension contributions are zero for 2016, 2017 and 2018 (see note 7).
critical accounting policies in preparing the financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"), management must often make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses and related disclosures at the date of the financial statements and during the reporting period.  some of those judgments can be subjective and complex, and actual results could differ from those estimates.  we consider the following accounting policies to be our most critical because of the uncertainties, judgments and complexities of the underlying accounting standards and operations involved.
66
regulatory accounting regulatory accounting allows for the actions of regulators, such as the acc and ferc, to be reflected in our financial statements.  their actions may cause us to capitalize costs that would otherwise be included as an expense in the current period by unregulated companies.  regulatory assets represent incurred costs that have been deferred because they are probable of future recovery in customer rates.  regulatory liabilities generally represent expected future costs that have already been collected from customers.  management continually assesses whether our regulatory assets are probable of future recovery by considering factors such as applicable regulatory environment changes and recent rate orders to other regulated entities in the same jurisdiction.  this determination reflects the current political and regulatory climate in arizona and is subject to change in the future.  if future recovery of costs ceases to be probable, the assets would be written off as a charge in current period earnings.  we had $1,364 million of regulatory assets and $1,140 million of regulatory liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2015.
included in the balance of regulatory assets at december 31, 2015 is a regulatory asset of $619 million for pension benefits.  this regulatory asset represents the future recovery of these costs through retail rates as these amounts are charged to earnings.  if these costs are disallowed by the acc, this regulatory asset would be charged to oci and result in lower future earnings.
see notes 1 and 3 for more information.
pensions and other postretirement benefit accounting changes in our actuarial assumptions used in calculating our pension and other postretirement benefit liability and expense can have a significant impact on our earnings and financial position.  the most relevant actuarial assumptions are the discount rate used to measure our liability and net periodic cost, the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets used to estimate earnings on invested funds over the long-term, the mortality assumptions, and the assumed healthcare cost trend rates.  we review these assumptions on an annual basis and adjust them as necessary.
the following chart reflects the sensitivities that a change in certain actuarial assumptions would have had on the december 31, 2015 reported pension liability on the consolidated balance sheets and our 2015 reported pension expense, after consideration of amounts capitalized or billed to electric plant participants, on pinnacle west's consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
increase (decrease)
actuarial assumption (a)                                impact onpensionliability                 impact onpensionexpense discount rate:
increase 1%                                             $(329                 )                            $(11   )
decrease 1%                                         399                                                      16
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets:
increase 1%                                             -                                                   (13   )
decrease 1%                                             -                                                    13
(a)   each fluctuation assumes that the other assumptions of the calculation are held constant while the rates are changed by one percentage point.
67
the following chart reflects the sensitivities that a change in certain actuarial assumptions would have had on the december 31, 2015 other postretirement benefit obligation and our 2015 reported other postretirement benefit expense, after consideration of amounts capitalized or billed to electric plant participants, on pinnacle west's consolidated statements of income (dollars in millions):
increase (decrease)
actuarial assumption (a)                                         impact on otherpostretirement benefitobligation                impact on otherpostretirementbenefit expense discount rate:
increase 1%                                                      $(84                                )                                                  $(3                )
decrease 1%                                                                                    107                                                        6
healthcare cost trend rate (b):
increase 1%                                                                                    100                                                        9
decrease 1%                                                      (80                                 )                                                   (6                )
expected long-term rate of return on plan assets - pretax:
increase 1%                                                      -                                                                                       (4                )
decrease 1%                                                      -                                                                                        4
(a)   each fluctuation assumes that the other assumptions of the calculation are held constant while the rates are changed by one percentage point.
(b)   this assumes a 1% change in the initial and ultimate healthcare cost trend rate.
see note 7 for further details about our pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
fair value measurements we account for derivative instruments, investments held in our nuclear decommissioning trust fund, certain cash equivalents, and plan assets held in our retirement and other benefit plans at fair value on a recurring basis.  fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date.  we use inputs, or assumptions that market participants would use, to determine fair market value. we utilize valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs.  the significance of a particular input determines how the instrument is classified in a fair value hierarchy.  the determination of fair value sometimes requires subjective and complex judgment.  our assessment of the inputs and the significance of a particular input to fair value measurement may affect the valuation of the instruments and their placement within a fair value hierarchy.  actual results could differ from our estimates of fair value.  see note 1 for a discussion on accounting policies and note 13 for fair value measurement disclosures.
other accounting matters during the fourth quarter of 2015, we early adopted two new accounting standards related to balance sheet presentation of debt issuance costs, and balance sheet presentation of deferred income taxes. the adoption of these standards did not impact our results of operations or cash flows.
during the first quarter of 2016, we will be adopting new consolidation accounting guidance. we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on our financial statements.
68
we are currently evaluating the impacts of adopting new revenue recognition guidance and financial instrument recognition and measurement guidance. these two new accounting standards will be effective for us on january 1, 2018.
see note 2 for additional information related to accounting matters.
market and credit risks market risks our operations include managing market risks related to changes in interest rates, commodity prices and investments held by our nuclear decommissioning trust fund and benefit plan assets.
interest rate and equity risk we have exposure to changing interest rates.  changing interest rates will affect interest paid on variable-rate debt and the market value of fixed income securities held by our nuclear decommissioning trust fund (see note 13 and note 19) and benefit plan assets.  the nuclear decommissioning trust fund and benefit plan assets also have risks associated with the changing market value of their equity and other non-fixed income investments.  nuclear decommissioning and benefit plan costs are recovered in regulated electricity prices.
the tables below present contractual balances of our consolidated long-term and short-term debt at the expected maturity dates, as well as the fair value of those instruments on december 31, 2015 and 2014.  the interest rates presented in the tables below represent the weighted-average interest rates as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions):
pinnacle west - consolidated variable-ratelong-term debt                                   fixed-ratelong-term debt interest                                          interest
2015        rates                            amount              rates                      amount
2016        0.01   %                     $44               6.15   %                    $314
2017        1.17   %                     125                  -                           -
2018        1.02   %                      50               1.75   %                      32
2019        -                              -               8.75   %                     500
2020        -                              -               2.20   %                     250
years thereafter        0.23   %                      49               4.64   %                   2,490
total                                    $268                                         $3,586
fair value                                    $268                                         $3,839
69
short-termdebt                         variable-ratelong-term debt                                   fixed-ratelong-term debt interest                               interest                                          interest
2014        rates              amount              rates                            amount              rates                      amount
2015   0.40        %           $147                0.03   %                     $32               4.32   %                    $352
2016        -                  -                   0.04   %                      44               6.15   %                     314
2017        -                  -                   0.82   %                     157                  -                           -
2018        -                  -                   -                              -               1.75   %                      32
2019        -                  -                   -                              -               8.75   %                     500
years thereafter        -                  -                   0.27   %                      49               4.90   %                   1,940
total                           $147                                            $282                                         $3,138
fair value                           $147                                            $282                                         $3,558
the tables below present contractual balances of aps's long-term debt at the expected maturity dates, as well as the fair value of those instruments on december 31, 2015 and 2014.  the interest rates presented in the tables below represent the weighted-average interest rates as of december 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions):
aps - consolidated variable-ratelong-term debt                                   fixed-ratelong-term debt interest                                          interest
2015        rates                amount                          rates                      amount
2016        0.01   %             $44                       6.15   %                    $314
2017        -                    -                            -                           -
2018        1.02   %                      50               1.75   %                      32
2019        -                    -                         8.75   %                     500
2020        -                    -                         2.20   %                     250
years thereafter        0.23   %                      49               4.64   %                   2,490
total                             $143                                                $3,586
fair value                             $143                                                $3,839
short-termdebt                         variable-ratelong-term debt                                   fixed-ratelong-term debt interest                               interest                                          interest
2014        rates              amount              rates                            amount              rates                      amount
2015   0.40        %           $147                0.03   %                     $32               4.32   %                    $352
2016        -                  -                   0.04   %                      44               6.15   %                     314
2017        -                  -                   0.03   %                      32                  -                           -
2018        -                  -                   -                              -               1.75   %                      32
2019        -                  -                   -                              -               8.75   %                     500
years thereafter        -                  -                   0.27   %                      49               4.90   %                   1,940
total                           $147                                            $157                                         $3,138
fair value                           $147                                            $157                                         $3,558
70
commodity price risk we are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the commodity price and transportation costs of electricity and natural gas.  our risk management committee, consisting of officers and key management personnel, oversees company-wide energy risk management activities to ensure compliance with our stated energy risk management policies.  we manage risks associated with these market fluctuations by utilizing various commodity instruments that may qualify as derivatives, including futures, forwards, options and swaps.  as part of our risk management program, we use such instruments to hedge purchases and sales of electricity and fuels.  the changes in market value of such contracts have a high correlation to price changes in the hedged commodities.
the following table shows the net pretax changes in mark-to-market of our derivative positions in 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions):
2015                                                                             2014
mark-to-market of net positions at beginning of year      $(115   )       $(73      )
increase in regulatory asset                                (44   )       (64       )
recognized in oci:
change in mark-to-market losses for future deliveries        (1   )       -
mark-to-market losses realized during the period              6                22
change in valuation techniques                                -           -
mark-to-market of net positions at end of year            $(154   )       $(115     )
the table below shows the fair value of maturities of our derivative contracts (dollars in millions) at december 31, 2015 by maturities and by the type of valuation that is performed to calculate the fair values, classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.  see note 1, "derivative accounting" and "fair value measurements", for more discussion of our valuation methods.
source of fair value                                   2016              2017              2018              2019            2020            total fair value observable prices provided by other external sources       $(65      )       $(40      )       $(16      )       $-              $-          $(121           )
prices based on unobservable inputs                        (11       )       (7        )       (7        )       (6      )       (2      )   (33             )
total by maturity                                          $(76      )       $(47      )       $(23      )       $(6     )       $(2     )   $(154           )
71
the table below shows the impact that hypothetical price movements of 10% would have on the market value of our risk management assets and liabilities included on pinnacle west's consolidated balance sheets at december 31, 2015 and 2014 (dollars in millions):
december 31, 2015gain (loss)                        december 31, 2014gain (loss)
price up 10%          price down 10%                price up 10%          price down 10%
mark-to-market changes reported in:
regulatory asset (liability) or oci (a)
electricity                                        $2                 $(2           )                  $3                 $(3           )
natural gas                                        35                 (35           )      29                             (29           )
total                                             $37                 $(37          )                 $32                 $(32          )
(a)   these contracts are economic hedges of our forecasted purchases of natural gas and electricity. the impact of these hypothetical price movements would substantially offset the impact that these same price movements would have on the physical exposures being hedged. to the extent the amounts are eligible for inclusion in the psa, the amounts are recorded as either a regulatory asset or liability.
credit risk we are exposed to losses in the event of non-performance or non-payment by counterparties.  see note 16 for a discussion of our credit valuation adjustment policy.
