item 1a. risk factors the risk factors set forth below and elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k are important factors that could cause actual results to differ from expected or historical results. it is not possible to predict or identify all such risks. the risks described below are only those known risks relating to our operations and financial condition that we consider material. there may be additional risks that we consider not to be material, or which are not known, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth below. see item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations for a cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements.
adverse worldwide economic, geopolitical or other conditions could reduce the demand for cruises and passenger spending, adversely impacting our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
the demand for cruises is affected by international, national and local economic and geopolitical conditions. weak or uncertain economic conditions impact consumer confidence and pose a risk as vacationers may postpone or reduce discretionary spending. this, in turn, may result in cruise booking slowdowns, decreased cruise prices and lower onboard revenues for us and for others in the cruise industry, as experienced in the most recent financial crisis. given the global nature of our business, we are exposed to many different economies. as a result, gains from favorable economic conditions in certain of our markets may be offset by challenging conditions in other of our markets. for example, recent weakness in the economies of latin america has adversely impacted the pullmantur brand and our results of operations, partially mitigating positive economic conditions in other key markets. any significant deterioration of global, national or local economic conditions could result in a prolonged period of booking slowdowns, depressed cruise prices and reduced onboard revenues.
demand for our cruises is also influenced by geopolitical events. unfavorable conditions, such as cross-border conflicts, civil unrest and governmental changes, especially in regions with popular ports of call, can undermine consumer demand and/or pricing for itineraries featuring these ports.
significant or prolonged unrest and economic instability could materially adversely impact our operating results, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
fears of terrorist and pirate attacks, war, and other hostilities and the spread of contagious diseases could have a negative impact on our results of operations.
events such as terrorist and pirate attacks, war, and other hostilities, including the continued escalation of tensions in the middle east and recent global terrorism incidents, and the resulting political instability, travel restrictions and advisories, the spread of contagious diseases, such as the zika virus, and concerns over safety, health and security aspects of traveling or the fear of any of the foregoing, have had, and could have in the future, a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry. in view of our global operations, we are susceptible to a wider range of adverse events.
our operating costs could increase due to market forces and economic or geo-political factors beyond our control.
our operating costs, including fuel, food, payroll and benefits, airfare, taxes, insurance and security costs are all subject to increases due to market forces and economic or political conditions or other factors beyond our control. increases in these operating costs could adversely affect our profitability.
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel costs and interest rates could affect our financial results.
we are exposed to market risk attributable to changes in foreign currency exchange rates, fuel prices and changes in interest rates. high levels of volatility with respect to any of the foregoing could have a material impact on our financial results, net of the impact of our hedging activities and other natural offsets. our operating results have been and will continue to be impacted, often significantly, by changes in each of these factors. for example, in 2015, the strengthening of the us dollar had a material negative impact on the value of our earnings in foreign currencies. in
24
addition, while interest rates have been near historical lows for several years, there are indications that prevailing rates may increase in 2016. as a substantial portion of our indebtedness accrues interest at a variable rate, any significant increase in rates would adversely impact our operating results. similarly, any significant increase in fuel prices, which currently are near historical lows, would adversely impact our results of operations. see "item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk" for more information.
conducting business globally may result in increased costs and other risks.
we operate our business globally. operating internationally exposes us to a number of risks, including increased exposure to a wider range of regional and local economic conditions, volatile local political conditions, potential changes in duties and taxes, including changing and/or uncertain interpretations of existing tax laws and regulations, required compliance with additional laws and policies affecting cruising, vacation or maritime businesses or governing the operations of foreign-based companies, currency fluctuations, interest rate movements, difficulties in operating under local business environments, port quality and availability in certain regions, u.s. and global anti-bribery laws or regulations, imposition of trade barriers and restrictions on repatriation of earnings. we have recently expanded our presence in china and, accordingly, our exposure to the risks of doing business in the country. china's economy differs from the economies of other developed countries in many respects and, as the legal system in china continues to evolve, there may be greater uncertainty as to the interpretation and enforcement of applicable laws and regulations.
operating globally also exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal, regulatory and tax requirements. in many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business communities might not conform to international business standards. we must adhere to policies designed to promote legal and regulatory compliance as well as applicable laws and regulations. however, we might not be successful in ensuring that our employees, agents, representatives and other third parties with whom we associate throughout the world properly adhere to them. failure by us, our employees or any of these third parties to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flows.
if we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected, including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
price increases for commercial airline service for our guests or major changes or reduction in commercial airline service and/or availability could adversely impact the demand for cruises and undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests.
many of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark. increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall price of the cruise vacation to our guests which may adversely impact demand for our cruises. in addition, changes in the availability of commercial airline services could adversely affect our guests' ability to obtain airfare as well as our ability to fly our guests to or from our cruise ships which could adversely affect our results of operations.
incidents or adverse publicity concerning the cruise vacation industry, unusual weather conditions and other natural disasters or disruptions could affect our reputation as well as impact our sales and results of operations.
the ownership and/or operation of cruise ships, airplanes, land tours, port facilities and shore excursions involves the risk of accidents, illnesses, mechanical failures, environmental incidents and other incidents which may bring into question safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction which could negatively impact our reputation. incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular the safety and security of guests and crew and media coverage thereof have impacted and could in the future impact demand for our cruises and pricing in the industry. our reputation and our business could also be damaged by negative publicity regarding the cruise industry in general, including publicity regarding potentially adverse environmental impacts of cruising. the considerable expansion in the use of social media and digital marketing over recent years has compounded the potential scope of any negative publicity. if any such incident or news cycle occurs during a time of high seasonal demand, the effect could disproportionately impact our
25
results of operations for the year. in addition, incidents involving cruise ships may result in additional costs to our business, increasing government or other regulatory oversight and, in the case of incidents involving our ships, potential litigation.
our cruise ships and port facilities may also be adversely impacted by unusual weather patterns or natural disasters or disruptions, such as hurricanes. we are often forced to alter itineraries and occasionally to cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these or other factors, which could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. increases in the frequency, severity or duration of severe weather events, including from changes in the global climate, could exacerbate the impact and cause further disruption to our operations. in addition, these and any other events which impact the travel industry more generally may negatively impact our ability to deliver guests or crew to our cruises and/or interrupt our ability to obtain services and goods from key vendors in our supply chain. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations and on industry performance.
an increase in capacity worldwide or excess capacity in a particular market could adversely impact our cruise sales and/or pricing.
although our ships can be redeployed, cruise sales and/or pricing may be impacted both by the introduction of new ships into the marketplace and by deployment decisions of ourselves and our competitors. a total of 44 new ships with approximately 139,000 berths are on order for delivery through 2020 in the cruise industry. the further growth in capacity from these new ships and future orders, without an increase in the cruise industry's share of the vacation market, could depress cruise prices and impede our ability to achieve yield improvement.
in addition, to the extent that we or our competitors deploy ships to a particular itinerary and the resulting capacity in that region exceeds the demand, we may lower pricing and profitability may be lower than anticipated. this risk may be amplified in emerging cruise markets, such as china, where we expect a significant increase in capacity over a relatively short time horizon. any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition including potentially impairing the value of our ships and other assets.
unavailability of ports of call may adversely affect our results of operations.
we believe that port destinations are a major reason why guests choose to go on a particular cruise or on a cruise vacation. the availability of ports is affected by a number of factors, including existing capacity constraints, constraints related to the size of certain ships, security, environmental and health concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and local community concerns about port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists. in addition, fuel costs may adversely impact the destinations on certain of our itineraries. any limitations on the availability or feasibility of our ports of call or on the availability of shore excursion and other service providers at such ports could adversely affect our results of operations.
shipyard unavailability may adversely affect our ability to grow our business as planned and our results of operations.
we rely on shipyards to construct our new ships and to repair and upgrade our existing ships. there are a limited number of shipyards with the capability and capacity to build our new ships and, accordingly, increased demand for available new construction slots could impact our ability to construct new ships when and as planned, cause us to commit to new ship orders earlier than we have historically done so and/or result in stronger bargaining power on the part of the shipyards and thus higher prices for our future ship orders. our inability to timely and cost-effectively procure new capacity could have a significant negative impact on our future business plans and results of operations.
in addition, financial difficulties, liquidations or closures suffered by shipyards and/or their subcontractors may impact the timely delivery or costs of new ships or the ability of shipyards to repair and upgrade our fleet in accordance with our needs or expectations. delivery delays and canceled deliveries can adversely affect our results of operations, as can any constraints on our ability to build, repair and maintain our ships on a timely or cost effective basis.
26
ship construction, repair or upgrade delays or mechanical faults may result in cancellation of cruises or unscheduled drydocks and repairs and thus adversely affect our results of operations.
we depend on shipyards to construct, repair and upgrade our cruise ships on a timely basis and in good working order. the sophisticated nature of building a ship involves risks. delays in ship construction or upgrades or mechanical faults have in the past and may in the future result in delays or cancellation of cruises or necessitate unscheduled drydocks and repairs of ships. these events and any related adverse publicity could result in lost revenue, increased operating expenses, or both, and thus adversely affect our results of operations.
we may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.
we operate in the vacation market and cruising is one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. we therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators, which provide other leisure options including hotels, resorts and package holidays and tours.
we face significant competition from other cruise lines on the basis of cruise pricing, travel agent preference and also in terms of the nature of ships and services we offer to guests. our principal competitors within the cruise vacation industry include carnival corporation & plc, which owns, among others, aida cruises, carnival cruise line, costa cruises, cunard line, holland america line, p&o cruises and princess cruises; disney cruise line; msc cruises; norwegian cruise line holdings ltd which owns norwegian cruise line, oceania cruises and regent seven seas cruises.
in the event that we do not differentiate our cruise brands from our competitors or otherwise compete effectively with other vacation alternatives and new or existing cruise companies, our results of operations and financial position could be adversely affected.
we may not be able to obtain sufficient financing or capital for our needs or may not be able to do so on terms that are acceptable or consistent with our expectations.
to fund our capital expenditures and scheduled debt payments, we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the sale of equity or debt securities in private or public securities markets. any circumstance or event which leads to a decrease in consumer cruise spending, such as worsening global economic conditions or significant incidents impacting the cruise industry, could negatively affect our operating cash flows. see "-adverse worldwide economic, geopolitical or other conditions..." and "-incidents or adverse publicity concerning the cruise vacation industry..." for more information.
although we believe we can access sufficient liquidity to fund our operations and obligations as expected, there can be no assurances to that effect. our ability to access additional funding as and when needed, our ability to timely refinance and/or replace our outstanding debt securities and credit facilities on acceptable terms and our cost of funding will depend upon numerous factors including but not limited to the vibrancy of the financial markets, our financial performance and the performance of our industry in general. in addition, even where financing commitments have been secured, significant disruptions in the capital and credit markets could cause our banking and other counterparties to breach their contractual obligations to us. this could include failures of banks or other financial service companies to fund required borrowings under our loan agreements or to pay us amounts that may become due under our derivative contracts for hedging of fuel prices, interest rates and foreign currencies or other agreements. if any of the foregoing occurs it may have a negative impact on our cash flows, including our ability to meet our obligations, our results of operations and our financial condition.
our inability to satisfy the covenants required by our credit facilities could adversely impact our liquidity.
our debt agreements contain covenants, including covenants restricting our ability to take certain actions and financial covenants. in addition, our ability to make borrowings under our available credit facilities is subject to the absence of material adverse changes in our business. our ability to maintain our credit facilities may also be impacted
27
by changes in our ownership base. more specifically, we may be required to prepay our ship financing facilities if (i) any person or entity other than a. wilhelmsen as. and cruise associates and their respective affiliates (the "applicable group") acquires ownership of more than 33% of our common stock and the applicable group owns less of our common stock than such person or (ii) subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of the board is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of the board on the first day of such period. our other debt agreements also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by the acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock by (i) any person or (ii) in the case of our public debt securities, a person other than a member of the applicable group coupled with a ratings downgrade.
our failure to comply with the terms of our debt facilities could result in an event of default. generally, if an event of default under any debt agreement occurs, then pursuant to cross default acceleration clauses, our outstanding debt and derivative contract payables could become due and/or terminated. in addition, in such events, our credit card processors could hold back payments to create a reserve. we cannot provide assurances that we would have sufficient liquidity to repay or the ability to refinance the borrowings under any of the credit facilities or settle other outstanding contracts if such amounts were accelerated upon an event of default.
if we are unable to appropriately balance our cost management and capital allocation strategies with our goal of satisfying guest expectations, it may adversely impact our business success.
our goals call for us to provide high quality products and deliver high quality services. there can be no assurance that we can successfully balance these goals with our cost management and capital allocation strategies. our business also requires us to make capital allocation decisions, such as ordering new ships and/or upgrading our ships, based on expected market preferences and projected demand. there can be no assurance that our strategies will be successful, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our attempts to expand our business into new markets and new ventures may not be successful.
we opportunistically seek to grow our business through, among other things, expansion into new destination or source markets and establishment of new ventures complementary to our current offerings. these attempts to expand our business increase the complexity of our business, require significant levels of investment and can strain our management, personnel, operations and systems. there can be no assurance that these business expansion efforts will develop as anticipated or that we will succeed, and if we do not, we may be unable to recover our investment, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our reliance on travel agencies to sell and market our cruises exposes us to certain risks which, if realized, could adversely impact our business.
we rely on travel agencies to generate the majority of bookings for our ships. accordingly, we must ensure that our commission rates and incentive structures remain competitive. if we fail to offer competitive compensation packages, these agencies may be incentivized to sell cruises offered by our competitors to our detriment, which could adversely impact our operating results. our reliance on third-party sellers is particularly pronounced in certain markets, such as china, where we have a large number of travel agent charter and group sales and less retail agency and direct booking. refer to cruise pricing under item 1. business for further information on the china business model. in addition, the travel agent industry is sensitive to economic conditions that impact discretionary income. significant disruptions, especially disruptions impacting those agencies that sell a high volume of our business, or contractions in the industry could reduce the number of travel agencies available for us to market and sell our cruises, which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
disruptions in our shoreside operations or our information systems may adversely affect our results of operations.
our principal executive office and principal shoreside operations are located at the port of miami, florida and we have shoreside offices throughout the world. actual or threatened natural disasters (e.g., hurricanes, earthquakes, tornadoes, fires, floods) or similar events in these locations may have a material impact on our business continuity, reputation and results of operations. in addition, substantial or repeated information systems failures, computer viruses
28
or cyber-attacks impacting our shoreside or shipboard operations could adversely impact our business. we do not generally carry business interruption insurance for our shoreside operations or our information systems. as such, any losses or damages incurred by us could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.
the loss of key personnel, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel, or disruptions among our shipboard personnel due to strained employee relations could adversely affect our results of operations.
our success depends, in large part, on the skills and contributions of key executives and other employees, and on our ability to recruit and retain high quality personnel in key markets. we must continue to sufficiently recruit, retain, train and motivate our employees to maintain our current business and support our projected global growth both shoreside and on our ships. furthermore, as of december 31, 2015, 83% of our shipboard employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements. a dispute under our collective bargaining agreements could result in a work stoppage of those employees covered by the agreements. a loss of key employees, our inability to recruit or retain qualified personnel or disruptions among our personnel could adversely affect our results of operations.
business activities that involve our co-investment with third parties may subject us to additional risks.
partnerships, joint ventures, and other business structures involving our co-investment with third parties, such as our joint venture to operate tui cruises, our partnership to operate skysea cruises, our investment in grand bahama shipyard and our minority ownership investments in various port development and other projects, generally include some form of shared control over the operations of the business and create additional risks, including the possibility that other investors in such ventures could become bankrupt or otherwise lack the financial resources to meet their obligations, or could have or develop business interests, policies or objectives that are inconsistent with ours. in addition, actions by another investor may present additional risks of operational difficulties or reputational or legal concerns. these or other issues related to our co-investment with third parties could adversely impact our operations.
we rely on third-party providers of various services integral to the operations of our businesses. these third parties may act in ways that could harm our business.
in order to achieve cost and operational efficiencies, we outsource to third-party vendors certain services that are integral to the operations of our global businesses, such as our onboard concessionaires, certain of our call center operations and operation of a large part of our information technology systems. we are subject to the risk that certain decisions are subject to the control of our third-party service providers and that these decisions may adversely affect our activities. a failure to adequately monitor a third-party service provider's compliance with a service level agreement or regulatory or legal requirements could result in significant economic and reputational harm to us. there is also a risk the confidentiality, privacy and/or security of data held by third parties or communicated over third-party networks or platforms could become compromised.
a failure to keep pace with developments in technology or technological obsolescence could impair our operations or competitive position.
our business continues to demand the use of sophisticated technology and systems. these technologies and systems must be refined, updated, and/or replaced with more advanced systems in order to continue to meet our customers' demands and expectations. if we are unable to do so in a timely manner or within reasonable cost parameters or if we are unable to appropriately and timely train our employees to operate any of these new systems, our business could suffer. we also may not achieve the benefits that we anticipate from any new technology or system, and a failure to do so could result in higher than anticipated costs or could impair our operating results.
we may be exposed to risks and costs associated with cyber security, including protecting the integrity and security of our guests', employees' and business partners' personal information.
we are subject to various risks associated with the collection, handling, storage and transmission of sensitive information, including risks related to compliance with applicable laws and other contractual obligations, as well as the risk that our systems collecting such information could be compromised. in the course of doing business, we collect
29
large volumes of internal and customer data, including personally identifiable information for various business purposes. we are subject to federal, state and international laws relating to the collection, use, retention, security and transfer of personally identifiable information. in many cases, these laws apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information between the company and its subsidiaries, and among the company, its subsidiaries and other parties with which the company has commercial relations. several jurisdictions have passed laws in this area, and other jurisdictions are considering imposing additional restrictions. these laws continue to develop and may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. complying with emerging and changing international requirements may cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices. if we fail to comply with the various applicable data collection and privacy laws, we could be exposed to fines, penalties, restrictions, litigation or other expenses, and our business could be adversely impacted.
in addition, even if we are fully compliant with legal standards and contractual requirements, we still may not be able to prevent security breaches involving sensitive data. any breach, theft, loss, or fraudulent use of guest, employee or company data could adversely impact our reputation and brand and our ability to retain or attract new customers, and expose us to risks of data loss, business disruption, governmental investigation, litigation and other liability, any of which could adversely affect our business. significant capital investments and other expenditures could be required to remedy the problem and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached. additionally, the techniques and sophistication used to conduct cyber-attacks and breaches of information technology systems, as well as the sources and targets of these attacks, change frequently and are often not recognized until such attacks are launched or have been in place for a period of time. our security measures cannot provide assurance that we will be successful in preventing such breaches.
environmental, labor, health and safety, financial responsibility and other maritime regulations could affect operations and increase operating costs.
the united states and various state and foreign government or regulatory agencies have enacted or are considering new environmental regulations or policies, such as requiring the use of low sulfur fuels, increasing fuel efficiency requirements, further restricting emissions, or other initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions that could increase our direct cost to operate in certain markets, increase our cost for fuel, limit the supply of compliant fuel, cause us to incur significant expenses to purchase and/or develop new equipment and adversely impact the cruise vacation industry. while we have taken and expect to continue to take a number of actions to mitigate the potential impact of certain of these regulations, there can be no assurances that these efforts will be successful or completed on a timely basis. some environmental groups have also lobbied for more stringent regulation of cruise ships and have generated negative publicity about the cruise vacation industry and its environmental impact. see item 1. business-regulation-environmental regulations. an increase in fuel prices not only impacts our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight and commodity prices.
in addition, we are subject to various international, national, state and local laws, regulations and treaties that govern, among other things, safety standards applicable to our ships, treatment of disabled persons, health and sanitary standards applicable to our guests, security standards on board our ships and at the ship/port interface areas, and financial responsibilities to our guests. these issues are, and we believe will continue to be, an area of focus by the relevant authorities throughout the world. this could result in the enactment of more stringent regulation of cruise ships that could subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future.
a change in our tax status under the united states internal revenue code, or other jurisdictions, may have adverse effects on our income.
we and a number of our subsidiaries are foreign corporations that derive income from a u.s. trade or business and/or from sources within the u.s. drinker biddle & reath llp, our united states tax counsel, has delivered to us an opinion, based on certain representations and assumptions set forth in it, to the effect that this income, to the extent derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships, is excluded from gross income u.s. federal income tax purposes pursuant to section 883 of the internal revenue code. we believe that most of our income (including that of our subsidiaries) is derived from or incidental to the international operation of a ship or ships.
30
our ability to rely on section 883 could change in the future. provisions of the internal revenue code, including section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the identity, residence or holdings of our direct or indirect shareholders, trading volume or trading frequency of our shares, or relevant foreign tax laws of liberia such that they no longer qualify as equivalent exemption jurisdictions, that could affect our eligibility for the section 883 exemption. accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be exempt from u.s. income tax on u.s. source shipping income in the future. if we were not entitled to the benefit of section 883, we and our subsidiaries would be subject to u.s. taxation on a portion of the income derived from or incidental to the international operation of our ships, which would reduce our net income.
additionally, portions of our business are operated by companies that are within tonnage tax regimes of the u.k. and malta. further, some of the operations of these companies are conducted in jurisdictions where we rely on tax treaties to provide exemption from taxation. to the extent the tonnage tax laws of these countries change or we do not continue to meet the applicable qualification requirements or if tax treaties are changed or revoked, we may be required to pay higher income tax in these jurisdictions, adversely impacting our results of operations.
as budgetary constraints continue to adversely impact the jurisdictions in which we operate, increases in income tax regulations or tax reform affecting our operations may be imposed.
litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties could adversely impact our financial condition or results of operations and/or damage our reputation.
our business is subject to various united states and international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. in addition, improper conduct by our employees, agents or joint venture partners could damage our reputation and/or lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. in certain circumstances it may not be economical to defend against such matters and/or a legal strategy may not ultimately result in us prevailing in a matter. such events could lead to an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operations.
we are not a united states corporation and our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system in protecting their interests.
our corporate affairs are governed by our articles of incorporation and by-laws and by the business corporation act of liberia. the provisions of the business corporation act of liberia resemble provisions of the corporation laws of a number of states in the united states. however, while most states have a fairly well developed body of case law interpreting their respective corporate statutes, there are very few judicial cases in liberia interpreting the business corporation act of liberia. as such, the rights and fiduciary responsibilities of directors under liberian law are not as clearly established as the rights and fiduciary responsibilities of directors under statutes or judicial precedent in existence in certain united states jurisdictions. for example, the right of shareholders to bring a derivative action in liberian courts may be more limited than in united states jurisdictions. there may also be practical difficulties for shareholders attempting to bring suit in liberia and liberian courts may or may not recognize and enforce foreign judgments. thus, our public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests with respect to actions by management, directors or controlling shareholders than would shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a united states jurisdiction.
provisions of our articles of incorporation, by-laws and liberian law could inhibit others from acquiring us, prevent a change of control, and may prevent efforts by our shareholders to change our management.
certain provisions of our articles of incorporation and by-laws and liberian law may inhibit third parties from effectuating a change of control of the company without board approval which could result in the entrenchment of current management. these include provisions in our articles of incorporation that prevent third parties, other than a. wilhelmsen as. and cruise associates, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of our outstanding shares without the consent of our board of directors.
31
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations cautionary note concerning forward-looking statements the discussion under this caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" and elsewhere in this document, including, for example, under the "risk factors" and "business" captions, includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995. all statements other than statements of historical fact, including statements regarding guidance (including our expectations for the first quarter and full year of 2016, our earnings and yield estimates for 2016 set forth under the heading "outlook" below and expectations regarding the timing and results of our double-double program), business and industry prospects or future results of operations or financial position, made in this annual report on form 10-k are forward-looking. words such as "anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "goal," "intend," "may," "plan," "project," "seek," "should," "will," and similar expressions are intended to further identify any of these forward-looking statements. forward-looking statements reflect management's current expectations but they are based on judgments and are inherently uncertain. furthermore, they are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from the future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied in those forward-looking statements. examples of these risks, uncertainties and other factors include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this annual report on form 10-k and, in particular, the risks discussed under the caption "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this report.
all forward-looking statements made in this annual report on form 10-k speak only as of the date of this document. given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
overview the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations have been organized to present the following:
•   a review of our critical accounting policies and of our financial presentation, including discussion of certain operational and financial metrics we utilize to assist us in managing our business;
•   a discussion of our results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 and the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to the same period in 2013;
•   a discussion of our business outlook, including our expectations for selected financial items for the first quarter and full year of 2016; and
•   a discussion of our liquidity and capital resources, including our future capital and contractual commitments and potential funding sources.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("gaap"). (refer to note 1. general and note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data). certain of our accounting policies are deemed "critical," as they require management's highest degree of judgment, estimates and assumptions. we have discussed these accounting policies and estimates with the audit committee of our board of directors. we believe our most critical accounting policies are as follows:
ship accounting our ships represent our most significant assets and are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. depreciation of ships is generally computed net of a 15% projected residual value using the straight-line method over the estimated useful life of the asset, which is generally 30 years. the 30-year useful life of our newly constructed ships and 15% associated residual value are both based on the weighted-average of all major components
37
of a ship. our useful life and residual value estimates take into consideration the impact of anticipated technological changes, long-term cruise and vacation market conditions and historical useful lives of similarly-built ships. in addition, we take into consideration our estimates of the weighted-average useful lives of the ships' major component systems, such as hull, superstructure, main electric, engines and cabins. given the very large and complex nature of our ships, our accounting estimates related to ships and determinations of ship improvement costs to be capitalized require considerable judgment and are inherently uncertain. we do not have cost segregation studies performed to specifically componentize our ship systems. therefore, we estimate the costs of component systems based principally on general and technical information known about major ship component systems and their lives and our knowledge of the cruise vacation industry. we do not identify and track depreciation by ship component systems, but instead utilize these estimates to determine the net cost basis of assets replaced or refurbished. improvement costs that we believe add value to our ships are capitalized as additions to the ship and depreciated over the shorter of the improvements' estimated useful lives or that of the associated ship. the estimated cost and accumulated depreciation of replaced or refurbished ship components are written off and any resulting losses are recognized in cruise operating expenses.
we use the deferral method to account for drydocking costs. under the deferral method, drydocking costs incurred are deferred and charged to expense on a straight-line basis over the period to the next scheduled drydock, which we estimate to be a period of thirty to sixty months based on the vessel's age as required by class. deferred drydock costs consist of the costs to drydock the vessel and other costs incurred in connection with the drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification. class certification is necessary in order for our cruise ships to be flagged in a specific country, obtain liability insurance and legally operate as passenger cruise ships. the activities associated with those drydocking costs cannot be performed while the vessel is in service and, as such, are done during a drydock as a planned major maintenance activity. the significant deferred drydock costs consist of hauling and wharfage services provided by the drydock facility, hull inspection and related activities (e.g., scraping, pressure cleaning, bottom painting), maintenance to steering propulsion, thruster equipment and ballast tanks, port services such as tugs, pilotage and line handling, and freight associated with these items. we perform a detailed analysis of the various activities performed for each drydock and only defer those costs that are directly related to planned major maintenance activities necessary to maintain class. the costs deferred are related to activities not otherwise routinely periodically performed to maintain a vessel's designed and intended operating capability. repairs and maintenance activities are charged to expense as incurred.
we use judgment when estimating the period between drydocks, which can result in adjustments to the estimated amortization of drydock costs. if the vessel is disposed of before the next drydock, the remaining balance in deferred drydock is written-off to the gain or loss upon disposal of vessel in the period in which the sale takes place. we also use judgment when identifying costs incurred during a drydock which are necessary to maintain the vessel's class certification as compared to those costs attributable to repairs and maintenance which are expensed as incurred.
we believe we have made reasonable estimates for ship accounting purposes. however, should certain factors or circumstances cause us to revise our estimates of ship useful lives or projected residual values, depreciation expense could be materially higher or lower. if circumstances cause us to change our assumptions in making determinations as to whether ship improvements should be capitalized, the amounts we expense each year as repairs and maintenance costs could increase, partially offset by a decrease in depreciation expense. if we had reduced our estimated average ship useful life by one year, depreciation expense for 2015 would have increased by approximately $66.7 million. if our ships were estimated to have no residual value, depreciation expense for 2015 would have increased by approximately $188.8 million.
valuation of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets and long-lived assets we review goodwill, trademarks and trade names, which are our most significant indefinite-lived intangible assets, for impairment at the reporting unit level annually or, when events or circumstances dictate, more frequently. the impairment review for goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that a reporting unit's fair value is less than its carrying amount, and if necessary, a two-step goodwill impairment test. factors to consider when performing the qualitative assessment include general economic conditions, limitations on accessing capital, changes in forecasted operating results, changes in fuel prices and fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. if the qualitative assessment demonstrates that it is more-likely-than-not that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, it is not necessary to perform the two-step goodwill impairment test. we may elect to
38
bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed directly to step one, for any reporting unit, in any period. on a periodic basis, we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceed to step one to corroborate the results of recent years' qualitative assessments. we can resume the qualitative assessment for any reporting unit in any subsequent period.
when performing the two-step goodwill impairment test, the fair value of the reporting unit is determined and compared to the carrying value of the net assets allocated to the reporting unit. we estimate the fair value of our reporting units using a probability-weighted discounted cash flow model. the estimation of fair value utilizing discounted expected future cash flows includes numerous uncertainties which require our significant judgment when making assumptions of expected revenues, operating costs, marketing, selling and administrative expenses, interest rates, ship additions and retirements as well as assumptions regarding the cruise vacation industry's competitive environment and general economic and business conditions, among other factors. the principal assumptions used in the discounted cash flow model are projected operating results, weighted-average cost of capital, and terminal value. the discounted cash flow model uses our 2016 projected operating results as a base. to that base, we add future years' cash flows assuming multiple revenue and expense scenarios that reflect the impact of different global economic environments beyond 2016 on the reporting unit. we discount the projected cash flows using rates specific to the reporting unit based on its weighted-average cost of capital. if the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis or write-down of goodwill is required. if the fair value of the reporting unit is less than the carrying value of its net assets, the implied fair value of the reporting unit is allocated to all its underlying assets and liabilities, including both recognized and unrecognized tangible and intangible assets, based on their fair value. if necessary, goodwill is then written down to its implied fair value.
the impairment review for indefinite-life intangible assets consists of a comparison of the fair value of the asset with its carrying amount. we estimate the fair value of our indefinite-life intangible assets, which consist of trademarks and trade names related to pullmantur, using a discounted cash flow model and the relief-from-royalty method. the royalty rate used is based on comparable royalty agreements in the tourism and hospitality industry. the discount rate used is comparable to the rate used in valuing the pullmantur reporting unit in our goodwill impairment test. if the carrying amount exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. if the fair value exceeds its carrying amount, the indefinite-life intangible asset is not considered impaired. other intangible assets assigned finite useful lives are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.
we review our ships, aircraft and other long-lived assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate, based on estimated undiscounted future cash flows, that the carrying amount of these assets may not be fully recoverable. we evaluate asset impairment at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. the lowest level for which we maintain identifiable cash flows that are independent of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities is at the ship level for our ships and at the aggregated asset group level for our aircraft. if estimated future cash flows are less than the carrying value of an asset, an impairment charge is recognized to the extent its carrying value exceeds fair value.
we estimate fair value based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. if active markets are not available we base fair value on independent appraisals, sales price negotiations and projected future cash flows discounted at a rate estimated by management to be commensurate with the business risk. quoted market prices are often not available for individual reporting units and for indefinite-life intangible assets. accordingly, we estimate the fair value of a reporting unit and an indefinite-life intangible asset using an expected present value technique.
2015 impairment of pullmantur related assets pullmantur is a brand that historically targeted primarily the spanish and latin american markets. these markets have experienced significant volatility and the brand has adopted various changes to its operating strategy as a result. most recently, in response to favorable economic expectations in latin america, especially brazil, management undertook a positioning of the brand to increase sourcing of guests and to deliver deployment for latin american consumers; transferring newer and more efficient capacity to the brand; and selling pullmantur's non-core businesses to allow the brand to focus on the core cruise business.
however, the latin american resurgence was short lived and the core latin american economies, including brazil, mexico, argentina and venezuela, have regressed and their currencies have materially depreciated versus the
39
us dollar. most notably, the brazilian real devalued by approximately 22% relative to the us dollar during the third quarter of 2015.
in light of the increased challenges facing pullmantur's latin american strategy, we made a decision to significantly change that strategy from growing the brand through vessel transfers to a right-sizing strategy during the third quarter of 2015. this right-sizing strategy includes reducing our exposure to latin america, refocusing on the brand's core market of spain and, consequently, reducing the size of pullmantur's fleet. this strategic change includes a decision to redeploy pullmantur's empress to the royal caribbean international brand as well as a decision to cancel the intended transfer of the majesty of the seas to pullmantur. as we previously disclosed, the planned growth of the pullmantur fleet through the transfer of vessels into the brand has been the most significant assumption within pullmantur's projected cash flows supporting the recoverability of the pullmantur reporting unit's goodwill and trademarks and trade names. our decision to reduce the size of pullmantur's fleet significantly decreases the cash flow projections which have been the basis of our impairment analysis.
as a result of these developments, we performed an interim impairment evaluation of pullmantur's goodwill and trademarks and trade names in connection with the preparation of our financial statements during the quarter ended september 30, 2015.
due to the previously described market conditions and our recent decision to reduce our exposure to latin america, refocus on the brand's core spanish market and reduce the brand's overall capacity, we reviewed the two-step goodwill impairment test based on the updated cash flow projections. as a result of this analysis, we determined that the carrying value of the pullmantur reporting unit exceeded its fair value. similarly, we determined that the carrying value of pullmantur's trademarks and trade names exceeded their fair value as well. accordingly, upon the completion of the two-step impairment test, we recognized impairment charges of $123.8 million and $174.3 million for goodwill and trademark and trade names, respectively, during the quarter ended september 30, 2015. these charges reflected the full carrying amounts of the goodwill and trademark and trade names leaving pullmantur with no intangible assets on its books.
additionally, in conjunction with performing the two-step goodwill impairment test, we identified that the estimated fair value of certain long-lived assets, consisting of two ships and three aircraft, were less than their carrying values. as a result of this determination, we evaluated these assets pursuant to our long-lived asset impairment test. the decision to significantly reduce our exposure to the latin american market negatively impacted the expected undiscounted cash flows of these vessels and aircraft and resulted in an impairment charge of $113.2 million to write down these assets to their estimated fair values during the quarter ended september 30, 2015.
the combined impairment charge of $411.3 million related to pullmantur's goodwill, trademarks and trade names, vessels and aircraft was recognized in earnings during the quarter ended september 30, 2015 and is reported within impairment of pullmantur related assets in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss).
royal caribbean international during the fourth quarter of 2015, we performed our annual impairment review of goodwill for the royal caribbean international reporting unit. we elected to bypass the qualitative assessment and proceeded directly to step one of the two-step goodwill impairment test to corroborate the results of recent years' qualitative assessments. as a result of the test, we determined the fair value of the royal caribbean international reporting unit exceeded its carrying value by approximately 90% resulting in no impairment to royal caribbean international goodwill. as of december 31, 2015, the carrying amount of goodwill attributable to our royal caribbean international reporting unit was $286.8 million.
derivative instruments we enter into various forward, swap and option contracts to manage our interest rate exposure and to limit our exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and fuel prices. these instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value and the vast majority are designated as hedges. we also use non-derivative financial instruments designated as hedges of our net investment in our foreign operations and investments. the fuel options we entered into represent economic hedges which were not designated as hedging instruments for accounting purposes and thus, changes in their fair value were immediately recognized in earnings. although certain of our derivative
40
financial instruments do not qualify or are not accounted for under hedge accounting, we do not hold or issue derivative financial instruments for trading or other speculative purposes. we account for derivative financial instruments in accordance with authoritative guidance. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies and note 14. fair value measurements and derivative instruments to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for more information on related authoritative guidance, the company's hedging programs and derivative financial instruments.
we enter into foreign currency forward contracts and collars, interest rate, cross-currency and fuel swaps and options with third-party institutions in over-the-counter markets. we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate and cross-currency swaps using expected future cash flows based on the instruments' contract terms and published forward prices for foreign currency exchange and interest rates. we apply present value techniques and libor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments.
we estimate the fair value of our foreign currency collars using standard option pricing models with inputs based on the options' contract terms, such as exercise price and maturity, and readily available public market data, such as foreign exchange prices, foreign exchange volatility levels and discount rates.
we estimate the fair value of our fuel swaps using expected future cash flows based on the swaps' contract terms and forward prices. we derive forward prices from forward fuel curves based on pricing inputs provided by third-party institutions that transact in the fuel indices we hedge. we validate these pricing inputs against actual market transactions and published price quotes for similar assets. we apply present value techniques and libor-based discount rates to convert the expected future cash flows to the current fair value of the instruments. we also corroborate our fair value estimates using valuations provided by our counterparties.
we estimate the fair value for our fuel call options based on the prevailing market price for the instruments consisting of published price quotes for similar assets based on recent transactions in an active market.
we adjust the valuation of our derivative financial instruments to incorporate credit risk.
we believe it is unlikely that materially different estimates for the fair value of our foreign currency forward contracts and interest rate, cross-currency and fuel swaps and options would be derived from other appropriate valuation models using similar assumptions, inputs or conditions suggested by actual historical experience.
contingencies-litigation on an ongoing basis, we assess the potential liabilities related to any lawsuits or claims brought against us. while it is typically very difficult to determine the timing and ultimate outcome of such actions, we use our best judgment to determine if it is probable that we will incur an expense related to the settlement or final adjudication of such matters and whether a reasonable estimation of such probable loss, if any, can be made. in assessing probable losses, we take into consideration estimates of the amount of insurance recoveries, if any, which are recorded as assets when recoverability is probable. we accrue a liability when we believe a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. due to the inherent uncertainties related to the eventual outcome of litigation and potential insurance recoveries, it is possible that certain matters may be resolved for amounts materially different from any provisions or disclosures that we have previously made.
seasonality our revenues are seasonal based on demand for cruises. demand is strongest for cruises during the northern hemisphere's summer months and holidays. in order to mitigate the impact of the winter weather in the northern hemisphere and to capitalize on the summer season in the southern hemisphere, our brands have focused on deployment to the caribbean, asia and australia during that period.
41
financial presentation description of certain line items revenues our revenues are comprised of the following:
•   passenger ticket revenues, which consist of revenue recognized from the sale of passenger tickets and the sale of air transportation to and from our ships; and
•   onboard and other revenues, which consist primarily of revenues from the sale of goods and/or services onboard our ships not included in passenger ticket prices, cancellation fees, sales of vacation protection insurance and pre- and post-cruise tours. additionally, revenue related to pullmantur's travel agency network, land-based tours and air charter business to third parties are included in onboard and other revenues through march 31, 2014, the date of the sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses. onboard and other revenues also includes revenues we receive from independent third-party concessionaires that pay us a percentage of their revenues in exchange for the right to provide selected goods and/or services onboard our ships, as well as, revenues received for procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates.
cruise operating expenses our cruise operating expenses are comprised of the following:
•   commissions, transportation and other expenses, which consist of those costs directly associated with passenger ticket revenues, including travel agent commissions, air and other transportation expenses, port costs that vary with passenger head counts and related credit card fees;
•   onboard and other expenses, which consist of the direct costs associated with onboard and other revenues, including the costs of products sold onboard our ships, vacation protection insurance premiums, costs associated with pre- and post-cruise tours and related credit card fees as well as the minimal costs associated with concession revenues, as the costs are mostly incurred by third-party concessionaires, and costs incurred for the procurement and management related services we perform on behalf of our unconsolidated affiliates;
•   payroll and related expenses, which consist of costs for shipboard personnel (costs associated with our shoreside personnel are included in marketing, selling and administrative expenses);
•   food expenses, which include food costs for both guests and crew;
•   fuel expenses, which include fuel and related delivery and storage costs, including the financial impact of fuel swap agreements; and
•   other operating expenses, which consist primarily of operating costs such as repairs and maintenance, port costs that do not vary with passenger head counts, vessel related insurance, entertainment and gains and/or losses related to the sale of our ships, if any. additionally, costs associated with pullmantur's travel agency network, land-based tours and air charter business to third parties are included in other operating expenses through march 31, 2014, the date of the sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses.
we do not allocate payroll and related expenses, food expenses, fuel expenses or other operating expenses to the expense categories attributable to passenger ticket revenues or onboard and other revenues since they are incurred to provide the total cruise vacation experience.
42
selected operational and financial metrics we utilize a variety of operational and financial metrics which are defined below to evaluate our performance and financial condition. as discussed in more detail herein, certain of these metrics are non-gaap financial measures, which we believe provide useful information to investors as a supplement to our consolidated financial statements, which are prepared and presented in accordance with gaap. the presentation of non-gaap financial information is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, the financial information prepared and presented in accordance with gaap.
adjusted earnings per share represents adjusted net income divided by weighted average shares outstanding or by diluted weighted average shares outstanding, as applicable. we believe that this non-gaap measure is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis.
adjusted net income represents net income excluding certain items that we believe adjusting for is meaningful when assessing our performance on a comparative basis. for the periods presented, these items included the impairment of the pullmantur related assets, restructuring and related impairment charges, other costs related to our profitability initiatives, the estimated impact of the divested pullmantur non-core businesses for periods prior to the sales transaction, the loss recognized on the sale of celebrity century, the impact of the change in our voyage proration methodology and the reversal of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance due to spanish tax reform. the estimated impact of the divested pullmantur non-core businesses was arrived at by adjusting the net income (loss) of these businesses for the ownership percentage we retained, as well as, for intercompany transactions that are no longer eliminated in our consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) subsequent to the sales transaction. for the full year 2014, the impact of the voyage proration change represents net income that would have been recognized in 2013 had we recognized revenues and cruise operating expenses on a pro-rata basis for all voyages.
available passenger cruise days ("apcd") is our measurement of capacity and represents double occupancy per cabin multiplied by the number of cruise days for the period. we use this measure to perform capacity and rate analysis to identify our main non-capacity drivers that cause our cruise revenue and expenses to vary.
gross cruise costs represent the sum of total cruise operating expenses plus marketing, selling and administrative expenses.
gross yields represent total revenues per apcd.
net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel represent gross cruise costs excluding commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses and, in the case of net cruise costs excluding fuel, fuel expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). in measuring our ability to control costs in a manner that positively impacts net income, we believe changes in net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel to be the most relevant indicators of our performance. a reconciliation of historical gross cruise costs to net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel is provided below under results of operations. we have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of projected gross cruise costs to projected net cruise costs and projected net cruise costs excluding fuel due to the significant uncertainty in projecting the costs deducted to arrive at these measures. accordingly, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful. for the periods prior to the sale of the pullmantur non-core businesses, net cruise costs excludes the estimated impact of these divested businesses. net cruise costs also excludes initiative costs reported within cruise operating expenses and marketing, selling and administrative expenses, as well as the loss recognized on the sale of celebrity century included within other operating expenses.
net revenues represent total revenues less commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses (each of which is described above under the description of certain line items heading). for the periods prior to the sale of the pullmantur non-core businesses, we have presented net revenues excluding the estimated impact of these divested businesses in the financial tables under results of operations.
net yields represent net revenues per apcd. we utilize net revenues and net yields to manage our business on a day-to-day basis as we believe that it is the most relevant measure of our pricing performance because it reflects the cruise revenues earned by us net of our most significant variable costs, which are commissions, transportation and other expenses and onboard and other expenses. a reconciliation of historical gross yields to net yields is provided
43
below under results of operations. we have not provided a quantitative reconciliation of projected gross yields to projected net yields due to the significant uncertainty in projecting the costs deducted to arrive at this measure. accordingly, we do not believe that reconciling information for such projected figures would be meaningful. for the periods prior to the sale of the pullmantur non-core businesses, net yields excludes the estimated impact of these divested businesses.
occupancy, in accordance with cruise vacation industry practice, is calculated by dividing passenger cruise days by apcd. a percentage in excess of 100% indicates that three or more passengers occupied some cabins.
passenger cruise days represent the number of passengers carried for the period multiplied by the number of days of their respective cruises.
we believe net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel are our most relevant non-gaap financial measures. however, a significant portion of our revenue and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar. because our reporting currency is the united states dollar, the value of these revenues and expenses can be affected by changes in currency exchange rates. although such changes in local currency prices is just one of many elements impacting our revenues and expenses, it can be an important element. for this reason, we also monitor net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel as if the current periods' currency exchange rates had remained constant with the comparable prior periods' rates, or on a "constant currency" basis.
it should be emphasized that constant currency is primarily used for comparing short-term changes and/or projections. changes in guest sourcing and shifting the amount of purchases between currencies can change the impact of the purely currency-based fluctuations.
the use of certain significant non-gaap measures, such as net yields, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel, allows us to perform capacity and rate analysis to separate the impact of known capacity changes from other less predictable changes which affect our business. we believe these non-gaap measures provide expanded insight to measure revenue and cost performance in addition to the standard united states gaap based financial measures. there are no specific rules or regulations for determining non-gaap and constant currency measures, and as such, there exists the possibility that they may not be comparable to other companies within the industry.
44
executive overview the year 2015 marked the second year of our four year double-double program (double-double) and we remain on track to accomplish our goal of doubling 2014 adjusted earnings per share and achieving double-digit return on invested capital by 2017. the company's long term commitment to grow revenue yields, manage costs, and maintain steady capacity growth continues to guide us towards double-double.
our 2015 net income was $665.8 million, or $3.02 per diluted share, compared to $764.1 million, or $3.43 per diluted share, in 2014. net income for 2015 includes a non-cash impairment charge of $399.3 million related to pullmantur's intangible assets and certain long-lived assets. adjusted net income for 2015 was $1.1 billion, or $4.83 per diluted share, compared to $755.7 million, or $3.39 per diluted share, in 2014. the year 2015 was another record year for our company as adjusted earnings grew by more than 40% year-over-year for the second consecutive year. additionally, constant currency net yields increased for the sixth consecutive year.
the company grew 2015 net yields by 3.5% on a constant-currency basis mainly due to the increase in passenger ticket revenues. the delivery of quantum of the seas in late 2014 and her move to china in june 2015 generated record ticket and onboard yields. china was one of our highest yielding products in 2015 despite considerable industry capacity growth, the mers outbreak in south korea and several typhoons. european itineraries also proved to be resilient in spite of the politcal instability in greece, turkey and northern africa. the caribbean began to see improved demand and a more favorable pricing environment beginning in the spring of 2015. in particular, peak summer pricing for caribbean itineraries was particularly strong. on the other hand, the latin american market has experienced significant volatility and the currencies of the core latin american economies have materially depreciated versus the us dollar, negatively impacting our results of operations.
the world's currencies weakening relative to the us dollar had an unfavorable impact on the value of our earnings in foreign currencies and negatively impacted onboard spending for our international markets, except for the asian market, where quantum of the seas had record setting onboard revenue yields in the summer of 2015. as we head into 2016, we continue to focus on our beverage packages, specialty restaurants, internet packages and shore excursions to strengthen our onboard yields.
we remain dedicated to finding efficiencies, identifying synergies and improving costs, while at the same time, focusing on strategic spending by investing in areas that will boost revenue. in 2015, our net cruise costs excluding fuel declined 0.6% for the year compared to 2014. going into 2016, we expect that non-fuel costs will be up slightly for the year as we strategically focus on increasing customer-facing venues and revenue generating technologies, spending 'smart' marketing dollars, growing our business in china and growing our direct business.
due to the weakness in latin america described above, during the third quarter of 2015, we made a decision to significantly change our pullmantur strategy from growing the brand through vessel transfers to a right-sizing strategy. this right-sizing strategy includes reducing our exposure to latin america, refocusing on the brand's core market of spain and reducing the size of pullmantur's fleet. consequently, our change in strategy led to a non-cash impairment charge of $399.3 million, net of a $12.0 million deferred tax benefit, during the third quarter of 2015, primarily related to its goodwill, its trademark and trade names and a reduction in the carrying value of select vessels in the pullmantur fleet.
the company remains focused on improving returns for our shareholders. in september 2015, we announced a 25% dividend increase, followed by our announcement in october 2015 of a $500 million stock repurchase program, including a $200 million accelerated stock repurchase that was completed in november 2015.
for the year 2016, we expect our caribbean capacity will be up slightly due in part to the introduction of a year-round quantum-class ship in the northeast which will augment our two year-round oasis-class ships in south florida. we expect capacity in europe will be up 4% year-over-year for the company as we intend to make a few hardware changes including the debut of harmony of the seas in the second quarter of 2016. the asia pacific region
45
is expected to have a 33% increase in capacity year-over-year primarily due to the debut of ovation of the seas expected in april 2016. we intend to have nine ships in the region in 2016 compared to eight ships in 2015.
additionally, we ordered our fourth and fifth royal caribbean international quantum-class ships for delivery in 2019 and 2020, respectively, and expect delivery of celebrity's two new project edge ships and royal caribbean international's fourth oasis-class ship in 2018, 2020, and 2018, respectively.
in addition to investing in new hardware, we opportunistically evaluate selling or transferring older ships to further optimize our fleet. since 2014, we have engaged in three transactions that are expected to improve our return on invested capital - the sale of celebrity century to a subsidiary of skysea holding, the sale of ocean dream to an unrelated third party and the pending sale of splendour of the seas to tui cruises.
46
results of operations in addition to the items discussed above under "executive overview," significant items for 2015 include:
•   the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket and onboard and other revenue transactions and cruise operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the us dollar resulted in a decrease to total revenues of $384.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 and a decrease to cruise operating expenses of $157.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014;
•   total revenues and total expenses decreased $38.1 million and $40.4 million, respectively, for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 due to sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses in 2014.
•   total revenues, excluding the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the decrease in revenues from the sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses discussed above, increased 8.0% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to the same period in 2014 primarily due to an increase in overall capacity and ticket prices.
•   total cruise operating expenses, excluding the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the decrease in cruise operating expenses from the sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses discussed above, remained consistent for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to the same period in 2014.
•   as of september 30, 2014, we changed our voyage proration methodology and recognized passenger ticket revenues, revenues from onboard and other goods and services and all associated cruise operating costs for all of our uncompleted voyages on a pro-rata basis. the effect of the change is an increase to net income of $53.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
other items
•   in march 2015, we announced the pending sale of splendour of the seas to tui cruises gmbh, our 50%-owned joint venture. the sale for €188 million is scheduled to be completed in april 2016 in order to retain the future revenues to be generated for sailings through that date. after the sale, tui cruises will lease the ship to thomson cruises, a subsidiary of tui ag, which will operate the ship. refer to note 6. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
•   in april 2015, we took delivery of anthem of the seas. to finance the purchase, we borrowed $742.1 million under a previously committed 12-year unsecured term loan, which is 95% guaranteed by hermes. refer to note 7. long-term debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
•   during 2015, we entered into agreements with meyer werft to build the fourth and fifth quantum-class ships for royal caribbean international. additionally, we entered into agreements with stx france to build two ships of a new generation of celebrity cruises ships, known as "project edge." refer to note 15. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
•   in june 2015, we amended and restated our $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility originally due july 2016 and in october 2015, we received increased lender commitments of $300.0 million. additionally, in july 2015, we also amended our $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility due august 2018. at the same time, we amended our $380.0 million, €365.0 million, $290.0 million and $65.0 million unsecured term loans due at various dates from 2016 through 2019. refer to note 7. long-term debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
47
•   in 2015, tui cruises, our 50% joint venture, took delivery of mein schiff 4. also, tui cruises placed orders with meyer turku to build two new ships. the ships will each have a capacity of approximately 2,850 berths and are expected to enter service during each of 2018 and 2019. refer to note 6. other assets to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
we reported total revenues, operating income, net income, adjusted net income, earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share as shown in the following table (in thousands, except per share data):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                      2014                    2013
adjusted net income                                                     $1,065,066                $755,729                $539,224
net income                                                                 665,783                 764,146                 473,692
net adjustments to net income - increase (decrease)                       $399,283                 $(8,417    )            $65,532
adjustments to net income:
impairment of pullmantur related assets (1)                               $399,283                      $-                      $-
restructuring and related impairment charges                                     -                   4,318                  56,946
other initiative costs                                                           -                  21,211                       -
estimated impact of divested businesses prior to sales transaction               -                  11,013                   8,586
loss on sale of ship included within other operating expenses                    -                  17,401                       -
impact of voyage proration change (2)                                            -                 (28,877    )                  -
reversal of a deferred tax valuation allowance                                   -                 (33,483    )                  -
net adjustments to net income - increase (decrease)                       $399,283                 $(8,417    )            $65,532
basic:
earnings per share                                                           $3.03                   $3.45                   $2.16
adjusted earnings per share                                                  $4.85                   $3.41                   $2.46
diluted:
earnings per share                                                           $3.02                   $3.43                   $2.14
adjusted earnings per share                                                  $4.83                   $3.39                   $2.44
weighted-average shares outstanding:
basic                                                                      219,537                 221,658                 219,638
diluted                                                                    220,689                 223,044                 220,941
(1) includes a net deferred income tax benefit of $12.0 million related to the pullmantur impairment.
(2) represents the net income amount that would have been recognized in 2013 had we recognized revenues and cruise operating expenses on a pro-rata basis for all voyages.
48
the following table presents operating results as a percentage of total revenues for the last three years:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                    2014             2013
passenger ticket revenues                         73.0   %         73.0    %        71.9    %
onboard and other revenues                        27.0   %         27.0    %        28.1    %
total revenues                                   100.0   %        100.0    %       100.0    %
cruise operating expenses:
commissions, transportation and other             16.9   %         17.0    %        16.5    %
onboard and other                                  6.7   %          7.2    %         7.1    %
payroll and related                               10.4   %         10.5    %        10.6    %
food                                               5.8   %          5.9    %         5.9    %
fuel                                               9.6   %         11.7    %        11.6    %
other operating                                   12.1   %         13.3    %        14.9    %
total cruise operating expenses                   61.4   %         65.7    %        66.7    %
marketing, selling and administrative expenses    13.1   %         13.0    %        13.1    %
depreciation and amortization expenses            10.0   %          9.6    %         9.5    %
impairment of pullmantur related assets            5.0   %            -    %           -    %
restructuring and related impairment charges         -   %          0.1    %         0.7    %
operating income                                  10.5   %         11.7    %        10.0    %
other expense                                     (2.5   )%        (2.2   )%        (4.1   )%
net income                                         8.0   %          9.5    %         6.0    %
selected statistical information is shown in the following table:
year ended december 31,
2015                                                      2014                   2013
passengers carried       5,401,899              5,149,952              4,884,763
passenger cruise days   38,523,060             36,710,966             35,561,772
apcd                    36,646,639             34,773,915             33,974,852
occupancy                    105.1   %              105.6    %             104.7    %
49
gross yields and net yields were calculated as follows (in thousands, except apcd and yields):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                           2015   2014                    2013
on a constant currency basis passenger ticket revenues                                                   $6,058,821              $6,392,389               $5,893,847              $5,722,718
onboard and other revenues                                                   2,240,253               2,291,067                2,180,008               2,237,176
total revenues                                                               8,299,074               8,683,456                8,073,855               7,959,894
less:
commissions, transportation and other                                        1,400,778               1,471,291                1,372,785               1,314,595
onboard and other                                                              553,104                 576,544                  582,750                 568,615
net revenues including divested businesses                                   6,345,192               6,635,621                6,118,320               6,076,684
less:
net revenues related to divested businesses prior to sales transaction               -                       -                   35,656                 218,350
net revenues                                                                $6,345,192              $6,635,621               $6,082,664              $5,858,334
apcd                                                                        36,646,639              36,646,639               34,773,915              33,974,852
gross yields                                                                   $226.46                 $236.95                  $232.18                 $234.29
net yields                                                                     $173.15                 $181.07                  $174.92                 $172.43
50
gross cruise costs, net cruise costs and net cruise costs excluding fuel were calculated as follows (in thousands, except apcd and costs per apcd):
year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                                                                                    2015 on a   2014                    2013
constant currency basis total cruise operating expenses                                                                                          $5,099,393              $5,257,018                $5,306,281              $5,305,270
marketing, selling and administrative expenses                                                                            1,086,504               1,122,977                 1,048,952               1,044,819
gross cruise costs                                                                                                        6,185,897               6,379,995                 6,355,233               6,350,089
less:
commissions, transportation and other                                                                                     1,400,778               1,471,291                 1,372,785               1,314,595
onboard and other                                                                                                           553,104                 576,544                   582,750                 568,615
net cruise costs including divested businesses                                                                            4,232,015               4,332,160                 4,399,698               4,466,879
less:
net cruise costs related to divested businesses prior to sales transaction                                                        -                       -                    47,854                 224,864
other initiative costs included within cruise operating expenses and marketing, selling and administrative expenses               -                       -                    18,972                       -
loss on sale of ship included within other operating expenses                                                                     -                       -                    17,401                       -
net cruise costs                                                                                                          4,232,015               4,332,160                 4,315,471               4,242,015
less:
fuel                                                                                                                        795,801                 803,289                   947,391                 924,414
net cruise costs excluding fuel                                                                                          $3,436,214              $3,528,871                $3,368,080              $3,317,601
apcd                                                                                                                     36,646,639              36,646,639                34,773,915              33,974,852
gross cruise costs per apcd                                                                                                 $168.80                 $174.09                   $182.76                 $186.91
net cruise costs per apcd                                                                                                   $115.48                 $118.21                   $124.10                 $124.86
net cruise cost excluding fuel per apcd                                                                                      $93.77                  $96.29                    $96.86                  $97.65
51
outlook on february 2, 2016, we announced the following initial full year and first quarter 2016 guidance based on fuel pricing, interest rates and currency exchange rates at that time:
full year 2016
as reported   constant currency net yields                                       flat to up 2.0%        2.0% to 4.0%
net cruise costs per apcd                       (2.5%) to (3.0%)    (2.0%) to (2.5%)
net cruise costs per apcd, excluding fuel           0.5% or less          1% or less capacity increase                                           6.3%
depreciation and amortization               $898 to $908 million interest expense, net                       $282 to $292 million fuel consumption (metric tons)                         1,409,000
fuel expenses                                       $716 million percent hedged (fwd consumption)                             66%
impact of 10% change in fuel prices                  $12 million adjusted earnings per share - diluted             $5.90 to $6.10
first quarter 2016
as reported   constant currency net yields                                          approx. 0.5%   approx. 4.0%
net cruise costs per apcd                           0.5% or less   1.0% to 1.5%
net cruise costs per apcd, excluding fuel           3.5% to 4.0%   4.5% to 5.0%
capacity increase                                           5.0%
depreciation and amortization               $205 to $215 million interest expense, net                         $58 to $68 million fuel consumption (metric tons)                           341,000
fuel expenses                                       $185 million percent hedged (fwd consumption)                             70%
impact of 10% change in fuel prices                 $2.8 million adjusted earnings per share - diluted              approx. $0.30
since our earnings release on february 2, 2016, bookings have remained encouraging and consistent with our previous expectations. accordingly, our forecast has remained essentially unchanged.
volatility in foreign currency exchange rates affects the us dollar value of our earnings. based on our highest net exposure for each quarter and the full year 2016, the top five foreign currencies are ranked below. for example, the australian dollar is the most impactful currency in the first and fourth quarters of 2016. rankings are based on estimated net exposures.
ranking   q1    q2    q3    q4    fy 2016
1   aud   gbp   cny   aud   gbp
2   cad   cny   gbp   gbp   cny
3   gbp   aud   eur   cny   aud
4   brl   cad   cad   cad   cad
5   cny   mxn   hkd   sgd   eur
52
the currency abbreviations above are defined as follows:
currency abbreviation   currency aud                     australian dollar brl                     brazilian real cad                     canadian dollar cny                     chinese yuan eur                     euro gbp                     british pound hkd                     hong kong dollar mxn                     mexican peso sgd                     singapore dollar year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
in this section, references to 2015 refer to the year ended december 31, 2015 and references to 2014 refer to the year ended december 31, 2014.
revenues total revenues for 2015 increased $225.2 million, or 2.8%, to $8.3 billion from $8.1 billion in 2014.
passenger ticket revenues comprised 73.0% of our 2015 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $165.0 million, or 2.8%, to $6.1 billion in 2015 from $5.9 billion in 2014. the increase was primarily due to:
•   a 5.4% increase in capacity, which increased passenger ticket revenues by $317.4 million, net of the unfavorable impact of the change in our voyage proration. the increase in capacity was primarily due to the addition of anthem of the seas and quantum of the seas which entered service in april 2015 and october 2014, respectively; and
•   an increase of $181.1 million in ticket prices driven by higher pricing on anthem of the seas and quantum of the seas as well as higher pricing on europe, alaska and caribbean sailings.
the increase in passenger ticket revenues was partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the us dollar of approximately $333.6 million.
the remaining 27.0% of 2015 total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which increased $60.2 million, or 2.8%. the increase in onboard and other revenues was primarily due to:
•   a $111.3 million increase attributable to the 5.4% increase in capacity noted above, net of the unfavorable impact of the change in our voyage proration; and
•   a $35.5 million increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our ship upgrade programs and other revenue enhancing initiatives, including various beverage initiatives, the addition and promotion of specialty restaurants, the increased revenue associated with internet and other telecommunication services and other onboard activities.
the increase was partially offset by:
•   an approximate $50.8 million unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our onboard and other revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the us dollar; and
53
•   a $38.1 million decrease in revenues related to pullmantur's non-core businesses that were sold in 2014.
onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $327.1 million in 2015 and $324.3 million in 2014.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses for 2015 decreased $206.9 million, or 3.9%, to $5.1 billion in 2015 from $5.3 billion in 2014. the decrease was primarily due to:
•   a $195.1 million decrease in fuel expense, excluding the impact of the increase in capacity. our cost of fuel (net of the financial impact of fuel swap agreements) for 2015 decreased 16.0% per metric ton compared to 2014;
•   an approximate $157.6 million favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the us dollar;
•   a $40.4 million decrease in expenses related to pullmantur's non-core businesses that were sold in 2014;
•   a $24.6 million decrease in shore excursion expense attributable to lower contractual costs incurred and itinerary changes;
•   a $19.4 million decrease in lease expense due to the lease termination and purchase of brilliance of the seas in 2014; and
•   a $17.4 million loss incurred in 2014 due to the sale of celebrity century that did not recur in 2015.
the decrease was partially offset by a $276.7 million increase attributable to a 5.4% increase in capacity noted above, net of the favorable impact of the change in our voyage proration.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2015 increased $37.6 million, or 3.6%. the increase was primarily due to an increase in advertising spending mainly relating to our initiatives in the north american, australian and asian markets, an increase in payroll and benefits primarily due to an increase in our stock price over the past year related to our performance share awards and higher it labor costs resulting from the addition of projects and initiatives in 2015. the increase was partially offset by a decrease in administrative expenses mainly driven by the sale of pullmantur's non-core businesses in 2014 and savings realized from our cost containment initiatives.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2015 increased $54.6 million, or 7.1%, to $827.0 million from $772.4 million in 2014. the increase was primarily due to the addition of quantum of the seas and anthem of the seas into our fleet, new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade projects and the acquisition of the brilliance of the seas, which was previously under lease, partially offset by the sale of celebrity century in september 2014.
impairment of pullmantur related assets during 2015, we recognized an impairment charge of $411.3 million to write down pullmantur's goodwill to its implied fair value and to write down trademarks and trade names and certain long-lived assets, consisting of three aircraft owned by pullmantur and two ships owned and operated by pullmantur, to their fair value. refer to note 3. goodwill and note 4. intangible assets to our consolidated financial statements for further information on the impairment of these assets.
54
restructuring and related impairment charges we incurred restructuring charges of approximately $4.3 million in 2014, which did not recur in 2015.
other income (expense)
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, increased $19.4 million, or 7.5%, to $277.7 million in 2015 from $258.3 million in 2014. the increase was primarily due to a higher average debt level attributable to the financing of quantum of the seas and anthem of the seas, partially offset by lower pricing on debt refinanced in 2015 and 2014.
other income in 2015 was $56.6 million compared to $70.2 million in 2014. the decrease in income of $13.7 million was primarily due to a $33.5 million tax benefit related to the reversal of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance resulting from spanish tax reform in 2014, which did not recur in 2015 and $20.9 million in foreign exchange losses from the remeasurement of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currency in 2015 compared to $0.9 million in gains in 2014. the decrease in other income was partially offset by income of $81.0 million from our equity method investments in 2015 compared to income of $51.6 million in 2014 and a net deferred tax benefit of $12.0 million resulting from the impairment of the pullmantur related assets in 2015, which did not occur in 2014.
net yields net yields decreased 1.0% in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our passenger ticket revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the us dollar noted above. net yields increased 3.5% in 2015 compared to 2014 on a constant currency basis primarily due to the increase in passenger ticket and onboard and other revenues discussed above.
net cruise costs net cruise costs decreased 1.9% in 2015 compared to 2014 primarily due to the decrease in fuel and the favorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our cruise operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the us dollar, partially offset by an increase in capacity. net cruise costs per apcd decreased 6.9% in 2015 compared to 2014. net cruise costs per apcd on a constant currency basis decreased 4.7% in 2015 compared to 2014.
net cruise costs excluding fuel net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd decreased 3.2% in 2015 compared to 2014 and remained consistent in 2015 compared to 2014 on a constant currency basis.
other comprehensive loss other comprehensive loss decreased by $471.2 million in 2015 compared to 2014 due to a $463.3 million decrease in losses mostly on cash flow derivative hedges resulting from the settlement of fuel cash flow hedges in a loss position during 2015.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
in this section, references to 2014 refer to the year ended december 31, 2014 and references to 2013 refer to the year ended december 31, 2013.
revenues total revenues for 2014 increased $114.0 million, or 1.4%, to $8.1 billion from $8.0 billion in 2013.
55
passenger ticket revenues comprised 73.0% of our 2014 total revenues. passenger ticket revenues increased by $171.1 million, or 3.0%, to $5.9 billion in 2014 from $5.7 billion in 2013. the increase was primarily due to:
•   a 2.4% increase in capacity, which increased passenger ticket revenues by $134.6 million. the increase in capacity was primarily due to the addition of quantum of the seas which entered service in october 2014 and the transfer of monarch of the seas to pullmantur in april 2013 reducing capacity in 2013 due to the two-month lag further discussed in note 1. general to our consolidated financial statements. passenger ticket revenues also includes the impact of the change in our voyage proration methodology; and
•   an increase in ticket prices driven by greater demand for close-in european and asian sailings, which was partially offset by a decrease in ticket prices for caribbean sailings, all of which contributed to a $99.1 million increase in passenger ticket revenues.
the increase in passenger ticket revenues was partially offset by the unfavorable effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates related to our revenue transactions denominated in currencies other than the united states dollar of approximately $62.5 million.
the remaining 27.0% of 2014 total revenues was comprised of onboard and other revenues, which decreased $57.2 million, or 2.6%. the decrease in onboard and other revenues was primarily due to a $177.2 million decrease in revenues related to pullmantur's non-core businesses that were sold in 2014. the decrease was partially offset by:
•   a $45.5 million increase in onboard revenue attributable to higher spending on a per passenger basis primarily due to our ship upgrade programs and other revenue enhancing initiatives, including various beverage initiatives, the addition and promotion of specialty restaurants, the increased revenue associated with internet and other telecommunication services and other onboard activities;
•   a $46.0 million increase attributable to the 2.4% increase in capacity noted above, which includes the impact of the change in our voyage proration; and
•   a $28.7 million increase in other revenue of which the largest driver is attributable to an out-of-period adjustment of approximately $13.9 million that was recorded in 2013 to correct the calculation of our liability for our credit card rewards program.
onboard and other revenues included concession revenues of $324.3 million in 2014 and $316.3 million in 2013.
cruise operating expenses total cruise operating expenses for 2014 increased $1.0 million. the increase was primarily due to:
•   a $119.4 million increase attributable to the 2.4% increase in capacity noted above, which includes the impact of the change in our voyage proration methodology;
•   a $37.8 million increase in head taxes mainly attributable to itinerary changes;
•   the loss recognized on the sale of celebrity century of $17.4 million; and
•   a $12.5 million increase primarily attributable to vessel maintenance due to the timing of scheduled drydocks.
the increase was offset by:
•   a $138.0 million decrease in expenses related to pullmantur's non-core businesses that were sold in 2014;
•   a $16.3 million decrease in commissions expense attributable to shifts in our distribution channels; and
56
•   a $15.0 million decrease in shore excursion expense attributable to itinerary changes and lower costs incurred.
marketing, selling and administrative expenses marketing, selling and administrative expenses for 2014 increased $4.1 million, or 0.4%. the increase was primarily due to an increase in other costs associated with our restructuring activities. refer to note 16. restructuring and related impairment charges to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our restructuring activities.
depreciation and amortization expenses depreciation and amortization expenses for 2014 increased $17.7 million or 2.3% to $772.4 million from $754.7 million in 2013. the increase was primarily driven by new shipboard additions associated with our ship upgrade programs, the addition of our new reservations pricing engine in december of 2013 and the addition of quantum of the seas which entered service in october 2014.
restructuring and related impairment charges we incurred restructuring and related impairment charges of approximately $4.3 million in 2014 compared to $56.9 million in 2013. in 2013, we recognized an impairment charge of $33.5 million to write down the assets held for sale related to the pullmantur businesses and to write down certain long-lived assets, consisting of three aircraft that were then owned and operated by pullmantur air, to their fair value which did not recur in 2014. refer to note 16. restructuring and related impairment charges to our consolidated financial statements for further information on our restructuring activities.
other income (expense)
interest expense, net of interest capitalized, decreased $74.1 million, or 22.3%, to $258.3 million in 2014 from $332.4 million in 2013. the decrease was due to lower interest rates and, to a lesser extent, a lower average debt level.
other income in 2014 was $70.2 million compared to other expense of $1.7 million in 2013. the increase in income of $72.0 million was primarily due to a $33.5 million tax benefit related to the reversal of a deferred tax asset valuation allowance resulting from spanish tax reform, ineffectiveness gains of $11.5 million from our interest rate swap agreements compared to ineffectiveness losses of $7.3 million in 2013 and to income of $51.6 million from our equity method investments in 2014 compared to income of $32.0 million in 2013.
extinguishment of unsecured senior notes decreased $4.2 million in 2014 compared to the same period in 2013 as we did not repurchase any unsecured notes in 2014.
net yields net yields increased 1.4% in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the increase in passenger ticket revenues noted above. net yields increased 2.4% in 2014 compared to 2013 on a constant currency basis.
net cruise costs net cruise costs increased 1.7% in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the increase in capacity noted above. net cruise costs per apcd and net cruise costs per apcd on a constant currency basis remained consistent compared to 2013.
net cruise costs excluding fuel net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd decreased 0.8% in 2014 compared to 2013. net cruise costs excluding fuel per apcd on a constant currency basis for 2014 remained consistent compared to 2013.
other comprehensive (loss) income
57
other comprehensive loss in 2014 was $902.7 million compared to other comprehensive income of $140.2 million in 2013 of which the largest driver was the loss recognized in our cash flow derivative hedges in 2014. loss on cash flow derivative hedges in 2014 was $869.4 million compared to a gain on cash flow derivative hedges of $127.8 million in 2013. the change of $997.2 million was primarily due to a decrease in fuel and euro forward rates during 2014 compared to 2013.
future application of accounting standards refer to note 2. summary of significant accounting policies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on recent accounting pronouncements.
liquidity and capital resources sources and uses of cash cash flow generated from operations provides us with a significant source of liquidity. net cash provided by operating activities increased $202.6 million to $1.9 billion for 2015 compared to $1.7 billion for 2014. the increase in cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to a $129.4 million increase in cash receipts from customer deposits, a $66.3 million increase in cash receipts from onboard spending and a decrease in fuel costs and interest paid in 2015 compared to the same period in 2014.
net cash provided by operating activities increased $331.7 million to $1.7 billion for 2014 compared to $1.4 billion for 2013. the increase was primarily due to a decrease in interest paid in 2014 compared to 2013 and the timing of proceeds from accounts receivable and payments to vendors in 2014.
net cash used in investing activities decreased $27.4 million in 2015 compared to 2014. during 2015, our use of cash was primarily related to capital expenditures of $1.6 billion, down from $1.8 billion in 2014. the decrease in capital expenditures during 2015 was primarily attributable to the purchase of brilliance of the seas in 2014. the decrease in cash used in investing activities was also due to a decrease in investments in and loans to unconsolidated affiliates of $132.4 million in 2015 compared to 2014 and an increase in cash received on loans to unconsolidated affiliates of $48.1 million in 2015 compared to 2014. the decrease was partially offset by $220.0 million of proceeds received from the sale of celebrity century in 2014 that did not recur in 2015. additionally, there was an increase in cash paid on the settlement of derivative financial instruments of $110.5 million.
net cash used in investing activities was $1.8 billion for 2014 compared to $824.5 million for 2013. the increase was primarily attributable to an increase in capital expenditures of $1.0 billion in 2014 compared to 2013 primarily due to the delivery of quantum of the seas and the purchase of brilliance of the seas in 2014. additionally, there was an increase in investments in and loans to unconsolidated affiliates of $118.0 million and an increase in cash paid on the settlement of derivative financial instruments of $50.8 million. these cash outlays were partially offset by cash received of $220.0 million in 2014 for the sale of celebrity century which did not occur in 2013 and a $52.8 million increase in cash received from repayments of a loan to an unconsolidated affiliate in 2014 compared to 2013.
net cash used in financing activities was $253.5 million for 2015 compared to net cash provided by financing activities of  $17.5 million in 2014. this change was primarily due to an increase of $394.3 million in repayment of debt, an increase of dividends paid of $81.3 million and a decrease in the proceeds from the exercise of common stock options of $59.6 million. the increase in cash used in financing activities is partially offset by a $245.5 million increase in debt proceeds and a $36.1 million decrease in the repurchase of treasury stock. the increase in repayment of debt was due to higher payments of $1.1 billion on our revolving credit facilities and a payment at maturity of $279.0 million on our 11.875% unsecured senior notes during 2015 compared to the payment at maturity of our €745.0 million 5.625% unsecured senior notes during 2014. the increase in debt proceeds was primarily due to the $742.1 million unsecured term loan borrowed to finance the purchase of anthem of the seas and higher drawings of $706.0 million on our revolving credit facilities in 2015 compared to proceeds received on an unsecured term loan of $791.1 million due to
58
the delivery of quantum of the seas and proceeds received on our $380.0 million unsecured term loan facility during 2014.
net cash provided by financing activities was $17.5 million for 2014 compared to net cash used in financing activities of $576.6 million for 2013. this change was primarily due to a $1.7 billion increase in debt proceeds and a $40.8 million increase in the proceeds from the exercise of common stock options, partially offset by the repurchase of treasury stock of $236.1 million, an increase of $867.7 million in repayments of debt and an increase of dividends paid of $55.3 million. the increase in repayments of debt and proceeds from the issuance of debt was primarily due to proceeds received from an unsecured term loan of $791.1 million due to the delivery of quantum of the seas in 2014, a higher level of bond maturities and higher drawings and repayments on our revolving credit facilities.
future capital commitments our future capital commitments consist primarily of new ship orders. as of december 31, 2015, we have three quantum-class ships and two oasis-class ships on order for our royal caribbean international brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 23,350 berths. additionally, we have two "project edge" ships on order for our celebrity cruises brand with an aggregate capacity of approximately 5,800 berths.
as of december 31, 2015, the aggregate cost of our ships on order, not including the tui cruises' ships on order, was approximately $7.8 billion, of which we had deposited $546.5 million as of such date. approximately 58.2% of the aggregate cost was exposed to fluctuations in the euro exchange rate at december 31, 2015. (refer to note 14. fair value measurements and derivative instruments and note 15. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data).
as of december 31, 2015, anticipated overall capital expenditures, based on our existing ships on order, are approximately $2.4 billion for 2016, $0.5 billion for 2017, $2.5 billion for 2018 and $1.4 billion for 2019.
contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015, our contractual obligations were as follows (in thousands):
payments due by period less than                     1-3                     3-5                 more than total                    1 year                   years                   years                   5 years operating activities:
operating lease obligations(1)        $226,516                 $22,229                   $34,207                 $23,129                $146,951
interest on long-term debt(2)        1,212,044                 246,831                   392,463                 253,391                 319,359
other(3)                               832,789                 207,311                   292,492                 238,262                  94,724
investing activities:                        0
ship purchase obligations(4)         5,505,728               1,640,196                 1,763,274               2,102,258                       -
financing activities:                        0
long-term debt obligations(5)        8,618,284                 891,357                 3,180,092               2,086,258               2,460,577
capital lease obligations(6)            48,771                   8,320                    10,521                   7,371                  22,559
other(7)                                72,734                  20,918                    33,236                  16,466                   2,114
total                              $16,516,866              $3,037,162                $5,706,285              $4,727,135              $3,046,284
_______________________________________________________________________________
(1)     we are obligated under noncancelable operating leases primarily for offices, warehouses and motor vehicles. amounts represent contractual obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(2)      long-term debt obligations mature at various dates through fiscal year 2027 and bear interest at fixed and variable rates. interest on variable-rate debt is calculated based on forecasted debt balances, including the impact of interest rate swap agreements, using the
59
applicable rate at december 31, 2015. debt denominated in other currencies is calculated based on the applicable exchange rate at december 31, 2015.
(3)      amounts primarily represent future commitments with remaining terms in excess of one year to pay for our usage of certain port facilities, marine consumables, services and maintenance contracts.
(4)     amounts do not include potential obligations which remain subject to cancellation at our sole discretion.
(5)     amounts represent debt obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(6)     amounts represent capital lease obligations with initial terms in excess of one year.
(7)     amounts represent fees payable to sovereign guarantors in connection with certain of our export credit debt facilities and facility fees on our revolving credit facilities.
please refer to funding needs and sources for discussion on the planned funding of the above contractual obligations.
as a normal part of our business, depending on market conditions, pricing and our overall growth strategy, we continuously consider opportunities to enter into contracts for the building of additional ships. we may also consider the sale of ships or the purchase of existing ships. we continuously consider potential acquisitions and strategic alliances. if any of these were to occur, they would be financed through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the issuance of additional shares of equity securities or through cash flows from operations.
off-balance sheet arrangements we and tui ag have each guaranteed repayment of 50% of a bank loan provided to tui cruises which is due 2022. notwithstanding this, the lenders have agreed to release each shareholder's guarantee in 2018. as of december 31, 2015, €137.4 million, or approximately $149.4 million based on the exchange rate at december 31, 2015, remains outstanding. based on current facts and circumstances, we do not believe potential obligations under this guarantee are probable.
tui cruises entered into various ship construction and credit agreements that include certain restrictions on each of our and tui ag's ability to reduce our current ownership interest in tui cruises below 37.55% through 2021.
some of the contracts that we enter into include indemnification provisions that obligate us to make payments to the counterparty if certain events occur. these contingencies generally relate to changes in taxes, increased lender capital costs and other similar costs. the indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms and are entered into in the normal course of business. there are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and we are not able to estimate the maximum potential amount of future payments, if any, under these indemnification clauses. we have not been required to make any payments under such indemnification clauses in the past and, under current circumstances, we do not believe an indemnification obligation is probable.
other than the items described above, we are not party to any other off-balance sheet arrangements, including guarantee contracts, retained or contingent interest, certain derivative instruments and variable interest entities, that either have, or are reasonably likely to have, a current or future material effect on our financial position.
funding needs and sources we have significant contractual obligations of which our debt service obligations and the capital expenditures associated with our ship purchases represent our largest funding needs. as of december 31, 2015, we have approximately $3.0 billion in contractual obligations due through december 31, 2016 of which approximately $891.4 million relates to debt maturities, $1.6 billion relates to the acquisition of harmony of the seas and ovation of the seas along with progress payments on our other ship purchases and $246.8 million relates to interest on long-term debt. we have historically relied on a combination of cash flows provided by operations, drawdowns under our available credit facilities, the incurrence of additional debt and/or the refinancing of our existing debt and the issuance of additional shares of equity securities to fund these obligations.
as of december 31, 2015, we have on order three quantum-class ships and two oasis-class ships for our royal caribbean international brand and we have two "project edge" ships on order for our celebrity cruises brand all of which has committed unsecured bank financing arrangements which include sovereign financing guarantees. refer to note 15. commitments and contingencies to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
60
we had a working capital deficit of $3.5 billion as of december 31, 2015 as compared to a working capital deficit of $3.0 billion as of december 31, 2014. included within our working capital deficit is $899.7 million and $799.6 million of current portion of long-term debt, including capital leases, as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. the increase in working capital deficit was primarily due to the increase in current liabilities of our foreign currency forward contracts and long-term debt. similar to others in our industry, we operate with a substantial working capital deficit. this deficit is mainly attributable to the fact that, under our business model, a vast majority of our passenger ticket receipts are collected in advance of the applicable sailing date. these advance passenger receipts remain a current liability until the sailing date. the cash generated from these advance receipts is used interchangeably with cash on hand from other sources, such as our revolving credit facilities and other cash from operations. the cash received as advanced receipts can be used to fund operating expenses for the applicable future sailing or otherwise, pay down our revolving credit facilities, invest in long term investments or any other use of cash. in addition, we have a relatively low-level of accounts receivable and rapid turnover results in a limited investment in inventories. we generate substantial cash flows from operations and our business model, along with our unsecured revolving credit facilities, has historically allowed us to maintain this working capital deficit and still meet our operating, investing and financing needs. we expect that we will continue to have working capital deficits in the future.
in order to improve our liquidity and take advantage of lower interest costs, in june 2015, we amended and restated our $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility due july 2016. the amendment reduced the applicable margin and facility fee and extended the termination date to june 2020. furthermore, in october 2015, we received increased lender commitments in the amount of $300.0 million, bringing our total capacity under this facility to $1.4 billion. additionally, in july 2015, we amended our $1.2 billion unsecured revolving credit facility due august 2018 to reduce pricing in line with the pricing of the $1.1 billion unsecured revolving credit facility amended in june 2015. at the same time, we also amended our $380.0 million, €365.0 million, $290.0 million and $65.0 million unsecured term loans due at various dates from 2016 through 2019 to reduce the applicable margins, now each 1.75% based on our current debt rating. we also extended the termination date of the $290 million unsecured term loan from february 2016 to february 2018. refer to note 7. long-term debt to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information.
as of december 31, 2015, we had liquidity of $859.6 million, consisting of approximately $121.6 million in cash and cash equivalents and $738.0 million available under our unsecured credit facilities. we anticipate that our cash flows from operations and our current financing arrangements, as described above, will be adequate to meet our capital expenditures and debt repayments over the next twelve-month period.
during the fourth quarter of 2015, under a $500 million authorized common stock repurchase program, we purchased a total of $200 million of our common stock through an asr transaction. during february 2016, we purchased a total of $150 million of our common stock through open market transactions. the remaining $150 million of stock repurchases could include additional open market purchases or accelerated share repurchases. we expect to complete the program by the end of 2016. repurchases under the program are expected to be funded from available cash or borrowings under our revolving credit facilities. refer to note 8. shareholders' equity to our consolidated financial statements under item 8. financial statements and supplementary data for further information on the asr transaction.
if (i) any person other than a. wilhelmsen as. and cruise associates and their respective affiliates (the "applicable group") acquires ownership of more than 33% of our common stock and the applicable group owns less of our common stock than such person, or (ii) subject to certain exceptions, during any 24-month period, a majority of the board is no longer comprised of individuals who were members of the board on the first day of such period, we may be obligated to prepay indebtedness outstanding under our ship financing facilities, which we may be unable to replace on similar terms. our other debt agreements also contain change of control provisions that would be triggered by the acquisition of greater than 50% of our common stock by (i) any person or (ii) in the case of our public debt securities, by a person other than a member of the applicable group coupled with a ratings downgrade. if this were to occur, it would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and operations.
debt covenants
61
certain of our financing agreements contain financial covenants that require us, among other things, to maintain minimum net worth of at least $6.6 billion, a fixed charge coverage ratio of at least 1.25x and limit our net debt-to-capital ratio to no more than 62.5%. the fixed charge coverage ratio is calculated by dividing net cash from operations for the past four quarters by the sum of dividend payments plus scheduled principal debt payments in excess of any new financings for the past four quarters. our minimum net worth and maximum net debt-to-capital calculations exclude the impact of accumulated other comprehensive loss on total shareholders' equity. we are well in excess of all financial covenant requirements as of december 31, 2015. the specific covenants and related definitions can be found in the applicable debt agreements, the majority of which have been previously filed with the securities and exchange commission.
dividends in december 2015, we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.375 per share which was paid in the first quarter of 2016. we declared a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.375 per share during the third quarter of 2015 which was paid in the fourth quarter of 2015. during the first and second quarters of 2015, we declared and paid a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.30 per share. during the first quarter of 2015, we also paid a cash dividend on our common stock of $0.30 per share which was declared during the fourth quarter of 2014.
62
