item 1a. risk factors risk factors related to our industry and real estate investments a shift in retail shopping from brick and mortar stores to internet sales may have an adverse impact on our revenues and cash flow.
many retailers operating brick and mortar stores have made internet sales a vital piece of their business. although many of the retailers in our shopping centers either provide services or sell groceries, such that their customer base does not have a tendency toward online shopping, the shift to internet sales may adversely impact our retail tenants' sales causing those retailers to adjust the size or number of retail locations in the future. this shift could adversely impact our occupancy and rental rates, which would impact our revenues and cash flows.
downturns in the retail industry likely will have a direct adverse impact on our revenues and cash flow.
our properties consist primarily of grocery-anchored shopping centers. our performance therefore is generally linked to economic conditions in the market for retail space. the market for retail space could be adversely affected by any of the following:
•   weakness in the national, regional and local economies, which could adversely impact consumer spending and retail sales and in turn tenant demand for space and lead to increased store closings;
•   adverse financial conditions for grocery and retail anchors;
•   continued consolidation in the retail sector;
•   excess amount of retail space in our markets;
•   reduction in the demand by tenants to occupy our shopping centers as a result of reduced consumer demand for certain retail categories;
•   the growth of super-centers and warehouse club retailers, such as those operated by wal-mart and costco, and their adverse effect on traditional grocery chains;
•   the impact of changing energy costs on consumers and its consequential effect on retail spending; and
•   consequences of any armed conflict involving, or terrorist attack against, the united states.
to the extent that any of these conditions occur, they are likely to impact market rents for retail space, occupancy in the operating portfolios, our ability to sell, acquire or develop properties, and our cash available for distributions to stock and unit holders.
our revenues and cash flow could be adversely affected if economic or market conditions deteriorate where our properties are geographically concentrated, which may impede our ability to generate sufficient income to pay expenses and maintain our properties.
the economic conditions in markets in which our properties are concentrated greatly influence our financial performance. during the year ended december 31, 2015, our properties in california, florida, and texas accounted for 30.4%, 12.1%, and 10.3%, respectively, of our net operating income from consolidated properties plus our pro-rata share from unconsolidated properties ("pro-rata basis"). our revenues and cash available to pay expenses, maintain our properties, and for distributions to stock and unit holders could be adversely affected by this geographic concentration if market conditions, such as supply of or demand for retail space, deteriorate in california, florida, or texas relative to other geographic areas.
our success depends on the success and continued presence of our "anchor" tenants.
anchor tenants (those occupying 10,000 square feet or more) occupy large amounts of square footage, pay a significant portion of the total rents at a property and contribute to the success of other tenants by drawing significant numbers of customers to a property. we derive significant revenues from anchor tenants such as kroger, publix, and albertsons/safeway, who accounted for 4.7%, 3.7%, and 2.9%, respectively, of our total annualized base rent on a pro-rata basis, for the year ended december 31, 2015. our net income could be adversely affected by the loss of revenues in the event a significant tenant:
•   becomes bankrupt or insolvent;
•   experiences a downturn in its business;
•   materially defaults on its leases;
•   does not renew its leases as they expire; or
•   renews at lower rental rates.
5
some anchors have the right to vacate and prevent re-tenanting by paying rent for the balance of the lease term. vacated anchor space, including space owned by the anchor, can reduce rental revenues generated by the shopping center because of the loss of the departed anchor tenant's customer drawing power. if a significant tenant vacates a property, co-tenancy clauses in select centers may allow other tenants to modify or terminate their rent or lease obligations. co-tenancy clauses have several variants: they may allow a tenant to postpone a store opening if certain other tenants fail to open their stores; they may allow a tenant to close its store prior to lease expiration if another tenant closes its store prior to lease expiration; or more commonly, they may allow a tenant to pay reduced levels of rent until a certain number of tenants open their stores within the same shopping center.
a significant percentage of our revenues are derived from smaller shop tenants and our net income could be adversely impacted if our smaller shop tenants are not successful.
a significant percentage of our revenues are derived from smaller shop tenants (those occupying less than 10,000 square feet). smaller shop tenants may be more vulnerable to negative economic conditions as they have more limited resources than larger tenants. such tenants continue to face increasing competition from non-store retailers and growing e-commerce. in addition, some of these retailers may seek to reduce their store sizes as they increasingly rely on alternative distribution channels, including internet sales, and adjust their square footage needs accordingly. the types of smaller shop tenants vary from retail shops to service providers. if we are unable to attract the right type or mix of smaller shop tenants into our centers, our net income could be adversely impacted.
we may be unable to collect balances due from tenants in bankruptcy.
although minimum rent is supported by long-term lease contracts, tenants who file bankruptcy have the legal right to reject any or all of their leases and close related stores. in the event that a tenant with a significant number of leases in our shopping centers files bankruptcy and rejects its leases, we could experience a significant reduction in our revenues and may not be able to collect all pre-petition amounts owed by that party.
our real estate assets may be subject to impairment charges.
our long-lived assets, primarily real estate held for investment, are carried at cost unless circumstances indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. we evaluate whether there are any indicators, including property operating performance and general market conditions, that the value of the real estate properties (including any related amortizable intangible assets or liabilities) may not be recoverable. through the evaluation, we compare the current carrying value of the asset to the estimated undiscounted cash flows that are directly associated with the use and ultimate disposition of the asset. our estimated cash flows are based on several key assumptions, including rental rates, costs of tenant improvements, leasing commissions, anticipated holding periods, and assumptions regarding the residual value upon disposition, including the exit capitalization rate. these key assumptions are subjective in nature and could differ materially from actual results. changes in our disposition strategy or changes in the marketplace may alter the holding period of an asset or asset group, which may result in an impairment loss and such loss could be material to the company's financial condition or operating performance. to the extent that the carrying value of the asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess of carrying value over fair value.
the fair value of real estate assets is subjective and is determined through comparable sales information and other market data if available, or through use of an income approach such as the direct capitalization method or the traditional discounted cash flow approach. such cash flow projections consider factors, including expected future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors, and therefore are subject to management judgment. changes in those factors could impact the determination of fair value. in estimating the fair value of undeveloped land, we generally use market data and comparable sales information.
these subjective assessments have a direct impact on our net income because recording an impairment charge results in an immediate negative adjustment to net income. there can be no assurance that we will not take additional charges in the future related to the impairment of our assets. any future impairment could have a material adverse effect on our net income in the period in which the charge is taken.
adverse global market and economic conditions could cause us to recognize impairment charges or otherwise harm our performance.
we are unable to predict the timing, severity, and length of adverse market and economic conditions. adverse market and economic conditions may impede our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flow to pay expenses, maintain properties, pay distributions to our stock and unit holders, and refinance debt. during adverse periods, there may be significant uncertainty in the valuation of our properties and investments that could result in a substantial decrease in their value. no
6
assurance can be given that we would be able to recover the current carrying amount of all of our properties and investments in the future. our failure to do so would require us to recognize impairment charges for the period in which we reached that conclusion, which could materially and adversely affect us and the market price of our common stock.
unsuccessful development activities or a slowdown in development activities could have a direct impact on our revenues, revenue growth, and/or net income.
we actively pursue development opportunities. development activities require various government and other approvals for entitlements and any delay in such approvals may significantly delay the development process. we may not recover our investment in development projects for which approvals are not received. we incur other risks associated with development activities, including:
•   the risk that we may be unable to lease developments to full occupancy on a timely basis;
•   the risk that occupancy rates and rents of a completed project will not be sufficient to make the project profitable;
•   the risk that development costs of a project may exceed original estimates, possibly making the project unprofitable;
•   the risk that delays in the development and construction process could increase costs;
•   the risk that we may abandon development opportunities and lose our investment in such opportunities;
•   the risk that the size of our development pipeline will strain our capacity to complete the developments within the targeted timelines and at the expected returns on invested capital;
•   changes in the level of future development and redevelopment activity could have an adverse impact on operating results by reducing the amount of capitalizable internal costs for development projects; and
•   the lack of cash flow during the construction period.
if we expand into new markets, we may not be successful, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
if opportunities arise, we may acquire properties in new markets. each of the risks applicable to our ability to acquire and integrate successfully and operate properties in our current markets is also applicable in new markets. in addition, we may not possess the same level of familiarity with the dynamics and market conditions of the new markets we may enter, which could adversely affect the results of our expansion into those markets, and we may be unable to achieve our desired return on our investments in new markets. if we are unsuccessful in expanding into new markets, it could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our acquisition activities may not produce the returns that we expect.
our investment strategy includes investing in high-quality shopping centers that are leased to market-dominant grocers, category-leading anchors, specialty retailers, or restaurants located in areas with high barriers to entry and above average household incomes and population densities. the acquisition of properties and/or companies entails risks that include, but are not limited to, the following, any of which could adversely affect our results of operations and our ability to meet our obligations:
•   properties we acquire may fail to achieve the occupancy or rental rates we project, within the time frames we estimate, which may result in the properties' failure to achieve the returns we projected;
•   our pre-acquisition evaluation of the physical condition of each new investment may not detect certain defects or identify necessary repairs until after the property is acquired, which could significantly increase our total acquisition costs or decrease cash flow from the property;
•   our investigation of a company, property or building prior to our acquisition, and any representations we may receive from such seller, may fail to reveal various liabilities, which could reduce the cash flow from the acquisition or increase our acquisition costs;
•   our estimate of the costs to improve, reposition or redevelop a property may prove to be too low, or the time we estimate to complete the improvement, repositioning or redevelopment may be too short, either of which could result in the property failing to achieve the returns we have projected, either temporarily or for a longer time;
•   we may not recover our costs from an unsuccessful acquisition;
•   our acquisition activities may distract our management and generate significant costs; and
•   we may not be able to integrate an acquisition into our existing operations successfully.
7
we may experience difficulty or delay in renewing leases or re-leasing space.
we derive most of our revenue from rent received from our tenants. we are subject to the risks that, upon expiration or termination of leases, leases for space in our properties may not be renewed, space may not be re-leased, or the terms of renewal or re-lease, including the cost of required renovations or concessions to tenants, may be less favorable than current lease terms. as a result, our results of operations and our net income could be adversely impacted.
we may be unable to sell properties when appropriate because real estate investments are illiquid.
real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly. our inability to respond promptly to unfavorable changes in the performance of our investments could have an adverse effect on our ability to meet our obligations and make distributions to our stock and unit holders.
a number of properties in our portfolio are subject to ground leases; if we are found to be in breach of a ground lease or are unable to renew a ground lease, we could be materially and adversely affected.
we have properties in our portfolio that are either completely or partially on land subject to ground leases with third parties.  accordingly, we only own long-term leasehold or similar interest in those properties.  if we are found to be in breach of a ground lease, we could lose our interest in the improvements and the right to operate the property that is subject to the ground lease.  in addition, unless we can purchase a fee interest in the underlying land or extend the terms of these leases before or at their expiration, as to which no assurance can be given, we will lose our interest in the improvements and the right to operate such properties.  the existing lease terms, including renewal options, were taken into consideration when making our investment decisions. the purchase price and subsequent improvements are being depreciated over the shorter of the remaining life of the ground leases or the useful life of the underlying assets. if we were to lose the right to operate a property due to a breach or not exercising renewal options of the ground lease, we would be unable to derive income from such property, which would impair the value of our investments, and materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
geographic concentration of our properties makes our business vulnerable to natural disasters and severe weather conditions, which could have an adverse effect on our cash flow and operating results.
a significant portion of our property gross leasable area is located in areas that are susceptible to earthquakes, tropical storms, hurricanes, tornadoes, wildfires, and other natural disasters. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 23.2%, 15.7%, and 10.5% of our property gross leasable area, on a pro-rata basis, was located in california, florida, and texas, respectively. intense weather conditions during the last decade have caused our cost of property insurance to increase significantly. we recognize that the frequency and / or intensity of extreme weather events may continue to increase due to climate change, and as a result, our exposure to these events could increase.  these weather conditions also disrupt our business and the business of our tenants, which could affect the ability of some tenants to pay rent and may reduce the willingness of residents to remain in or move to the affected area. therefore, as a result of the geographic concentration of our properties, we face risks, including higher costs, such as uninsured property losses and higher insurance premiums, and disruptions to our business and the businesses of our tenants.
an uninsured loss or a loss that exceeds the insurance coverage on our properties could subject us to loss of capital or revenue on those properties.
we carry comprehensive liability, fire, flood, extended coverage, rental loss, and environmental insurance for our properties with policy specifications and insured limits customarily carried for similar properties. we believe that the insurance carried on our properties is adequate and consistent with industry standards. there are, however, some types of losses, such as losses from hurricanes, terrorism, wars or earthquakes, for which the insurance levels carried may not be sufficient to fully cover catastrophic losses impacting multiple properties. in addition, tenants generally are required to indemnify and hold us harmless from liabilities resulting from injury to persons or damage to personal or real property, on or off the premises, due to activities conducted by tenants or their agents on the properties (including without limitation any environmental contamination), and at the tenant's expense, to obtain and keep in full force during the term of the lease, liability and property damage insurance policies. however, our tenants may not properly maintain their insurance policies or have the ability to pay the deductibles associated with such policies. should a loss occur that is uninsured or in an amount exceeding the combined aggregate limits for the policies noted above, or in the event of a loss that is subject to a substantial deductible under an insurance policy, we could lose all or part of our capital invested in, and anticipated revenue from, such properties, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, as well as our ability to make distributions to stock and unit holders.
8
loss of our key personnel could adversely affect our business and operations.
we depend on the efforts of our key executive personnel. although we have developed a succession plan and believe qualified replacements could be found for our key executives, the loss of their services could adversely affect our business and operations.
we face competition from numerous sources, including other reits and other real estate owners.
the ownership of shopping centers is highly fragmented. we face competition from other reits and well capitalized institutional investors, as well as from numerous small owners in the acquisition, ownership, and leasing of shopping centers. we also compete to develop shopping centers with other reits engaged in development activities as well as with local, regional, and national real estate developers. this competition may:
•reduce the number of properties available for acquisition or development;
•increase the cost of properties available for acquisition or development;
•hinder our ability to attract and retain tenants, leading to increased vacancy rates and/or reduced rents; and
•adversely affect our ability to minimize our expenses of operation.
if we cannot successfully compete in our targeted markets, our cash flow, and therefore distributions to stock and unit holders, may be adversely affected.
costs of environmental remediation could reduce our cash flow available for distribution to stock and unit holders.
under various federal, state and local laws, an owner or manager of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of hazardous or toxic substances on the property. these laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of hazardous or toxic substances. the cost of any required remediation could exceed the value of the property and/or the aggregate assets of the owner or the responsible party. the presence of, or the failure to properly remediate, hazardous or toxic substances may adversely affect our ability to sell or lease a contaminated property or to use the property as collateral for a loan. any of these developments could reduce cash flow and our ability to make distributions to stock and unit holders.
compliance with the americans with disabilities act and fire, safety and other regulations may require us to make unintended expenditures.
all of our properties are required to comply with the americans with disabilities act ("ada"), which generally requires that buildings be made accessible to people with disabilities. compliance with ada requirements could require removal of access barriers, and noncompliance could result in imposition of fines by the u.s. government or an award of damages to private litigants, or both. while the tenants to whom we lease properties are obligated by law to comply with the ada provisions, and typically under tenant leases are obligated to cover costs associated with compliance, if required changes involve greater expenditures than anticipated, or if the changes must be made on a more accelerated basis than anticipated, the ability of these tenants to cover costs could be adversely affected. in addition, we are required to operate the properties in compliance with fire and safety regulations, building codes and other land use regulations, as they may be adopted by governmental entities and become applicable to the properties. we may be required to make substantial capital expenditures to comply with these requirements, and these expenditures could have a material adverse effect on our ability to meet our financial obligations and make distributions to our stock and unit holders.
if we do not maintain the security of tenant-related information, we could incur substantial costs and become subject to litigation.
we receive certain information about our tenants that depends upon secure transmissions of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. a compromise of our security systems that results in information being obtained by unauthorized persons could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties and require us to expend significant resources related to our information security systems. such disruptions could adversely affect our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions and manage our business; cyber security attacks and other disruptions could harm our ability to run our business.
we face risks associated with security breaches, whether through (i) cyber attacks or cyber intrusions, (ii) malware or computer viruses and (iii) people with access or who gain access to our systems, and other significant disruptions of our computer networks and related systems. the risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber attack or cyber
9
intrusion, has increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. our computer networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations. although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our computer networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. a security breach or other disruption involving our computer networks and related systems could significantly disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems and, as a result, disrupt our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
risk factors related to our co-investment partnerships and acquisition structure we do not have voting control over our joint venture investments, so we are unable to ensure that our objectives will be pursued.
we have invested substantial capital as a partner in a number of joint venture investments for the acquisition or development of properties. these investments involve risks not present in a wholly-owned project as we do not have voting control over the ventures, although we do have approval rights over major decisions. the other partner may (i) have interests or goals that are inconsistent with our interests or goals or (ii) otherwise impede our objectives. the other partner also may become insolvent or bankrupt. these factors could limit the return that we receive from such investments or cause our cash flows to be lower than our estimates.
the termination of our co-investment partnerships could adversely affect our cash flow, operating results, and our ability to make distributions to stock and unit holders.
if co-investment partnerships owning a significant number of properties were dissolved for any reason, we would lose the asset and property management fees from these co-investment partnerships, which could adversely affect our operating results and our cash available for distribution to stock and unit holders.
risk factors related to funding strategies and capital structure higher market capitalization rates for our properties could adversely impact our ability to sell properties and fund developments and acquisitions, and could dilute earnings.
as part of our funding strategy, we sell operating properties that no longer meet our investment standards or those with a limited future growth profile. these sales proceeds are used to fund the construction of new developments, redevelopments and acquisitions. an increase in market capitalization rates could cause a reduction in the value of centers identified for sale, which would have an adverse impact on the amount of cash generated. in order to meet the cash requirements of our development program, we may be required to sell more properties than initially planned, which could have a negative impact on our earnings.
we depend on external sources of capital, which may not be available in the future on favorable terms or at all.
to qualify as a reit, the parent company must, among other things, distribute to its stockholders each year at least 90% of its reit taxable income (excluding any net capital gains). because of these distribution requirements, we may not be able to fund all future capital needs with income from operations. we therefore will have to rely on third-party sources of capital, which may or may not be available on favorable terms or at all. our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of things, including the market's perception of our growth potential and our current and potential future earnings. our access to debt depends on our credit rating, the willingness of creditors to lend to us and conditions in the capital markets.  in addition to finding creditors willing to lend to us, we are dependent upon our joint venture partners to contribute their pro rata share of any amount needed to repay or refinance existing debt when lenders reduce the amount of debt our joint ventures are eligible to refinance.
in addition, our existing debt arrangements also impose covenants that limit our flexibility in obtaining other financing, such as a prohibition on negative pledge agreements. additional equity offerings may result in substantial dilution of stockholders' interests and additional debt financing may substantially increase our degree of leverage.
without access to external sources of capital, we would be required to pay outstanding debt with our operating cash flows and proceeds from property sales. our operating cash flows may not be sufficient to pay our outstanding debt as it comes due and real estate investments generally cannot be sold quickly at a return we believe is appropriate.  if we are required to deleverage our business with operating cash flows and proceeds from property sales, we may be forced to reduce the amount of, or eliminate altogether, our distributions to stock and unit holders or refrain from making investments in our business.
10
our debt financing may adversely affect our business and financial condition.
our ability to make scheduled payments or to refinance our indebtedness will depend primarily on our future performance, which to a certain extent is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. in addition, we do not expect to generate sufficient funds from operations to make balloon principal payments on our debt when due. if we are unable to refinance our debt on acceptable terms, we may be forced (i) to dispose of properties, which might result in losses, or (ii) to obtain financing at unfavorable terms, either of which could reduce the cash flow available for distributions to stock and unit holders. if we cannot make required mortgage payments, the mortgagee could foreclose on the property securing the mortgage.
covenants in our debt agreements may restrict our operating activities and adversely affect our financial condition.
our unsecured notes, unsecured term loan, and unsecured line of credit contain customary covenants, including compliance with financial ratios, such as ratio of total debt to gross asset value and fixed charge coverage ratio. fixed charge coverage ratio is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("ebitda") divided by the sum of interest expense and scheduled mortgage principal paid to our lenders plus dividends paid to our preferred stockholders. our debt arrangements also restrict our ability to enter into a transaction that would result in a change of control. these covenants may limit our operational flexibility and our acquisition activities. moreover, if we breach any of the covenants in our debt agreements, and do not cure the breach within the applicable cure period, our lenders could require us to repay the debt immediately, even in the absence of a payment default. many of our debt arrangements, including our unsecured notes, unsecured term loan, and unsecured line of credit are cross-defaulted, which means that the lenders under those debt arrangements can put us in default and require immediate repayment of their debt if we breach and fail to cure a default under certain of our other material debt obligations. as a result, any default under our debt covenants could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, our results of operations, our ability to meet our obligations, and the market value of our stock.
increases in interest rates would cause our borrowing costs to rise and negatively impact our results of operations.
although a significant amount of our outstanding debt has fixed interest rates, we do borrow funds at variable interest rates under our credit facilities. increases in interest rates would increase our interest expense on any variable rate debt to the extent we have not hedged our exposure to changes in interest rates. in addition, increases in interest rates will affect the terms under which we refinance our existing debt as it matures, to the extent we have not hedged our exposure to changes in interest rates. this would reduce our future earnings and cash flows, which could adversely affect our ability to service our debt and meet our other obligations and also could reduce the amount we are able to distribute to our stock and unit holders.
hedging activity may expose us to risks, including the risks that a counterparty will not perform and that the hedge will not yield the economic benefits we anticipate, which could adversely affect us.
from time to time, we manage our exposure to interest rate volatility by using interest rate hedging arrangements that involve risk, such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, and that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes. there can be no assurance that our hedging arrangements will qualify for hedge accounting or that our hedging activities will have the desired beneficial impact on our results of operations. should we desire to terminate a hedging agreement, there could be significant costs and cash requirements involved to fulfill our obligations under the hedging agreement. failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may adversely affect our results of operations.
we may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax-deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell such assets.
we may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for partnership interests in our operating partnership, which may result in stockholder dilution. this acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and may require that we agree to protect the contributors' ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the allocation of partnership debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. these restrictions could limit our ability to sell an asset at a time, or on terms, that would be favorable absent such restrictions.
11
risk factors related to the market price for our debt and equity securities changes in economic and market conditions could adversely affect the market price of our securities.
the market price of our debt and equity securities may fluctuate significantly in response to many factors, many of which are out of our control, including:
•   actual or anticipated variations in our operating results;
•   changes in our funds from operations or earnings estimates;
•   publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry in general and recommendations by financial analysts or actions taken by rating agencies with respect to our securities or those of other reit's;
•   the ability of our tenants to pay rent and meet their other obligations to us under current lease terms and our ability to re-lease space as leases expire;
•   increases in market interest rates that drive purchasers of our stock to demand a higher dividend yield;
•   changes in market valuations of similar companies;
•   adverse market reaction to any additional debt we incur in the future;
•   any future issuances of equity securities;
•   additions or departures of key management personnel;
•   strategic actions by us or our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings;
•   actions by institutional stockholders;
•   changes in our dividend payments;
•   speculation in the press or investment community; and
•   general market and economic conditions.
these factors may cause the market price of our securities to decline, regardless of our financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects. it is impossible to ensure that the market price of our securities, including our common stock, will not fall in the future. a decrease in the market price of our common stock could reduce our ability to raise additional equity in the public markets. selling common stock at a decreased market price would have a dilutive impact on existing stockholders.
we cannot assure you we will continue to pay dividends at historical rates.
our ability to continue to pay dividends at historical rates or to increase our dividend rate will depend on a number of factors, including, among others, the following:
•   our financial condition and results of future operations;
•   the terms of our loan covenants; and
•   our ability to acquire, finance, develop or redevelop and lease additional properties at attractive rates.
if we do not maintain or periodically increase the dividend on our common stock, it could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock and other securities.
changes in accounting standards may adversely impact our financial results.
the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"), in conjunction with the sec, has several key projects on their agenda that could impact how we currently account for our material transactions, including lease accounting and other convergence projects with the international accounting standards board. at this time, we are unable to predict with certainty which, if any, proposals may be passed or what level of impact any such proposal could have on the presentation of our consolidated financial statements, our results of operations and our financial ratios required by our debt covenants.
risk factors related to federal income tax laws if the parent company fails to qualify as a reit for federal income tax purposes, it would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates.
we believe that the parent company qualifies for taxation as a reit for federal income tax purposes, and we plan to operate so that we can continue to meet the requirements for taxation as a reit. if the parent company continues to qualify as a reit, it generally will not be subject to federal income tax on income that we distribute to our stockholders. many reit requirements, however, are highly technical and complex. the determination that the parent company is a reit requires an
12
analysis of various factual matters and circumstances, some of which may not be totally within our control and some of which involve questions of interpretation. for example, to qualify as a reit, at least 95% of our gross income must come from specific passive sources, like rent, that are itemized in the reit tax laws. there can be no assurance that the internal revenue service ("irs") or a court would agree with the positions we have taken in interpreting the reit requirements. we are also required to distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our reit taxable income, excluding capital gains. the fact that we hold many of our assets through co-investment partnerships and their subsidiaries further complicates the application of the reit requirements. furthermore, congress and the irs might make changes to the tax laws and regulations, and the courts might issue new rulings, that make it more difficult, or impossible, for the parent company to remain qualified as a reit.
also, unless the irs granted relief under certain statutory provisions, the parent company would remain disqualified as a reit for four years following the year it first failed to qualify. if the parent company failed to qualify as a reit (currently and/or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we would have to pay significant income taxes, reducing cash available to pay dividends, which would likely have a significant adverse effect on the value of our securities. in addition, we would no longer be required to pay any dividends to stockholders. although we believe that the parent company qualifies as a reit, we cannot assure you that the parent company will continue to qualify or remain qualified as a reit for tax purposes.
even if the parent company qualifies as a reit for federal income tax purposes, we are required to pay certain federal, state and local taxes on our income and property. for example, if we have net income from "prohibited transactions," that income will be subject to a 100% tax. in general, prohibited transactions include sales or other dispositions of property held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. the determination as to whether a particular sale is a prohibited transaction depends on the facts and circumstances related to that sale. while we have undertaken a significant number of asset sales in recent years, we do not believe that those sales should be considered prohibited transactions, but there can be no assurance that the irs would not contend otherwise.
dividends paid by reits generally do not qualify for reduced tax rates.
subject to limited exceptions, dividends paid by reits (other than distributions designated as capital gain dividends or returns of capital) are not eligible for reduced rates for qualified dividends paid by "c" corporations and are taxable at ordinary income tax rates. the more favorable rates applicable to regular corporate qualified dividends could cause investors who are individuals, trusts and estates to perceive investments in reits to be relatively less attractive than investments in the stocks of non-reit corporations that pay dividends, which could adversely affect the value of the shares of reits, including the shares of our capital stock.
foreign stockholders may be subject to u.s. federal income tax on gain recognized on a disposition of our common stock if we do not qualify as a "domestically controlled" reit.
a foreign person disposing of a u.s. real property interest, including shares of a u.s. corporation whose assets consist principally of u.s. real property interests is generally subject to u.s. federal income tax on any gain recognized on the disposition. this tax does not apply, however, to the disposition of stock in a reit if the reit is "domestically controlled." in general, we will be a domestically controlled reit if at all times during the five-year period ending on the applicable stockholder's disposition of our stock, less than 50% in value of our stock was held directly or indirectly by non-u.s. persons. if we were to fail to qualify as a domestically controlled reit, gain recognized by a foreign stockholder on a disposition of our common stock would be subject to u.s. federal income tax unless our common stock was traded on an established securities market and the foreign stockholder did not at any time during a specified testing period directly or indirectly own more than 10% of our outstanding common stock.
complying with reit requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities.
the reit provisions of the code limit our ability to hedge our liabilities. generally, income from a hedging transaction we enter into either to manage risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings incurred or to be incurred to acquire or carry real estate assets, or to manage the risk of currency fluctuations with respect to any item of income or gain (or any property which generates such income or gain) that constitutes "qualifying income" for purposes of the 75% or 95% gross income tests applicable to reits, does not constitute "gross income" for purposes of the 75% or 95% gross income tests, provided that we properly identify the hedging transaction pursuant to the applicable sections of the code and treasury regulations. to the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions, or fail to make the proper tax identifications, the income from those transactions is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of both gross income tests. as a result of these rules, we may need to limit our use of otherwise advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a taxable reit subsidiary, or trs. the use of a trs could increase the cost of our hedging activities (because our trs would be subject to tax on income or gain resulting from hedges entered into by it) or expose us to greater risks than we would
13
otherwise want to bear. in addition, net losses in a trs will generally not provide any tax benefit except for being carried forward for use against future taxable income in the trs.
risk factors related to our ownership limitations and the florida business corporation act restrictions on the ownership of the parent company's capital stock to preserve its reit status could delay or prevent a change in control.
ownership of more than 7% by value of our outstanding capital stock is prohibited, with certain exceptions, by the parent company's articles of incorporation, for the purpose of maintaining its qualification as a reit. this 7% limitation may discourage a change in control and may also (i) deter tender offers for our capital stock, which offers may be attractive to our stockholders, or (ii) limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their capital stock that might otherwise exist if an investor attempted to assemble a block in excess of 7% of our outstanding capital stock or to affect a change in control.
the issuance of the parent company's capital stock could delay or prevent a change in control.
the parent company's articles of incorporation authorize our board of directors to issue up to 30,000,000 shares of preferred stock and 10,000,000 shares of special common stock and to establish the preferences and rights of any shares issued. the issuance of preferred stock or special common stock could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control. the provisions of the florida business corporation act regarding affiliated transactions could also deter potential acquisitions by preventing the acquiring party from consummating a merger or other extraordinary corporate transaction without the approval of our disinterested stockholders.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations executing on our strategy during 2015, we executed on our strategic objectives to further solidify regency's position as a leader among shopping center reits:
sustain average annual 3% noi growth from a high-quality, growing portfolio of thriving community and neighborhood shopping centers.
we earn revenues and generate cash flow by leasing space in our shopping centers to grocery stores, major retail anchors, restaurants, side-shop retailers, and service providers, as well as ground leasing or selling out-parcels to these same types of tenants. we experience growth in revenues by increasing occupancy and rental rates in our existing shopping centers, by acquiring and developing new shopping centers, and by redeveloping shopping centers within our portfolio. noteworthy milestones and achievements during 2015 include:
•   we achieved pro-rata same property noi growth, excluding termination fees, of 4.4% in 2015, marking four consecutive years of 4% growth.
•   we maintained our pro-rata same property percent leased at 95.8% at december 31, 2015 and 2014.
•   we grew rental rates 9.6% on comparable spaces for new and renewal leases.
•   we cost effectively invested in the acquisition of one operating property and funded the purchase with $50 million from the sale of a center with a similar cap rate but a lower growth opportunity and greater anchor risk.
develop new, high quality shopping centers and redevelop existing centers at attractive returns on investment from a disciplined development program.
we capitalize on our development capabilities, market presence, and anchor relationships by investing in new developments and redevelopments of existing centers.
•   during 2015, we started $116.7 million of development and redevelopment projects with a weighted average estimated yield of 7.5%.
•   as of december 31, 2015, we have seven ground-up developments in process, with total expected net development costs of $163.9 million with projected return on capital of 7.7%, and are currently 83% leased. we also have thirteen redevelopments of existing centers in process with total expected net redevelopment costs of $81.8 million and incremental yields ranging from 7.0% - 10.0%.
cost-effectively enhance our already strong balance sheet to reduce our cost of capital, provide financial flexibility and weather economic downturns.
we fund acquisitions and development activities from various capital sources including operating cash flow, property sales through a disciplined match-funding strategy of selling low growth assets, equity offerings, new debt financing, and capital from our co-investment partners.
•   we managed our balance sheet to improve our debt maturity profile by refinancing and reducing our unsecured borrowings, thereby leveling our maturities to better withstand downturns in the financial markets and efficiently fund investments.
•   we cost effectively sold $193.6 million in common stock through our forward equity offering in january. net proceeds of $186.2 million were received in november upon settlement and used a portion to improve our debt maturity profile. in addition, we issued 189,200 shares through our atm program resulting in net proceeds of $12.7 million.
•   at december 31, 2015, our net debt-to-core ebitda ratio was 5.2x versus 5.7x at december 31, 2014. we had $36.9 million of cash and no outstanding balance on our $800.0 million line of credit.
34
engage a talented and dedicated team that operates efficiently and is recognized as a leader in the real estate industry with respect to development and operating capabilities, customer relationships, operating and technology systems, and environmental sustainability.
•   we executed on our succession plan with our bench of proven and experienced executives with the promotion of lisa palmer to president, in addition to her existing role of chief financial officer. additionally, we promoted two managing directors to executive vice president of operations and of development, respectively.
•   we worked to increase employee engagement through a variety of employee-related initiatives.
•   we developed critical information platforms that provide value added decision making capabilities.
leasing activity and significant tenants we believe our high-quality, grocery anchored shopping centers located in densely populated, desirable infill trade areas create attractive spaces for retail tenants. improvements in the economy, combined with historically low levels of new supply and robust tenant demand, allow us to focus on merchandising of our centers to ensure the right mix of operators and unique retailers, which draws more retail customers to our centers.
pro-rata occupancy for the purpose of the following disclosures of occupancy and leasing activity, anchor space is considered space greater than or equal to 10,000 sf and shop space is less than 10,000 sf. the following table summarizes pro-rata occupancy rates of our combined consolidated and unconsolidated shopping center portfolio:
december 31,   december 31,
2015           2014
% leased - operating          95.9%          95.9%
anchor space                  98.5%          98.8%
shop space                    91.7%          91.2%
the percent leased in our operating portfolio remained constant in 2015. during the fourth quarter of 2015, we successfully recaptured two anchor spaces, giving us control over the future tenant mix at these centers and the ability to improve rents. our shop space experienced pro-rata occupancy gains of 50 basis points driven primarily by new leasing and lower than historical move-out rates.
pro-rata leasing activity the following table summarizes leasing activity, including regency's pro-rata share of activity within the portfolio of our co-investment partnerships:
year ended december 31, 2015
leasing transactions (1)       square feet ("sf") (in thousands)           base rent psf (2)             tenant improvements psf (2)             leasing commissions psf (2)
new leases anchor space                                         15                                     295              $13.81                               $5.28                                   $5.14
shop space                                          445                                     724              $30.67                              $10.35                                  $13.53
total new leases                                    460                                   1,019              $25.79                               $8.88                                  $11.10
renewals anchor space                                         48                                     972              $11.96                               $0.01                                   $1.08
shop space                                          950                                   1,497              $30.33                               $0.64                                   $3.92
total renewal leases (1)                            998                                   2,469              $23.10                               $0.40                                   $2.80
total leases                                      1,458                                   3,488              $23.88                               $2.87                                   $5.23
35
year ended december 31, 2014
leasing transactions (1)       sf (in thousands)           base rent psf (2)             tenant improvements psf (2)             leasing commissions psf (2)
new leases anchor space                                         28                     793              $14.49                               $5.54                                   $4.62
shop space                                          477                     828              $29.24                               $8.76                                  $13.72
total new leases                                    505                   1,621              $22.02                               $7.19                                   $9.27
renewals anchor space                                         59                   1,173              $11.80                               $0.20                                   $1.07
shop space                                          854                   1,281              $28.80                               $0.76                                   $3.61
total renewal leases (1)                            913                   2,454              $20.67                               $0.49                                   $2.39
total leases                                      1,418                   4,075              $21.21                               $3.16                                   $5.13
(1) number of leasing transactions reported at 100%; all other statistics reported at pro-rata share.
(2) totals for base rent, tenant improvements, and leasing commissions reflect the weighted average per square foot ("psf").
overall, leasing activity continues to be strong. in the shop space category for both new leases and renewals, base rent psf continued to increase on leases executed in 2015. in the anchor category, base rent psf on new leases decreased slightly due to the geographic location of anchor deals in 2015 as compared to 2014.
significant tenants and concentrations of risk we seek to reduce our operating and leasing risks through geographic diversification and by avoiding dependence on any single property, market, or tenant. the following table summarizes our three most significant tenants, each of which is a grocery tenant, occupying our shopping centers:
december 31, 2015
grocery anchor           number ofstores (1)         percentage ofcompanyowned gla (2)         percentage ofannualizedbase rent (2)
kroger                                    58                                      8.8%                                         4.7%
publix                                    46                                      6.5%                                         3.7%
albertsons/safeway                        49                                      4.8%                                         2.9%
(1) includes stores owned by grocery anchors that are attached to our centers.
(2) includes our pro-rata share of unconsolidated properties and excludes those owned by anchors.
bankruptcies although base rent is supported by long-term lease contracts, tenants who file bankruptcy may have the legal right to reject any or all of their leases and close related stores. in the event that a tenant with a significant number of leases in our shopping centers files bankruptcy and cancels its leases, we could experience a significant reduction in our revenues. we monitor the operating performance and rent collections of all tenants in our shopping centers, especially those tenants operating retail formats that are experiencing significant changes in competition, business practice, and store closings in other locations. we are not currently aware of the pending bankruptcy or announced store closings of any tenants in our shopping centers that would individually cause a material reduction in our revenues, and no tenant represents more than 5% of our annual base rent on a pro-rata basis.
our management team devotes significant time to monitoring consumer preferences, shopping behaviors, and demographics to anticipate both challenges and opportunities in the changing retail industry that may affect our tenants. as a result of our findings, we may reduce new leasing, suspend leasing, or curtail the allowance for the construction of leasehold improvements within a certain retail category or to a specific retailer.
36
results from operations comparison of the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014:
our revenues increased as summarized in the following table:
(in thousands)                            2015                  2014                        change minimum rent                                     $415,155           390,697           24,458
percentage rent                                     3,750             3,488       262
recoveries from tenants                           116,120           108,434            7,686
other income                                        9,175            11,184           (2,009   )
management, transaction, and other fees            25,563            24,095            1,468
total revenues                                   $569,763           537,898           31,865
minimum rent increased as follows:
•   $5.0 million increase due to the acquisitions of operating properties;
•   $9.8 million increase from operations beginning at development properties; and
•   $15.7 million increase in minimum rent from same properties, with $6.7 million relating to redevelopment properties, and $9.0 million relating to higher rental rates and rent paying occupancy growth;
•   reduced by $6.0 million from the sale of operating properties.
recoveries from tenants represent reimbursements to us for tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. recoveries from tenants increased as follows:
•   $1.2 million increase due to the acquisition of operating properties;
•   $1.5 million increase from operations beginning at development properties; and,
•   $5.9 million increase from same properties associated with rent paying occupancy improvements and higher recoverable costs;
•   reduced by approximately $890,000 from the sale of operating properties.
other income, which consists of incidental income earned at our centers, decreased primarily as a result of a higher level of settlement and lease termination income earned in 2014.
we earn fees, at market-based rates, for asset management, property management, leasing, acquisition, and financing services that we provided to our co-investment partnerships and third parties as follows:
(in thousands)                                  2015                2014                      change asset management fees                                  $6,416            6,013             403
property management fees                               13,123           13,020             103
leasing commissions and other fees                      6,024            5,062             962
total management, transaction, and other fees         $25,563           24,095           1,468
asset and property management fees increased due to higher property values and revenues in our co-investment partnerships. leasing commissions and other fees increased during 2015 due to the higher average rents on leasing transactions.
37
changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table:
(in thousands)                  2015                  2014                    change depreciation and amortization          $146,829           147,791         (962   )
operating and maintenance                82,978            77,788        5,190
general and administrative               65,600            60,242        5,358
real estate taxes                        61,855            59,031        2,824
other operating expenses                  7,836             8,496         (660   )
total operating expenses               $365,098           353,348       11,750
depreciation and amortization decreased as follows:
•   $2.9 million decrease from the sale of operating properties;
•   $1.9 million increase primarily from operations beginning at development properties and acquisition of operating properties.
operating and maintenance costs increased as follows:
•   $1.6 million increase from operations beginning at development properties;
•   $2.9 million increase at same properties primarily driven by increases in property management fees, landscaping, and parking lot maintenance costs;
•   $2.1 million increase relating to acquisition of operating properties;
•   reduced by $1.4 million from the sale of operating properties.
general and administrative expenses increased as follows:
•   $3.9 million of higher compensation costs, including $2.2 million associated with executive management changes at december 31, 2015;
•   $2.3 million of lower development overhead capitalization based on fewer new development and redevelopment projects started in 2015;
•   reduced by $1.1 million from the decrease in the value of participant obligations within the deferred compensation plan.
real estate taxes increased as follows:
•   $690,000 increase from acquisition of operating properties;
•   $510,000 increase relating to operations beginning at development properties; and,
•   $2.0 million increase at same properties from increased tax assessments;
•   reduced by approximately $360,000 from the sale of operating properties.
38
the following table presents the components of other expense (income):
(in thousands)                                                   2015                             2014             change interest expense, net interest on notes payable                                                $98,485           104,938           (6,453   )
interest on unsecured credit facilities                                    3,566             3,539               27
capitalized interest                                                      (6,739   )        (7,142   )          403
hedge expense                                                              8,900             9,366             (466   )
interest income                                                           (1,590   )        (1,210   )         (380   )
interest expense, net                                                    102,622           109,491           (6,869   )
provision for impairment                                                       -             1,257           (1,257   )
early extinguishment of debt                                               8,239                18            8,221
net investment (income) loss                                                (625   )        (9,449   )        8,824
gain on remeasurement of investment in real estate partnership                 -           (18,271   )       18,271
total other expense (income)                                            $110,236            83,046           27,190
the $6.9 million decrease in interest expense, net is mainly due to lower interest rates from refinancing our long-term debt during 2014 and 2015 and lower outstanding balances on notes payable.
we did not recognize impairment losses during 2015. during the year ended december 31, 2014, we recognized a $1.1 million loss on the disposal of one operating property and one land parcel and a $175,000 impairment on two parcels of land held.
during november 2015, we incurred an $8.2 million charge from a make-whole premium on our $100.0 million early redemption of the $400.0 million outstanding 5.875% senior unsecured notes that are due in 2017.
net investment income decreased $8.8 million, largely driven by an $8.1 million gain realized on the sale of available-for-sale securities in 2014 and a $1.1 million decrease in the fair value of plan assets in the non-qualified deferred compensation plan during 2015, which is consistent with the change in plan liabilities included in general and administrative expenses above.
during the year ended december 31, 2014, we acquired the remaining 50% interest and gained control of a previously unconsolidated investment in a real estate partnership that owns a single operating property. as the operating property constitutes a business, acquisition of control was accounted for as a step acquisition, and the net assets acquired were recognized at fair value. the gain of $18.3 million was recognized as the difference between the fair value and carrying value of the company's previously held equity interest, using an income approach to measure fair value.
39
our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships increased (decreased) as follows:
(in thousands)                                                      regency's ownership                2015             2014              change gri - regency, llc (grir)                                                        40.00%         $18,148           13,727             4,421
columbia regency retail partners, llc (columbia i)                               20.00%            (278   )        1,431            (1,709   )
columbia regency partners ii, llc (columbia ii)                                  20.00%             755              233               522
cameron village, llc (cameron)                                                   30.00%             643            1,008              (365   )
regcal, llc (regcal)                                                             25.00%             576              966              (390   )
us regency retail i, llc (usaa)                                                  20.01%             807              567               240
other investments in real estate partnerships                                    50.00%           1,857           13,338           (11,481   )
total equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships                               $22,508           31,270            (8,762   )
the $8.8 million net decrease is largely attributed to:
grir:  $4.4 million increase driven by:
•   $1.3 million increase in base rent from occupancy and rental rate growth,
•   $1.8 million decrease in depreciation due to higher depreciation expense in 2014 relating to redevelopment activity,
•   reduced interest expense roughly $800,000 by paying off or refinancing property debt at better rates in 2014 and 2015.
columbia i: $1.8 million decrease from impairment loss upon the sale of one operating property during 2015;
columbia ii: $424,000 increase due to impairment losses recognized upon the sale of two properties during 2014; and other investments in real estate partnerships: $11.4 million decrease within our other investment partnerships driven by the $10.9 million gains on the sale of two land parcels and two operating properties during 2014.
40
the following represents the remaining components that comprise net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders:
(in thousands)                                                                       2015              2014              change income from continuing operations before tax                                 $116,937           132,774           (15,837   )
income tax (benefit) of taxable reit subsidiary                                     -              (996   )   996
gain on sale of real estate                                                    35,606            55,077           (19,471   )
income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                (2,487   )        (1,457   )        (1,030   )
preferred stock dividends                                                     (21,062   )       (21,062   )             -
net income attributable to common stockholders                               $128,994           166,328           (37,334   )
net income attributable to exchangeable operating partnership units               240               319               (79   )
net income attributable to common unit holders                               $129,234           166,647           (37,413   )
a $1.0 million tax benefit was recognized in 2014 upon the receipt of a state tax refund from amending our prior tax returns.
we recognized $35.6 million of gains on the sale of real estate, net of taxes, in 2015 attributable to the sale of five operating properties and two land parcels as compared to $55.1 million of gains on the sale of real estate, net of taxes, in 2014 attributable to the sale of eleven operating properties and six land parcels.
income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased $1.0 million due to to the 2014 acquisition of a portfolio held within a consolidated partnership, coupled with new operating activity from a development beginning operations and a recent redevelopment completion within our consolidated partnerships.
comparison of the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
our revenues increased as summarized in the following table:
(in thousands)                            2014                  2013                        change minimum rent                                     $390,697           353,833           36,864
percentage rent                                     3,488             3,583              (95   )
recoveries from tenants                           108,434            95,902           12,532
other income                                       11,184            10,592       592
management, transaction, and other fees            24,095            25,097           (1,002   )
total revenues                                   $537,898           489,007           48,891
minimum rent increased as follows:
•   $16.8 million increase due to the acquisitions of operating properties;
•   $12.3 million increase from operations beginning at development properties; and
•   $9.9 million increase in minimum rent from same properties, with $4.4 million relating to redevelopment properties, and $5.5 million relating to higher rental rates and rent paying occupancy growth;
•   reduced by a $2.2 million decrease from the sale of operating properties.
recoveries from tenants represent reimbursements to us for tenants' pro-rata share of the operating, maintenance, and real estate tax expenses that we incur to operate our shopping centers. recoveries from tenants increased as follows:
•   $3.8 million increase due to the acquisition of operating properties;
•   $3.5 million increase from operations beginning at development properties during 2014 and 2013; and,
41
•   $6.2 million increase in recoveries at same properties, which was driven by an increase in occupancy and recoverable costs;
•   reduced by $1.0 million decrease from the sale of operating properties.
other income, which consists of incidental income earned at our centers, increased primarily as a result of settlement and lease termination fee income earned in 2014.
we earn fees, at market-based rates, for asset management, property management, leasing, acquisition, and financing services that we provided to our co-investment partnerships and third parties as follows:
(in thousands)                                  2014                2013                   change asset management fees                                  $6,013            6,205         (192   )
property management fees                               13,020           13,692         (672   )
leasing commissions and other fees                      5,062            5,200         (138   )
total management, transaction, and other fees         $24,095           25,097       (1,002   )
asset and property management fees decreased due to the liquidation of one unconsolidated real estate partnership consisting of nine properties during the third quarter of 2013.
changes in our operating expenses are summarized in the following table:
(in thousands)                  2014                  2013                        change depreciation and amortization          $147,791           130,630           17,161
operating and maintenance                77,788            71,018            6,770
general and administrative               60,242            61,234             (992   )
real estate taxes                        59,031            53,726            5,305
other operating expenses                  8,496             8,079       417
total operating expenses               $353,348           324,687           28,661
depreciation and amortization increased as follows:
•   $9.9 million increase from the acquisition of operating properties;
•   $5.5 million increase from operations beginning at development properties; and,
•   $2.6 million increase at same properties, attributable to redevelopments and recent capital improvements being depreciated;
•   reduced by $800,000 from the sale of operating properties.
operating and maintenance costs increased as follows:
•   $2.6 million increase from operations beginning at development properties;
•   $2.4 million increase at same properties, attributable to an increase in snow removal costs; and,
•   $2.0 million increase relating to the acquisition of operating properties;
•   reduced by approximately $200,000 from the sale of operating properties.
general and administrative expenses decreased approximately $1.0 million largely due to greater capitalization of development overhead costs by $4.4 million, stemming from higher volume of development projects, offset by an increase of $4.6 million of higher incentive compensation expense during 2014. additionally, changes in participant obligations within the deferred compensation plan resulted in a $1.9 million decrease in expense.
real estate taxes increased as follows:
•   $2.6 million increase from the acquisition of operating properties;
42
•   $1.6 million increase relating to operations beginning at development properties; and,
•   $1.4 million increase at same properties from increased tax assessments;
•   reduced by approximately $300,000 from the sale of operating properties.
the following table presents the components of other expense (income):
(in thousands)                                                                2014              2013              change interest expense, net interest on notes payable                                              104,938           103,143             1,795
interest on unsecured credit facilities                                  3,539             3,937              (398   )
capitalized interest                                                    (7,142   )        (6,078   )        (1,064   )
hedge expense                                                            9,366             9,607              (241   )
interest income                                                         (1,210   )        (1,643   )           433
interest expense, net                                                  109,491           108,966               525
provision for impairment                                                 1,257             6,000            (4,743   )
early extinguishment of debt                                                18                32               (14   )
net investment (income) loss                                            (9,449   )        (3,257   )        (6,192   )
gain on remeasurement of investment in real estate partnership         (18,271   )             -           (18,271   )
total other expense (income)                                           $83,046           111,741           (28,695   )
our interest expense, net increased $525,000 mainly due to the $77.8 million of mortgage debt assumed with a portfolio acquisition in the first quarter of 2014, offset by additional capitalized interest on development projects.
during 2014, we recognized a $1.1 million of loss on the disposal of one operating property and one land parcel and a $175,000 impairment on two parcels of land held. during the year ended december 31, 2013, we recognized a $6.0 million impairment on a single operating property.
net investment income increased $6.2 million, largely driven by an $8.1 million gain realized on the sale of available-for-sale securities offset by a $1.9 million decrease in net investment income from the deferred compensation plan relating to the change in the fair value of plan assets.
during 2014, we acquired the remaining 50% interest and gained control of a previously unconsolidated investment in a real estate partnership that owns a single operating property. as the operating property constitutes a business, acquisition of control was accounted for as a step acquisition, and the net assets acquired were recognized at fair value. the gain of $18.3 million was recognized as the difference between the fair value and carrying value of the company's previously held equity interest, using an income approach to measure fair value.
43
our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships (decreased) increased as follows:
(in thousands)                                                                                    regency's ownership                                                                                                    2014                                                                          2013                                                                        change gri - regency, llc (grir)                                                                                      40.00%                                                                       $13,727                                                                        12,789                                                                           938
macquarie countrywide-regency iii, llc (mcwr iii) (1)                                                              -%                                                                             -                                                                            53                                                                           (53                         )
columbia regency retail partners, llc (columbia i)                                                             20.00%                                                                         1,431                                                                         1,727                                                                          (296                         )
columbia regency partners ii, llc (columbia ii)                                                                20.00%                                                                           233                                                                         1,274                                                                        (1,041                         )
cameron village, llc (cameron)                                                                                 30.00%                                                                         1,008                                                                           662                                                                           346
regcal, llc (regcal)                                                                                           25.00%                                                                           966                                                                           332                                                                           634
regency retail partners, lp (the fund) (2)                                                                     20.00%                                                                            27                                                                         7,749                                                                        (7,722                         )
us regency retail i, llc (usaa)                                                                                20.01%                                                                           567                                                                           487                                                                            80
bre throne holdings, llc (bret) (3)                                                                                -%                                                                             -                                                                         4,499                                                                        (4,499                         )
other investments in real estate partnerships                                                                  50.00%                                                                        13,311                                                                         2,146                                                                        11,165
total equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships                                                                                                                           $31,270                                                                        31,718                                                                          (448                         )
(1) as of december 31, 2012, our ownership interest in mcwr iii was 24.95%. the liquidation of mcwr iii was complete effective march 20, 2013.
(2) on august 13, 2013, the fund sold 100% of its interest in its entire portfolio of shopping centers to a third party. the fund will be dissolved following the final distribution of proceeds in 2014.
(3) on october 23, 2013, the company sold 100% of its interest in the bret unconsolidated real estate partnership and received a capital distribution of $47.5 million, its share of the undistributed income of the partnership, and a redemption premium. regency no longer has any interest in the bret partnership.
the decrease in our equity in income of investments in real estate partnerships is principally due to the following:
•   grir: $947,000 increase from gain on one operating property disposal in 2014;
•   columbia ii: $1.0 million decrease due to $424,000 of impairment losses recognized upon sale of two properties in 2014 compared to $830,000 of gains recognized in 2013 on the sale of four operating properties and one land parcel;
•   regcal: $654,000 gain on one operating property disposal in 2014;
•   the fund: all operating properties were sold in august 2013 for gains of $7.4 million. the only activity in 2014 was collection of remaining receivables and the final distribution;
•   bret: $4.5 million decrease from liquidating our ownership interest in october 2013; and,
•   other investments in real estate partnerships: $11.2 million increase driven by 2014 gains of $10.9 million on the sale of two land parcels and two operating properties.
44
the following represents the remaining components that comprise net income attributable to the common stockholders and unit holders:
(in thousands)                                                                       2014              2013              change income from continuing operations before tax                                 $132,774            84,297            48,477
income tax (benefit) of taxable reit subsidiary                                  (996   )             -              (996   )
discontinued operations gain on sale of operating properties, net of tax                                    -            57,953           (57,953   )
operating income                                                                    -             7,332            (7,332   )
(loss) income from discontinued operations                                          -            65,285           (65,285   )
gain on sale of real estate                                                    55,077             1,703            53,374
income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                (1,457   )        (1,481   )            24
preferred stock dividends                                                     (21,062   )       (21,062   )             -
net income attributable to common stockholders                               $166,328           128,742            37,586
net income attributable to exchangeable operating partnership units               319               276                43
net income attributable to common unit holders                               $166,647           129,018            37,629
a $1.0 million tax benefit was recognized in 2014 upon the receipt of a state tax refund from amending our prior tax returns. we recognized $55.1 million of gains on sale of real estate, net of taxes, in 2014 attributable to the sale of eleven operating properties and six land parcels.
we recognized a gain on sale of real estate of $55.1 million during 2014 from the sale of eleven operating properties compared to $58.0 million during 2013 from the sale of twelve operating properties.
supplemental earnings information we use certain non-gaap performance measures, in addition to the required gaap presentations, as we believe these measures are beneficial to us in improving the understanding of the company's operational results among the investing public. we believe such measures make comparisons of other reits' operating results to the company's more meaningful. we continually evaluate the usefulness, relevance, and calculation of our reported non-gaap performance measures to determine how best to provide relevant information to the public, and thus such reported measures could change.
pro-rata same property noi:
our pro-rata same property noi grew 4.1% from the following major components:
(in thousands)                   2015                  2014                        change base rent                               $468,085           451,031           17,054
percentage rent                            5,066             4,885       181
recovery revenue                         136,928           130,922            6,006
other income                               7,644             8,985           (1,341   )
operating expenses                       169,047           164,656            4,391
pro-rata same property noi (1)          $448,676           431,167           17,509
(1) see the end of the supplemental earnings information section for a reconciliation to the nearest gaap measure.
pro-rata same property base rent increased $17.1 million, driven by $5.8 million increase in contractual rent steps and $11.2 million increase in rental rate growth and changes in occupancy.
pro-rata same property recovery revenue increased $6.0 million due to improvements in rent paying occupancy and increases in recoverable costs.
pro-rata same property other income decreased $1.3 million during 2015 as a result of a large settlement fee earned in 2014.
pro-rata same property operating expenses increased $4.4 million primarily associated with increased real estate taxes, property management fees, cleaning, and landscaping costs.
same property rollforward:
our same property pool includes the following property count, pro-rata gla, and changes therein:
2015                                                                                                                                                       2014
(gla in thousands)                                                                             property count          gla          property count          gla beginning same property count                                                                   298             25,526               304             25,109
acquired properties owned for entirety of comparable periods                                      4                427                 6                560
developments that reached completion by beginning of earliest comparable period presented         3                790                 5                360
disposed properties                                                                              (5         )     (260   )           (17         )     (680   )
sf adjustments (1)                                                                                -                 25                 -                177
ending same property count                                                                      300             26,508               298             25,526
(1) sf adjustments arise from remeasurements or redevelopments.
nareit ffo and core ffo:
our reconciliation of net income available to common shareholders to nareit ffo and core ffo is as follows:
(in thousands, except share information)                                       2015              2014
reconciliation of net income to nareit ffo net income attributable to common stockholders                         $128,994           166,328
adjustments to reconcile to nareit ffo:
depreciation and amortization (1)                                       182,103           184,750
provision for impairment (2)                                              1,820               983
gain on sale of operating properties, net of tax (2)                    (36,642   )       (64,960   )
gain on remeasurement of investment in real estate partnership                -           (18,271   )
exchangeable partnership units                                              240               319
nareit ffo attributable to common stockholders                         $276,515           269,149
reconciliation of nareit ffo to core ffo nareit ffo                                                             $276,515           269,149
adjustments to reconcile to core ffo:
development and acquisition pursuit costs (2)(3)                          2,409             2,598
income tax                                                                    -              (996   )
gain on sale of land (2)                                                    (73   )        (3,731   )
provision for impairment to land (2)                                          -               699
interest rate swap ineffectiveness (2)                                        5                30
early extinguishment of debt (2)                                          8,239                51
change in executive management                                            2,193                 -
gain on sale of amreit stock, net of costs (3)                                -            (5,960   )
dividends from investments                                                 (416   )          (334   )
core ffo attributable to common stockholders                           $288,872           261,506
(1) includes regency's pro-rata share of unconsolidated co-investment partnerships, net of pro-rata share attributable to noncontrolling interests.
(2) includes regency's pro-rata share of unconsolidated co-investment partnerships.
(3) 2014 development and acquisition pursuit costs exclude amreit, inc. ("amreit") pursuit costs of $1.8 million, which are shown net with the gain on sale of amreit stock.
45
reconciliation of same property noi to nearest gaap measure:
our reconciliation of property revenues and property expenses to same property noi, on a pro-rata basis, is as follows:
2015                                                         2014
(in thousands)                                                                         same property            other (1)             total          same property           other (1)             total income from continuing operations                                                    $233,580             (116,643   )         116,937            218,753               (85,979   )         132,774
less:
management, transaction, and other fees                                                     -               25,563              25,563                  -                24,095              24,095
other (2)                                                                               6,977                3,081              10,058              8,452                 1,590              10,042
plus:
depreciation and amortization                                                         129,837               16,992             146,829            130,962                16,829             147,791
general and administrative                                                                  -               65,600              65,600                  -                60,242              60,242
other operating expense, excluding provision for doubtful accounts                        536                4,937               5,473                933                 5,606               6,539
other expense (income)                                                                 26,352               83,884             110,236             29,661                53,385              83,046
equity in income (loss) of investments in real estate excluded from noi (3)            65,348                1,787              67,135             59,310                (1,439   )          57,871
pro-rata noi                                                                         $448,676               27,913             476,589            431,167                22,959             454,126
(1) includes revenues and expenses attributable to non-same property, sold property, development property, and corporate activities.
(2) includes straight-line rental income, net of reserves, above and below market rent amortization, banking charges, and other fees.
(3) includes non-noi expenses incurred at our unconsolidated real estate partnerships, including those separated out above for our consolidated properties.
46
liquidity and capital resources our parent company has no capital commitments other than its guarantees of the commitments of our operating partnership. the parent company will from time to time access the capital markets for the purpose of issuing new equity and will simultaneously contribute all of the offering proceeds to the operating partnership in exchange for additional partnership units. all debt is issued by our operating partnership or by our co-investment partnerships. the following table represents the remaining available capacity under our at the market ("atm") equity program and our unsecured credit facilities:
(in thousands)                                                                                             december 31, 2015
atm equity program (see note 12)
total capacity                                                                                 $200,000
remaining capacity                                                                              $83,300
line of credit (the "line") (see note 9)
total capacity                                                                                 $800,000
remaining capacity (1)                                                                         $794,100
maturity (2)                                                                                                        may 2019
(1) net of letters of credit.
(2) the company has the option to extend the maturity for two additional six-month periods.
the following table summarizes net cash flows related to operating, investing, and financing activities of the company:
(in thousands)                                         2015                  2014                       change net cash provided by operating activities                     $275,637            277,742         (2,105   )
net cash used in investing activities                         (139,346   )       (210,290   )     70,944
net cash used in financing activities                         (213,211   )        (34,360   )   (178,851   )
net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents           (76,920   )         33,092       (110,012   )
total cash and cash equivalents                                $36,856            113,776        (76,920   )
net cash provided by operating activities:
net cash provided by operating activities increased by $2.1 million during 2015 as compared to 2014 due to:
•   $18.3 million increase in cash from operating income; and
•   $3.9 million increase in operating cash flow distributions from our unconsolidated real estate partnerships as several redevelopment projects were completed and began distributing cash flows; reduced by,
•   $12.3 million net decrease in cash due to timing of cash receipts and payments related to operating activities; and
•   $11.9 million decrease in cash from payments to settle our treasury hedges in connection with our bond issuances. during 2015 we paid $7.3 million as compared to receiving $4.6 million in 2014 because of changes in the underlying ten year treasury rates.
we operate our business such that we expect net cash provided by operating activities will provide the necessary funds to pay our distributions to our common and preferred stock and unit holders, which were $202.8 million and $194.0 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. our dividend distribution policy is set by our board of directors who monitors our financial position. our board of directors recently declared our common stock quarterly dividend of $0.500 per share, payable on march 3, 2016. future dividends will be declared at the discretion of our board of directors and will be subject to capital requirements and availability. we plan to continue paying an aggregate amount of distributions to our stock and unit holders that, at a minimum, meet the requirements to continue qualifying as a reit for federal income tax purposes.
47
net cash used in investing activities:
net cash used in investing activities decreased by $70.9 million primarily due to a decrease in shopping center acquisitions and development expenditures during 2015:
(in thousands)                                                                       2015               2014          change cash flows from investing activities:
acquisition of operating real estate                                         $(42,983   )       (112,120   )    69,137
advance deposits on acquisition of operating real estate                       (2,250   )              -        (2,250   )
real estate development and capital improvements                             (205,103   )       (238,237   )    33,134
proceeds from sale of real estate investments                                 108,822            118,787        (9,965   )
collection of notes receivable                                                  1,719                  -         1,719
investments in real estate partnerships                                       (20,054   )        (23,577   )     3,523
distributions received from investments in real estate partnerships            23,801             37,152       (13,351   )
dividends on investments                                                          243                243             -
acquisition of securities                                                     (31,941   )        (23,760   )    (8,181   )
proceeds from sale of securities                                               28,400             31,222        (2,822   )
net cash used in investing activities                                       $(139,346   )       (210,290   )    70,944
significant investing and divesting activities included:
•   we acquired one shopping center in 2015, compared to four during 2014.
•   we received proceeds of $108.8 million from the sale of five shopping centers and two out-parcels in 2015, compared to $118.8 million for eleven shopping centers and six out-parcels in 2015.
•   we invested $20.1 million in our unconsolidated partnerships during 2015 to fund our share of maturing mortgage debt and redevelopment activities. in 2014, we invested $23.6 million to acquire an operating property and to fund redevelopment activity.
•   distributions from our unconsolidated partnerships include return of capital from sales or financing proceeds. the $23.8 million received in 2015 includes $12.8 million of proceeds from the sale of one shopping center with a co-investment partner and $11.0 million of financing proceeds. distributions in 2014 were from real estate sales proceeds of $32.1 million and $5.1 million from refinancing a loan.
•   acquisition of securities and proceeds from sale of securities include investments in equity and debt securities. during 2015, we invested $7.9 million of funds held in our captive insurance subsidiary in available-for-sale marketable securities. our insurance subsidiary is required to maintain statutory minimum capital and surplus, and therefore, our access to these securities may be limited. in 2014, we paid $14.3 million for the acquisition of amreit common stock, and received $22.1 million in proceeds upon the subsequent sale. the remaining activity, during both 2015 and 2014, primarily relating to our deferred compensation plan.
we plan to continue developing and redeveloping shopping centers for long-term investment purposes. we deployed capital of $205.1 million for the development, redevelopment, and improvement of our real estate properties as comprised of the following:
48
(in thousands)                                      2015                  2014                     change capital expenditures:
land acquisitions for development / redevelopment            $5,135            34,650       (29,515   )
building and tenant improvements                             30,103            35,759        (5,656   )
redevelopment costs                                          50,933            48,853         2,080
development costs                                           100,111            98,367         1,744
capitalized interest                                          6,740             7,141          (401   )
capitalized direct compensation                              12,081            13,467        (1,386   )
real estate development and capital improvements           $205,103           238,237       (33,134   )
•   during 2015 we acquired two land parcels for new development projects as compared to six in 2014.
•   building and tenant improvements decreased $5.7 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 primarily related to timing of capital projects.
•   redevelopment expenditures were higher during 2015 due to the timing, magnitude, and number of projects currently in process. we intend to continuously improve our portfolio of shopping centers through redevelopment which can include adjacent land acquisition, existing building expansion, new out-parcel building construction, and tenant improvement costs. the size and scope of each redevelopment project varies with each redevelopment plan.
•   the $1.7 million increase in our development project expenditures was due to the size of and progress on developments. see the table below for a detail of current and recently completed development projects.
•   capitalized direct compensation represents overhead costs of our development and construction team directly related to the development projects, with the majority of capitalizable direct compensation costs incurred at or near inception of a development project. the decreased number and size of projects starting in 2015 as compared to 2014 resulted in the decrease in capitalized compensation costs. during 2015 we started $106.1 million of development and redevelopment projects as compared to $213.7 million in 2014.
we have a staff of employees who directly support our development and redevelopment program. internal compensation costs directly attributable to these activities are capitalized as part of each project as summarized in the table above. changes in the level of future development and redevelopment activity could adversely impact results of operations by reducing the amount of internal costs for development and redevelopment projects that may be capitalized. a 10% reduction in development and redevelopment activity without a corresponding reduction in the compensation costs directly related to our development and redevelopment activities could result in an additional charge to net income of $1.4 million per year.
as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had seven development projects that were either under construction or in lease up. the following table summarizes our development projects:
december 31, 2015
(in thousands, except cost psf)
property name                                 location              start date          estimated net development costs (1)         % of costs incurred         gla            cost psf gla (1)         estimated/actual anchor opens brooklyn station on riverside                 jacksonville, fl      q4-13                              15,070                            84           %      50                     301                 oct-14
willow oaks crossing                          concord, nc           q2-14                              13,777                            95           %      69                     200                 dec-15
cityline market                               richardson, tx        q3-14                              27,740                            78           %      80                     347                 apr-16
belmont shopping center                       ashburn, va           q3-14                              28,286                            88           %      91                     311                 aug-15
the village at la floresta                    brea, ca              q4-14                              33,116                            83           %      87                     381                 feb-16
cityline market phase ii                      richardson, tx        q4-15                               6,172                            43           %      21                     281                 may-16
northgate marketplace phase ii                medford, or           q4-15                              39,690                            12           %     179                     222                 nov-16
$163,851                            65           %     577                    $284           (2)
(1) includes leasing costs, and is net of tenant reimbursements.
(2) amount represents a weighted average.
49
the following table summarizes our completed development projects:
december 31, 2015
(in thousands, except cost psf)
property name                  location         completion date            net development costs (1)         gla            cost psf gla (1)
fountain square                miami, fl        6/30/2015                         $55,937                177                    $316
persimmon place                dublin, ca       9/30/2015                          59,976                153       392
total                                                                            $115,913                330                    $351
(1) includes leasing costs, and is net of tenant reimbursements.
net cash used in financing activities:
net cash flows used in financing activities increased by $178.9 million during 2015 primarily from debt repayments, net of proceeds from debt and equity issuances, as follows:
(in thousands)                                                                             2015                  2014                           change cash flows from financing activities:
equity issuances                                                                                  $198,494            102,453             96,041
stock and operating partnership unit redemptions                                                         -               (300   )   300
(distributions to) contributions from limited partners in consolidated partnerships, net            (5,341   )         (5,303   )            (38   )
dividend payments                                                                                 (202,753   )       (193,962   )         (8,791   )
unsecured credit facilities, net                                                                    90,000                  -             90,000
debt issuance                                                                                      238,435            258,378            (19,943   )
debt repayment                                                                                    (532,046   )       (195,626   )       (336,420   )
other                                                                                                    -                  -                  -
net cash used in financing activities                                                            $(213,211   )        (34,360   )       (178,851   )
significant financing activities during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 include:
•   during 2015, the parent company issued 2.9 million shares of common stock in an underwritten forward public equity offering that settled in november 2015 resulting in net proceeds of $185.8 million. additionally, the parent company issued 189,000 shares of common stock through its atm program at an average price of $67.86 per share resulting in net proceeds of $12.7 million. during 2014, the parent company issued 1.7 million shares of common stock through our atm program at an average price of $60.00 per share. the proceeds were used to repay debt and fund investment activities.
•   during 2015, we increased our dividend distribution rate on our common stock and operating partnership units.
•   during 2015, we borrowed $90.0 million on our term loan, with no such borrowings during 2014.
•   during both 2015 and 2014, we issued new $250.0 million fixed rate ten-year unsecured public debt, net of discount and issuance costs, and received proceeds of $4.3 million and $10 million from a non-recourse property mortgages during 2015 and 2014, respectively.
•   during 2015, we used $532.0 million to repay debt, including $350.0 million to repay our 5.25% fixed rate ten-year unsecured public debt that matured in august 2015, $100 million to redeem a portion of our 2017 unsecured public debt in november 2015, $76.2 million to repay three mortgages that matured in 2015, and $5.9 million for scheduled principal payments. during 2014, we used $195.6 million to repay debt, including $150.0 million to repay our 4.95% fixed-rate ten-year unsecured public debt that matured, $38.7 million to repay mortgages that matured in 2014, and $6.9 million for scheduled principal payments.
we endeavor to maintain a high percentage of unencumbered assets. as of december 31, 2015, 80.3% of our wholly-owned real estate assets were unencumbered. such assets allow us to access the secured and unsecured debt markets and to maintain availability on the line. our coverage ratio, including our pro-rata share of our partnerships, was 2.8 and 2.5 times for the trailing four quarters ended december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014, respectively. we define our coverage ratio as earnings before interest, taxes, investment transaction profits net of deal costs, depreciation and amortization ("core ebitda")
50
divided by the sum of the gross interest and scheduled mortgage principal paid to our lenders plus dividends paid to our preferred stockholders.
through the end of 2016, we estimate that we will require approximately $198.7 million of cash, including $126.2 million to complete in-process developments and redevelopments, $41.4 million to repay maturing debt, and $31.1 million to fund our pro-rata share of estimated capital contributions to our co-investment partnerships for repayment of debt. if we start new developments or redevelop additional shopping centers, our cash requirements will increase. if we refinance maturing debt, our cash requirements will decrease. to meet our cash requirements, we may utilize cash generated from operations, proceeds from the sale of real estate, available borrowings from our line, and when the capital markets are favorable, proceeds from the sale of equity and the issuance of new long-term debt.
we continuously monitor the capital markets and evaluate our ability to issue new debt, to repay maturing debt or fund our commitments. based upon the current capital markets, our current credit ratings, and the number of high quality, unencumbered properties that we own which could collateralize borrowings, we currently expect that we will successfully issue new secured or unsecured debt to fund our obligations, as needed.
we have $300.0 million of fixed rate, unsecured debt maturing june 15, 2017. we expect to issue new fixed rate unsecured debt in 2017. in order to mitigate the risk of interest rate volatility, we previously entered into $220.0 million of forward starting interest rate swaps to partially hedge the new long-term debt issued in 2017. these interest rate swaps lock in the 10-year treasury rate and swap spread at a weighted average fixed rate of 3.48%, respectively. a current market based credit spread applicable to regency will be added to the locked in fixed rate at time of issuance that will determine the final bond yield. we will cash settle these forward starting interest rate swaps when we issue the new debt. the actual cash settlement may differ from the current fair value of these interest rate swaps based on movements in interest rates.
our line, term loan, and unsecured loans require that we remain in compliance with various covenants, which are described in note 9 to the consolidated financial statements. we are in compliance with these covenants at december 31, 2015 and expect to remain in compliance.
contractual obligations we have debt obligations related to our mortgage loans, unsecured notes, unsecured credit facilities and interest rate swap obligations as described further below and in note 9 and note 10 to the consolidated financial statements. we have shopping centers that are subject to non-cancelable long-term ground leases where a third party owns and has leased the underlying land to us to construct and/or operate a shopping center. in addition, we have non-cancelable operating leases pertaining to office space from which we conduct our business.
the following table of contractual obligations summarizes our debt maturities, including our pro-rata share of obligations within co-investment partnerships as of december 31, 2015, and excludes the following:
•   recorded debt premiums or discounts that are not obligations;
•   obligations related to construction or development contracts, since payments are only due upon satisfactory performance under the contracts;
•   letters of credit of $5.9 million issued to cover performance obligations on certain development projects, which will be satisfied upon completion of the development projects; and
•   obligations for retirement savings plans due to uncertainty around timing of participant withdrawals, which are solely within the control of the participant, and are further discussed in note 14 to the consolidated financial statements.
51
payments due by period
(in thousands)                                             2016              2017              2018              2019              2020            beyond 5 years               total notes payable:
regency (1)                                        $135,616           497,180           122,626           329,140           280,824             909,264                $2,274,650
regency's share of joint ventures (1) (2)            59,278            44,641            46,087            39,511           101,004             329,155                   619,676
operating leases:
regency                                               3,707             2,823             2,475             2,203             2,066              10,154                    23,428
subleases:
regency                                                (123   )           (46   )             -                 -                 -                   -                      (169   )
ground leases:
regency                                               4,866             4,822             4,899             4,903             4,327             243,746                   267,563
regency's share of joint ventures                       414               414               414               420               422              41,346                    43,430
total                                              $203,758           549,834           176,501           376,177           388,643           1,533,665                $3,228,578
(1) includes interest payments.
(2) we are obligated to contribute our pro-rata share to fund maturities if they are not refinanced. we believe that our partners are financially sound and have sufficient capital or access thereto to fund future capital requirements.  in the event that a co-investment partner was unable to fund its share of the capital requirements of the co-investment partnership, we would have the right, but not the obligation, to loan the defaulting partner the amount of its capital call.
critical accounting estimates knowledge about our accounting policies is necessary for a complete understanding of our financial statements. the preparation of our financial statements requires that we make certain estimates that impact the balance of assets and liabilities as of a financial statement date and the reported amount of income and expenses during a financial reporting period. these accounting estimates are based upon, but not limited to, our judgments about historical and expected future results, current market conditions, and interpretation of industry accounting standards. they are considered to be critical because of their significance to the financial statements and the possibility that future events may differ from those judgments, or that the use of different assumptions could result in materially different estimates. we review these estimates on a periodic basis to ensure reasonableness; however, the amounts we may ultimately realize could differ from such estimates.
accounts receivable and straight line rent minimum rent, percentage rent, and expense recoveries from tenants for common area maintenance costs, insurance and real estate taxes are the company's principal source of revenue. as a result of generating this revenue, we will routinely have accounts receivable due from tenants. we are subject to tenant defaults and bankruptcies that may affect the collection of outstanding receivables. to address the collectability of these receivables, we analyze historical tenant collection rates, write-off experience, tenant credit-worthiness and current economic trends when evaluating the adequacy of our allowance for doubtful accounts and straight line rent reserve. although we estimate uncollectible receivables and provide for them through charges against income, actual experience may differ from those estimates.
real estate investments acquisition of real estate investments upon acquisition of real estate operating properties, the company estimates the fair value of acquired tangible assets (consisting of land, building, building improvements and tenant improvements) and identified intangible assets and liabilities (consisting of above and below-market leases and in-place leases), assumed debt, and any noncontrolling interest in the acquiree at the date of acquisition, based on evaluation of information and estimates available at that date. based on these estimates, the company allocates the estimated fair value to the applicable assets and liabilities. fair value is determined based on an exit price approach, which contemplates the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. if, up to one year from the acquisition date, information regarding fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed is received and estimates are refined, appropriate adjustments are made to the purchase price allocation on a retrospective basis. the company expenses transaction costs associated with business combinations in the period incurred.
we strategically co-invest with partners to own, manage, acquire, develop and redevelop operating properties. we analyze our investments in real estate partnerships in order to determine whether the entity should be consolidated. if it is determined that these investments do not require consolidation because the entities are not variable interest entities ("vies"), we are not considered the primary beneficiary of the entities determined to be vies, we do not have voting control, and/or the limited partners (or non-managing members) have substantive participatory rights, then the selection of the accounting method used to account for our investments in real estate partnerships is generally determined by our voting interests and the degree of influence we have over the entity. management uses its judgment when making these determinations. we use the equity method of accounting for investments in real estate partnerships when we own 20% or more of the voting interests and have significant influence but do not have a controlling financial interest, or if we own less than 20% of the voting interests but have determined that we have significant influence. under the equity method, we record our investments in and advances to these entities as investments in real estate partnerships in our consolidated balance sheets, and our proportionate share of earnings or losses earned by the joint venture is recognized in equity in income (loss) of investments in real estate partnerships in our consolidated statements of operations.
development of real estate assets and cost capitalization we capitalize the acquisition of land, the construction of buildings, and other specifically identifiable development costs incurred by recording them in properties in development in our accompanying consolidated balance sheets. other specifically identifiable development costs include pre-development costs essential to the development process, as well as, interest, real estate taxes, and direct employee costs incurred during the development period. once a development property is substantially complete and held available for occupancy, these indirect costs are no longer capitalized.
52
•   pre-development costs are incurred prior to land acquisition during the due diligence phase and include contract deposits, legal, engineering, and other professional fees related to evaluating the feasibility of developing a shopping center. if we determine it is probable that a specific project undergoing due diligence will not be developed, we immediately expense all related capitalized pre-development costs not considered recoverable.
•   interest costs are capitalized to each development project based on applying our weighted average borrowing rate to that portion of the actual development costs expended. we cease interest cost capitalization when the property is no longer being developed or is available for occupancy upon substantial completion of tenant improvements, but in no event would we capitalize interest on the project beyond 12 months after the anchor opens for business. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, we capitalized interest of $6.7 million, $7.1 million, and $6.1 million, respectively, on our development projects.
•   real estate taxes are capitalized to each development project over the same period as we capitalize interest.
•   we have a staff of employees who directly support our development program. all direct internal costs attributable to these development activities are capitalized as part of each development project. the capitalization of costs is directly related to the actual level of development activity occurring. during the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014, and 2013, we capitalized $13.8 million, $16.1 million, and $11.7 million, respectively, of direct internal costs incurred to support our development program.
valuation of real estate investments we evaluate whether there are any indicators that have occurred, including property operating performance and general market conditions, that would result in us determining that the carrying value of our real estate properties (including any related amortizable intangible assets or liabilities) may not be recoverable. if such indicators occur, we compare the current carrying value of the asset to the estimated undiscounted cash flows that are directly associated with the use and ultimate disposition of the asset. our estimated cash flows are based on several key assumptions, including rental rates, costs of tenant improvements, leasing commissions, anticipated hold period, and assumptions regarding the residual value upon disposition, including the exit capitalization rate. these key assumptions are subjective in nature and the resulting impairment, if any, could differ from the actual gain or loss recognized upon ultimate sale in an arm's length transaction. if the carrying value of the asset exceeds the estimated undiscounted cash flows, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the excess of carrying value over fair value. changes in our disposition strategy or changes in the marketplace may alter the hold period of an asset or asset group, which may result in an impairment loss and such loss could be material to the company's financial condition or operating performance.
we evaluate our investments in real estate partnerships for impairment whenever there are indicators, including underlying property operating performance and general market conditions, that the value of our investments in real estate partnerships may be impaired. an investment in a real estate partnerships is considered impaired only if we determine that its fair value is less than the net carrying value of the investment in that real estate partnerships on an other-than-temporary basis. cash flow projections for the investments consider property level factors, such as expected future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors. we consider various qualitative factors to determine if a decrease in the value of our investment is other-than-temporary. these factors include the age of the real estate partnerships, our intent and ability to retain our investment in the entity, the financial condition and long-term prospects of the entity and relationships with our partners and banks. if we believe that the decline in the fair value of the investment is temporary, no impairment charge is recorded. if our analysis indicates that there is an other-than-temporary impairment related to the investment in a particular real estate partnership, the carrying value of the investment will be adjusted to an amount that reflects the estimated fair value of the investment.
the fair value of real estate investments is subjective and is determined through comparable sales information and other market data if available, or through use of an income approach such as the direct capitalization or the traditional discounted cash flow methods. such cash flow projections consider factors such as expected future operating income, trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition and other factors, and therefore are subject to management judgment and changes in those factors could impact the determination of fair value. in estimating the fair value of undeveloped land, we generally use market data and comparable sales information.
derivative instruments the company utilizes financial derivative instruments to manage risks associated with changing interest rates. specifically, the company enters into derivative financial instruments to manage exposures that arise from business activities that result in the receipt or future payment of known and uncertain cash amounts, the amount of which are determined by interest rates.  the company's derivative financial instruments are used to manage differences in the amount, timing, and duration of the company's known or expected cash payments principally related to the company's borrowings.  for additional information on the company's use and accounting for derivatives, see notes 1 and 10 to the consolidated financial statements.
53
the company assesses effectiveness of our cash flow hedges both at inception and on an ongoing basis. the effective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges is recorded in other comprehensive income which is included in accumulated other comprehensive loss on our consolidated balance sheet and our consolidated statement of equity. our cash flow hedges become ineffective if critical terms of the hedging instrument and the debt instrument do not perfectly match such as notional amounts, settlement dates, reset dates, calculation period and libor rate.  if a cash flow hedge is deemed ineffective, the ineffective portion of changes in fair value of the interest rate swaps associated with our cash flow hedges is recognized in earnings in the period affected.
the fair value of the company's interest rate derivatives is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative.  this analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves and implied volatilities.  the company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty's nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements.
recent accounting pronouncements see note 1 to consolidated financial statements.
environmental matters we are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations as they apply to our shopping centers pertaining to chemicals used by the dry cleaning industry, the existence of asbestos in older shopping centers, and underground petroleum storage tanks. we believe that the tenants who currently operate dry cleaning plants or gas stations do so in accordance with current laws and regulations. generally, we use all legal means to cause tenants to remove dry cleaning plants from our shopping centers or convert them to more environmentally friendly systems. where available, we have applied and been accepted into state-sponsored environmental programs. we have a blanket environmental insurance policy for third-party liabilities and remediation costs on shopping centers that currently have no known environmental contamination. we have also placed environmental insurance, where possible, on specific properties with known contamination, in order to mitigate our environmental risk. we monitor the shopping centers containing environmental issues and in certain cases voluntarily remediate the sites. we also have legal obligations to remediate certain sites and we are in the process of doing so.
as of december 31, 2015 we had accrued liabilities of $9.1 million for our pro-rata share of environmental remediation. we believe that the ultimate disposition of currently known environmental matters will not have a material effect on our financial position, liquidity, or results of operations; however, we can give no assurance that existing environmental studies on our shopping centers have revealed all potential environmental liabilities; that any previous owner, occupant or tenant did not create any material environmental condition not known to us; that the current environmental condition of the shopping centers will not be affected by tenants and occupants, by the condition of nearby properties, or by unrelated third parties; or that changes in applicable environmental laws and regulations or their interpretation will not result in additional environmental liability to us.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have off-balance sheet arrangements, financings, or other relationships with other unconsolidated entities (other than our unconsolidated investment partnerships) or other persons, also known as variable interest entities, not previously discussed. our unconsolidated investment partnership properties have been financed with non-recourse loans. we have no guarantees related to these loans.
inflation/deflation inflation has been historically low and has had a minimal impact on the operating performance of our shopping centers; however, inflation may become a greater concern in the future. substantially all of our long-term leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. most of our leases require tenants to pay their pro-rata share of operating expenses, including common-area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation. in addition, many of our leases are for terms of less than ten years, which permits us to seek increased rents upon re-rental at market rates. however, during deflationary periods or periods of economic weakness, minimum rents and percentage rents will decline as the supply of available retail space exceeds demand and consumer spending declines. occupancy declines resulting from a weak economic period will also likely result in lower recovery rates of our operating expenses.
54
