item 1a.    risk factors the reader should carefully consider the following risk factors and the other information contained within this document. the risks set forth below are those that management believes are most likely to have a material adverse effect on us. we may also be subject to other risks or uncertainties not presently known to us. if any of the following risks or uncertainties actually occurs, it may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and prospects.
risks specific to the pending acquisition we cannot predict when or if the pending acquisition will close.     the acquisition of the 58% equity interest and 50% voting interest of millercoors that we do not already own and the miller brand portfolio outside of the u.s. and puerto rico is contingent upon a number of conditions beyond our control, including the closing of the abi-sabmiller transaction. the closing of the abi-sabmiller transaction is subject to conditions beyond our control, including, among other things, receipt of international and u.s. regulatory approvals. the acquisition will also require us to obtain regulatory approvals in the u.s. and
15
certain other jurisdictions. we are, therefore, unable to accurately predict when or if the pending acquisition will close. if we are unable to close the acquisition for any reason, we will not realize the potential benefits of the acquisition, which may have a material adverse effect on our business prospects.
we may not be able to realize anticipated cost synergies from the pending acquisition. the success of the pending acquisition will depend, in part, on our ability to realize anticipated cost synergies. our success in realizing these cost synergies, and the timing of this realization, depends on the successful integration of our business and operations with the acquired business and operations. even if we are able to integrate the acquired businesses and operations successfully, this integration may not result in the realization of the full benefits of the cost synergies of the pending acquisition that we currently expect within the anticipated time frame or at all.
the pending acquisition will subject us to significant additional liabilities and other risks. following the pending acquisition, we will be subject to substantially all the liabilities of millercoors, including, among others, significant pension liabilities. we will also be subject to the risks of the u.s. beer market to a much greater extent, and a significant majority of our overall business will be in mature, low growth beer markets, such as the u.s., canada and the u.k. the pending acquisition and subsequent integration process will be complex, costly, time-consuming and divert management's time and attention, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may be unable to obtain the regulatory approvals required to complete the pending acquisition or, in order to do so, we may be required to satisfy material conditions or comply with material restrictions.     in addition to the international and u.s. regulatory approvals needed to close the abi-sabmiller transaction, the consummation of the pending acquisition is also subject to review and approval by regulatory authorities, including by the united states department of justice. we can provide no assurance that all required regulatory approvals will be obtained in order to consummate the pending acquisition. we have agreed to take all actions necessary, and assist and cooperate in doing all things necessary, to avoid or eliminate any legal impediments to the pending acquisition, including divesting of up to $4 billion in assets. there can be no assurance as to the cost, scope or impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects of the actions that may be required to obtain regulatory approvals. any such divestitures or other actions could have a material adverse effect on the business of both us and millercoors and substantially diminish the synergies and other advantages which we expect from the pending acquisition. in addition, we may not be able to affect any divestitures at an acceptable price or at all.
the pending acquisition will impact our financial position. we will need to raise significant capital to fund the pending acquisition and such capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms. we expect to incur a substantial amount of additional indebtedness in connection with the pending acquisition in addition to our class b common stock offering completed in february 2016. if we are unable to raise significant additional capital on acceptable terms we may need to rely on our bridge loan agreement, which may result in substantially higher borrowing costs and a shorter maturity than those from other anticipated financing alternatives. in addition, ratings agencies may downgrade our credit ratings below their current investment grade levels as the results of additional indebtedness related to the pending acquisition. a ratings downgrade could increase our costs of borrowing and harm our ability to finance the pending acquisition on acceptable terms or refinance our debt in the future.
as a result of the need to raise significant financing to fund the pending acquisition, we currently intend to hold per share dividends constant and have suspended both our dividend target of 18% to 22% of trailing annualized ebitda and our share repurchase program. we also intend to use cash from operations to fund the acquisition and service and reduce our debt level, which will reduce funds available for other operational or strategic needs and may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions.
the incurrence of future indebtedness to fund the pending acquisition may subject us to additional financial and operating restrictions. future indebtedness may subject us to additional financial and operating covenants, which may limit our flexibility in responding to our business needs. if we are not able to maintain compliance with stated financial covenants or if we breach other covenants in any debt agreement, we could be in default under such agreement. such a default may allow our creditors to accelerate the related indebtedness and may result in the acceleration of any other indebtedness to which a cross-acceleration or cross-default provision applies.
our overall leverage and terms of our financing could, among other things:
•   limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions;
•   make it more difficult to satisfy our obligations under the terms of our indebtedness;
•   limit our ability to refinance our indebtedness on terms acceptable to us or at all;
16
•   limit our flexibility to plan for and adjust to changing business and market conditions and increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow to make interest and principal payments on our debt, thereby limiting the availability of our cash flow to fund future acquisitions, working capital, business activities, and other general corporate requirements; and
•   limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, to fund growth or for general corporate purposes, even when necessary to maintain adequate liquidity, particularly if any ratings assigned to our debt securities by rating organizations were revised downward.
we face numerous risks associated with the pending acquisition and integration of the miller brand portfolio outside the u.s. and puerto rico. the pending acquisition of the miller brand portfolio outside of the u.s. and puerto rico may subject us to unknown expenses and liabilities due to our limited due diligence of the business, including among other things, the absence of historical financial statements for this part of the business. the success of our acquisition of the miller brand portfolio outside of the u.s. and puerto rico will depend, in part, on our ability to realize all or some of the anticipated synergies and other benefits from integrating its business with our existing businesses and operations. the integration process may be complex, costly and time-consuming as the miller brand portfolio assets are in over 50 foreign countries. the difficulties of integrating the operations include, among others:
•failure to implement our business plan for the combined business;
•unanticipated issues in integrating manufacturing, logistics, information, communications and other systems;
•possible inconsistencies in standards, controls, contracts, procedures and policies;
•impacts of change in control provisions in contracts and agreements;
•failure to retain key customers and suppliers;
•unanticipated changes in applicable laws and regulations;
•failure to recruit and retain key employees to operate the combined business;
•inherent operating risks in the business;
•unanticipated issues, expenses and liabilities;
•unfamiliarity with operating in many of the countries in which the international miller brand portfolio operates;
•reliance on a competitor, abi, to provide transition services for this business;
•failure to develop sustainable routes to market upon the expiration of abi's transition services;
•difficulty in fully separating the miller brand portfolio from sabmiller's current brand portfolio; and
•inability to perform satisfactory due diligence on the business prior to closing of the acquisition.
we may not be able to maintain the levels of revenue, earnings or operating efficiency that each of the company and the international miller brand portfolio had achieved or might achieve separately. although we have a downward purchase price adjustment if the unaudited u.s. gaap ebitda for the international miller brand portfolio for the four quarters prior to closing is below $70 million, such adjustment may not be adequate to protect us from the future harm of acquiring an underperforming or declining brand portfolio. in addition, we may not accomplish the integration of the international miller brand portfolio smoothly, successfully or within the anticipated costs or timeframe. moreover, the markets in which the international miller brand portfolio operates may not experience the growth rates expected and any economic downturn affecting those markets could negatively impact the international miller brand portfolio. these markets are in differing stages of development and may experience more volatility than expected or face more operating risks than in the more mature markets in which we have historically operated. if we experience difficulties with the integration process or if the international miller brand portfolio or the markets in which it operates deteriorate, the potential cost savings, growth opportunities and other synergies of the acquisition of the miller brand portfolio outside the u.s. and puerto rico may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected. in such case, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be negatively impacted.
if we are unable to consummate the pending acquisition, our stock price may be adversely affected and our financial condition may materially suffer.    if the pending acquisition is not completed for any reason, the trading price of our class a
17
common stock or class b common stock may decline to the extent that the market price of our class a common stock or class b common stock reflects positive market assumptions that the pending acquisition will be completed and the related benefits will be realized. in addition, if the acquisition is not completed our financial condition could materially suffer, including:
•   subject to certain reimbursement rights under the purchase agreement, the incurrence of significant costs related to the acquisition without the associated benefits of completing the acquisition, such as legal, accounting, filing, financial advisory, bridge and term loan financing and integration costs that have already been incurred or will continue up to the closing of the acquisition. the amount of such operating expenses, fees and capital expenditures we incur in connection with the acquisition will be based on a variety of factors but may be material;
•   increased dividend costs as a result additional capital stock issued without the associated benefits of completing the pending acquisition;
•   if we complete a financing of debt securities prior to closing the pending acquisition, the incurrence of significant interest expense and potential redemption premiums with respect to such debt securities without the associated benefits of completing the pending acquisition; and
•   potential disruption to our business and distraction of our workforce and management team.
we will incur substantial transaction fees and costs in connection with the pending acquisition. we expect to incur a significant amount of non-recurring expenses in connection with the pending acquisition, including legal, accounting, financial advisory and other expenses. subject to certain reimbursement rights under the purchase agreement, many of these expenses are payable by us whether or not the pending acquisition is completed. additional unanticipated costs may be incurred following consummation of the pending acquisition in the course of the integration of our businesses with that of millercoors and the international miller brand portfolio. we cannot be certain that the elimination of duplicative costs or the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will offset the transaction and integration costs in the near term, or at all.
the pending acquisition will significantly increase our goodwill and other intangible assets. we have a significant amount, and following the pending acquisition will have an additional amount, of goodwill and other intangible assets on our consolidated financial statements that are subject to impairment based upon future adverse changes in our business or prospects. the impairment of any goodwill and other intangible assets may have a negative impact on our consolidated results of operations.
risks specific to our company the global beer industry is constantly evolving, and our position within the global beer industry and our markets in which we operate may fundamentally change. if we do not successfully transform along with the evolving industry and market dynamics, then the result could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.  the brewing industry has significantly evolved over the years becoming an increasingly global beer market. for many years, the industry operated primarily on local presence with modest international expansion achieved through export, license and partnership arrangements, whereas it has now become increasingly complex as the consolidation of brewers has occurred globally resulting in fewer major global market participants. at the same time, smaller local brewers within certain geographies are seeing accelerated growth as consumers increasingly place value on locally-produced, regionally-sourced products. as a result of the increased global consolidation of brewers and the dynamic of an expanding new segment within the industry with new market entrants, the markets in which we operate, particularly the more mature markets, may evolve at a disadvantage to our current market position and local governments may intervene, which may fundamentally accelerate transformational changes to such markets. for example, u.s. and canada beer markets have long consisted of a select number of significant market participants with government-regulated routes to market. however, recent evolution in these markets and emerging changes to consumer preferences have introduced a significant expansion of market entrants and resulted in increased consumer choice and market competition, as well as increased government scrutiny. specifically, in canada changes to the existing historical framework of regulations, distribution models, and packaging requirements, such as government-owned retail outlets and industry standard returnable bottles may be disadvantageous to us. currently, in ontario and other provinces, provincial governments are reviewing this historical foundation as a result of this market evolution and increased demand by some for government intervention to enhance competition and choice. as further described below, in addition to these risks related to growing competition and market evolution, the existing ontario distribution models may be changed in ways that are unfavorable to us and the industry standard returnable bottle agreement may change in ways that adversely impact our operating model across canada. if we are unsuccessful in evolving with, and navigating through, the changes to the markets in which we operate, the above risk could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
18
competition in our markets could require us to reduce prices or increase capital and other expenditures or cause us to lose sales volume, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    in most of our markets, our primary competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, production and distribution resources than we do, and are more diverse in terms of their geographies and brand portfolios. in all of the markets in which we operate, aggressive marketing strategies, such as reduced pricing, brand positioning, and increased capital investments by these competitors could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. in addition, continuing consolidation among major global brewers may lead to stronger or new competitors, loss of partner brands, negative impacts on our distributor networks and predatory marketing and pricing tactics by competitors. further, distributor consolidation could reduce our ability to promote our brands in the market in a manner that enhances rather than diminishes their value, as well as reducing our ability to manage our pricing effectively. these factors could result in lower margins or loss of market share, due to increased pressures for reduced pricing or difficulties in increasing prices while remaining competitive within our markets, as well as the need for increased capital investment, marketing and other expenditures. moreover, several of our major markets are mature, so growth opportunities may be more limited to us than to our competitors. the above risk, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
our success as an enterprise depends largely on the success of relatively few products in several mature markets specific to the beer industry; if consumer preferences shift away from our products or consumption of our products decline, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected.    our coors light and molson canadian brands in canada, coors light and miller lite brands in the u.s., and carling, staropramen, jelen, ozujsko and coors light brands in europe represented half of each respective segment's sales volumes in 2015. additionally, several of our brands represent a significant share of their respective market, therefore volatility in these markets could disproportionately impact the performance of these brands. consequently, any material shift in consumer preferences away from these brands, or from the categories in which they compete, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. consumer preferences and tastes may shift away from our brands or beer generally due to, among others, changing taste preferences, demographics, downturn in economic conditions or perceived value, as well as changes in consumers' perception of our brands due to negative publicity, regulatory actions or litigation. additionally, in some of our major markets, specifically canada and the u.s., there has been a recent shift in consumer preferences within the total beer market away from premium brands to "craft beer" produced by small, regional microbreweries, as well as a shift within the total alcohol beverage market from beer to wine and spirits. moreover, several of our major markets are mature and we have significant share, therefore small movements in consumer preference can disproportionately impact our results. as a result, a shift in consumer preferences away from our products or beer could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
continued weak, or further weakening of, economic conditions in the markets in which we do business could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. beer consumption in many of our markets is closely tied to general economic conditions and a significant portion of our portfolio consists of premium and above premium brands. difficult macroeconomic conditions in our markets, such as decreases in per capita income and level of disposable income driven by increases to inflation, income taxes, the cost of living, unemployment levels, political or economic instability or other country specific factors could have an adverse effect on the demand for our products. for example, we have continued to experience economic pressures in certain european markets through 2015, resulting in an increased consumer trend toward value brands within the impacted markets. this trend, along with other contributing factors, negatively impacted sales, as well as impairments of certain european brands, including jelen, which were recorded in the third quarter of 2015. a continuation of this trend or further deterioration of the current economic conditions could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we may incur impairments of the carrying value of our goodwill and other intangible assets.    in connection with various business combinations, we have historically allocated material amounts of the related purchase prices to goodwill and other intangible assets that are considered to have indefinite useful lives. these assets are tested for impairment at least annually, using estimates and assumptions affected by factors such as economic and industry conditions and changes in operating performance. additionally, in conjunction with the brand impairment tests, we also reassess each brand's indefinite-life classification. potential resulting charges from an impairment of goodwill or brand intangible, as well as reclassification of an indefinite-lived to a definite-lived brand intangible, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. for example, the results of our interim brand impairment review completed in the third quarter of 2015, indicated that the fair value of certain european indefinite-lived brand intangible assets were below their respective carrying values. as a result, we recorded an aggregate impairment charge of $275.0 million recorded within special items in our consolidated statements of operations during the third quarter of 2015. additionally, during this review, we also reassessed each brand's indefinite-life classification and determined that these impaired brands have characteristics that have evolved which now indicate a definite-life is more appropriate. these brands have therefore been reclassified as definite-lived intangible assets to be amortized over useful lives ranging from 30 to 50 years.
19
our most recent impairment analysis, conducted as of october 1, 2015, the first day of our fiscal fourth quarter, indicated that while our canada reporting unit improved from the prior year, our europe reporting unit declined and was determined to be at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. specifically, the fair value of the europe and canada reporting units were estimated at approximately 9% and 20% in excess of their carrying values, respectively. additionally, the fair value of the molson core brands in canada, were also at risk of failing the quantitative analysis of the indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment test as of october 1, 2015. the europe reporting unit, and molson core brands in canada, are therefore at risk of a future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including prolonged, or further weakening of, adverse economic conditions or significant unfavorable changes in tax, environmental or other regulations, including interpretations thereof), terminal growth rates, market transaction multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analysis. although the fair value in excess the of carrying value has increased for the canada reporting unit from the october 1, 2014 testing date, the fair value is sensitive to potential unfavorable changes in forecasted cash flows, macroeconomic conditions, market multiples or discount rates that could have an adverse impact. any future impairment of the europe or canada reporting units or molson or other brands, or reclassification of indefinite-lived brands to definite-lived, may result in material charges that could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. additionally, the testing of our goodwill for impairment is predicated upon our determination of our reporting units. any change to the conclusion of our reporting units or the aggregation of components within our reporting units could result in a different outcome to our annual impairment test. see part ii-item 7 management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations, critical accounting estimates and part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "goodwill and intangible assets" of the notes for additional information related to the results of our annual impairment testing.
termination of one or more manufacturer/distribution agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    we manufacture and/or distribute products of other beverage companies through various joint venture, licensing, distribution, contract brewing or other similar arrangements. the loss of one or more of these arrangements, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. for example, our 2015 europe results were adversely impacted by the termination of our brewing and kegging agreement with heineken under which we produced and packaged the foster's and kronenbourg brands in the u.k. additionally, canada volumes were also adversely impacted by the termination of our license agreement with miller brewing company ("miller") in 2015. further, subsequent to abi's acquisition of grupo modelo in 2013, we entered into an agreement to accelerate the termination of our mmi joint venture that imported, distributed and marketed the modelo beer brand portfolio across all canadian provinces and territories, which resulted in an adverse impact on our 2015 and 2014 canadian volumes upon final termination in the first quarter of 2014.
changes in various supply chain standards or agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    our business includes various joint venture and industry agreements which standardize parts of the supply chain system. an example includes our warehousing and customer delivery systems organized under joint venture agreements with other brewers. any negative change in these agreements or material terms within these agreements could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we rely on a small number of suppliers to obtain the packaging materials we need to operate our business. the inability to obtain materials could unfavorably affect our ability to produce our products.    we purchase certain types of packaging materials including aluminum cans and bottles, glass bottles and paperboard from a small number of suppliers. consolidation of packaging materials suppliers has reduced local supply alternatives and increased risks of supply disruptions. the inability of any of these suppliers to meet our production requirements without sufficient time to develop an alternative source could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
risks associated with operating our joint ventures may materially adversely affect our business and financial results. we have entered into several joint ventures, including our millercoors joint venture in the united states and puerto rico with sabmiller. we may enter into additional joint ventures in the future. our joint venture partners may at any time have economic, business or legal interests or goals that are inconsistent with our goals or with the goals of the joint venture. in addition, we compete against our joint venture partners in certain of our other markets. disagreements with our business partners may impede our ability to maximize the benefits of our partnerships. our joint venture arrangements may require us, among other matters, to pay certain costs or to make certain capital investments or to seek our joint venture partner's consent to take certain actions. in addition, our joint venture partners may be unable or unwilling to meet their economic or other obligations under the operative documents, and we may be required to either fulfill those obligations alone to ensure the ongoing success of a joint venture or to dissolve and liquidate a joint venture. for example, we terminated our mmi joint venture that imported, distributed and marketed the modelo beer brand portfolio across all canadian provinces and territories, which, since termination in the first quarter of 2014, has had an adverse effect on our canadian volumes and financial results. the above risk, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
20
our operations in developing and emerging markets expose us to additional risks which could harm our business and financial results. we expect our operations in developing and emerging markets to become more significant to our operating results as we continue to further expand internationally including in connection with our proposed acquisition of the miller brand portfolio outside the u.s. and puerto rico. in certain of these markets, we have limited operating experience and may not succeed. in addition to risks described elsewhere in this section, our operations in these markets expose us to additional risks, including: changes in local political, economic, social and labor conditions; restrictions on foreign ownership and investments; repatriation of cash earned in countries outside the u.s.; import and export requirements; increased costs to ensure compliance with complex foreign laws and regulations; currency exchange rate fluctuations; a less developed and less certain legal and regulatory environment, which among other things can create uncertainty with regard to liability issues; longer payment cycles, increased credit risk and higher levels of payment fraud; and other challenges caused by distance, language, and cultural differences.
in addition, as a global company, we are subject to foreign and u.s. laws and regulations designed to combat governmental corruption, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act. violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, prohibitions on the conduct of our business and on our ability to offer our products and services in one or more countries and a materially negative effect on our brands and our operating results. although we have implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these foreign and u.s. laws and regulations, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act, there can be no assurance that our employees, business partners or agents will not violate our policies.
changes to the regulation of the distribution systems for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.    in our u.s. market, there is a three-tier distribution system that has historically applied to the distribution of products sold through millercoors (including our non-u.s. products). that system, consisting of required separation of manufacturers, distributors and retailers, is increasingly subject to legal challenges on the basis that it allegedly interferes with interstate commerce. to the extent that such challenges are successful and require changes to the three-tier system, such changes could have a materially adverse effect on millercoors and, consequently, on us. further, in canada, our products are required to be distributed through each province's respective provincial liquor board. additionally, in certain provinces, we rely on our joint venture arrangements, such as bri and bdl, to distribute our products via retail outlets that are mandated and regulated by provincial government regulators. bri owns and operates commercial retail outlets, known as the beer store, in ontario, and bdl facilitates the distribution of our products in the western provinces. recent review of government assets in ontario has included an evaluation of the bri distribution model which was finalized in second half of 2015. we continue to evaluate and are beginning to implement actions to mitigate any adverse impacts to our canada segment that may result from these changes. see additional risks specific to bri under the "risks specific to the canada segment" heading below. if provincial regulation should change, the costs to adjust our distribution methods could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
changes in tax, environmental or other regulations or failure to comply with existing licensing, trade and other regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.    our business is highly regulated by federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations in various jurisdictions regarding such matters as licensing requirements, trade and pricing practices, labeling, advertising, promotion and marketing practices, relationships with distributors, environmental matters, smoking bans at on-premise locations and other matters. these laws and regulations are subject to frequent re-evaluation, varying interpretations and political debate and inquiries from government regulators charged with their enforcement. examples of this are the recent changes in the canadian tax legislation and regulatory assessments received in europe in the first quarter of 2015 and fourth quarter of 2014 related to the interpretation of the application of tax on the production and sale of our products. failure to comply with existing laws and regulations or changes in these laws, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or in tax, environmental, excise tax levels imposed or any other laws or regulations could result in the loss, revocation or suspension of our licenses, permits or approvals and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. additionally, uncertainties exist with respect to adding new tax laws, the interpretation of, and potential future developments in, complex domestic and international tax laws and regulations and the amount and timing of future taxable income. given the wide range of international business relationships and the long-term nature and complexity of existing contractual agreements, differences arising between the actual results and assumptions made, or future changes to such assumptions, could necessitate future adjustments to tax income and expense already recorded. finally, advocates of prohibition and other severe restrictions on the marketing and sales of alcohol are becoming increasingly organized and coordinated on a global basis, seeking to impose laws or regulations or to bring actions against us, to curtail substantially the consumption of alcohol, including beer, in developed and developing markets. to the extent such views gain traction in regulations of jurisdictions in which we do or plan to do business, they could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. for example, during the fourth quarter of 2015, in bihar, india, the largest state in india in which mci operates, it was announced that regulatory changes could impact the sale and distribution of alcohol, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
21
our consolidated financial statements are subject to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, most significantly the canadian dollar and the european operating currencies such as, but not limited to, euro, british pound, czech koruna, croatian kuna, serbian dinar, new romanian leu, bulgarian lev and hungarian forint. we hold assets and incur liabilities, earn revenues and pay expenses in different currencies, most significantly in canada and throughout europe. because our financial statements are presented in u.s. dollars ("usd"), we must translate our assets, liabilities, income and expenses into usd. increases and decreases in the value of the usd will affect, perhaps adversely, the value of these items in our financial statements, even if their local currency value has not changed. additionally, we are exposed to currency transaction risks related to transactions denominated in currencies other than one of the functional currencies of our operating entities, such as the purchase of certain raw material inputs or capital expenditures, as well as sales transactions and debt issuances or other incurred obligations. further, certain actions by the government of any of the jurisdictions in which we operate could adversely affect our results and financial position. to the extent that we fail to adequately manage these risks through our risk management policies intended to protect our exposure to currency movements, which may affect our operations, including if our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in foreign currency rates, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. additionally, the recent strengthening of the usd against the canadian dollar, european currencies and various other global currencies, if continued, would adversely impact our usd reported results due to the impact on foreign currency translation.
our operations face significant exposure to changes in commodity prices, which could materially and adversely affect our business and financial results.    we use a large volume of agricultural and other raw materials, some of which are purchased through supply contracts with third parties, to produce our products, including barley, malted barley, hops, corn, other various starches, water and packaging materials, including aluminum cans and bottles, glass and polyethylene terephthalate ("pet") containers, as well as, cardboard and other paper products. we also use a significant amount of diesel fuel, natural gas and electricity in our operations. the supply and price of these raw materials and commodities can be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including market demand, alternative sources for suppliers, global geopolitical events (especially as to their impact on crude oil prices and the resulting impact on diesel fuel prices), frosts, droughts and other weather conditions, economic factors affecting growth decisions, inflation, plant diseases and theft. to the extent any of the foregoing factors affect the prices of ingredients or packaging or our hedging arrangements do not effectively or completely hedge changes in commodity price risks and we are not able to pass these increased costs along to customers, our financial results could be materially adversely impacted.
climate change and water availability may negatively affect our business and financial results.    there is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures could cause significant changes in global weather patterns and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. while warmer weather has historically been associated with increased sales of beer, changing weather patterns could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions which may limit availability or increase the cost of key agricultural commodities, such as hops, barley and other cereal grains, which are important ingredients for our products. increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products. in addition, public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. clean water is a limited resource in many parts of the world and climate change may increase water scarcity and cause a deterioration of water quality in areas where we maintain brewing operations. the competition for water among domestic, agricultural and manufacturing users is increasing in some of our brewing communities. even where water is widely available, water purification and waste treatment infrastructure limitations could increase costs or constrain our operations. the above risks, if realized, could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
loss or closure of a major brewery or other key facility, due to unforeseen or catastrophic events or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. our business and financial results could be materially adversely impacted by physical risks such as earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, other natural disasters or catastrophic events that damage or destroy one of our breweries or key facilities or the key facilities of our significant suppliers. additionally, certain catastrophes are not covered by our general insurance policies, which could result in significant unrecoverable losses. in addition, our business and results of operations could be adversely impacted by under-investment in physical assets or production capacity, including contract brewing and effect on priority of our brands if production capacity is limited. further, significant excess capacity at any of our breweries as a result of increased efficiencies in our supply chain process or continued volume declines, could result in under-utilization of our assets, which could lead to excess overhead expenses or additional costs incurred associated with the closure of one or more of our facilities. for example, as part of a strategic review of our supply chain network, certain breweries and bottling lines were closed during 2015 in which we incurred costs during the year and for which we may incur additional costs during 2016. there may be further brewery closures as part of our ongoing assessment to ensure that our supply chain capacity is aligned with the needs of the business.
22
failure to successfully identify, complete or integrate attractive acquisitions and joint ventures into our existing operations could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. we have made a number of acquisitions and entered into several joint ventures. in order to compete in the consolidating global brewing industry, we anticipate that we may, from time to time, in the future acquire additional businesses or enter into additional joint ventures that we believe would provide a strategic fit with our business such as the pending acquisition. see above "risks specific to the pending acquisition" for further details. potential risks associated with acquisitions and joint ventures could include, among other things: our ability to identify attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to offer potential acquisition targets and joint venture partners' competitive transaction terms; our ability to raise capital on reasonable terms to finance attractive acquisitions and joint ventures; our ability to realize the benefits or cost savings that we expect to realize as a result of the acquisition or joint venture; diversion of management's attention; our ability to successfully integrate our businesses with the business of the acquired company; motivating, recruiting and retaining key employees; conforming standards, controls, procedures and policies, business cultures and compensation structures among our company and the acquired company; consolidating and streamlining sales, marketing and corporate operations; potential exposure to unknown liabilities of acquired companies; loss of key employees and customers of the acquired business; and managing tax costs or inefficiencies associated with integrating our operations following completion of an acquisition or entry into a joint venture. if an acquisition or joint venture is not successfully completed or integrated into our existing operations, our business and financial results could be materially adversely impacted.
poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs could unfavorably affect our business, liquidity and our financial results.    our costs of providing defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number of factors, such as the rates of return on the plans' assets, discount rates, the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels of the plans, exchange rate fluctuations, future government regulation, global equity prices, and our required and/or voluntary contributions to the plans. while we comply with the minimum funding requirements, we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations which exceed the value of the plans' assets. these funding requirements may also require contributions even when there is no reported deficit. without sustained growth in the pension investments over time to increase the value of the plans' assets, and depending upon the other factors as listed above, we could be required to fund the plans with significant amounts of cash. such cash funding obligations (or the timing of such contributions) could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows, credit rating and cost of borrowing, financial position and/or results of operations. for example, following the completion of the triennial review of the u.k. pension plan with the plan's trustees in 2014, we made a gbp 150 million contribution to our u.k. pension plan in january 2015, based on the underfunded status of the plan and the evaluation of the plan's performance and long-term obligations.
failure to comply with our debt covenants or a deterioration in our credit rating could have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain future financing at competitive rates and/or our ability to refinance our existing indebtedness. under the terms of each of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain restrictions. these include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets), leverage thresholds, liens, and restrictions on certain types of sale lease-back transactions and transfers of assets. failure to comply with these restrictions or maintain our credit rating may result in issues with our current financing structure and potential future financing requirements. a deterioration in our credit rating could also affect our ability to obtain future financing or refinance our current debt, as well as increase our borrowing rates, which could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we depend on key personnel, the loss of whom would harm our business. the loss of the services and expertise of any key employee could harm our business. our future success depends on our ability to identify, attract and retain qualified personnel on a timely basis. turnover of senior management can adversely impact our stock price, our results of operations and our client relationships and may make recruiting for future management positions more difficult. in addition, we must successfully integrate any new management personnel that we hire within our organization, or who join our organization as a result of an acquisition, in order to achieve our operating objectives, and changes in other key management positions may temporarily affect our financial performance and results of operations as new management becomes familiar with our business.
due to a high concentration of workers represented by unions or trade councils in canada, europe, and at millercoors in the u.s., we could be significantly affected by labor strikes, work stoppages or other employee-related issues.    approximately 59%, 31% and 36% of our canadian, millercoors and european workforces, respectively, are represented by trade unions. stringent labor laws in the u.k. expose us to a greater risk of loss should we experience labor disruptions in that market. a labor strike, work stoppage or other employee-related issue could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
the success of our business relies heavily on brand image, reputation, product quality and protection of intellectual property.    it is important that we maintain and increase the image and reputation of our existing products. concerns about product quality, even when unsubstantiated, could be harmful to our image and reputation of our products. deterioration to our brand equity may be difficult to combat or reverse and could have a material effect on our business and financial results. in
23
addition, because our brands carry family names, personal activities by certain members of the molson or coors families that harm their public image or reputation could have an adverse effect on our brands. further, the success of our company is dependent on our ability to protect our intellectual property rights, including trademarks, patents, domain names, trade secrets and know-how. we cannot be certain that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be sufficient or that third parties will not infringe upon or misappropriate these rights. if we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, it could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
because of our reliance on third-party service providers and internal and outsourced systems for our information technology and certain other administrative functions, we could experience a disruption to our business.    we rely exclusively on information services providers worldwide for our information technology functions including network, help desk, hardware and software configuration. additionally, we rely on internal networks and information systems and other technology, including the internet and third-party hosted services, to support a variety of business processes and activities, including procurement and supply chain, manufacturing, distribution, invoicing and collection of payments. we use information systems for certain human resource activities and to process our employee benefits, as well as to process financial information for internal and external reporting purposes and to comply with various reporting, legal and tax requirements. we also have outsourced a significant portion of work associated with our finance and accounting, human resources and other information technology functions to third-party service providers. as information systems are critical to many of our operating activities, our business may be impacted by system shutdowns, service disruptions or security breaches. additionally, if one of our service providers was to fail and we were unable to find a suitable replacement in a timely manner, we could be unable to properly administer our outsourced functions. further, our internal and outsourced systems may also be the target of a breach to our security, which, if successful, could expose us to the loss of key business, employee, customer or vendor information and disruption of our operations. if our information systems suffer severe damage, disruption or shutdown and our remediation plans do not effectively resolve the issues in a timely manner, we could experience delays in reporting our financial results and we may lose revenue and profits as a result of our inability to timely manufacture, distribute, invoice and collect payments from our customers. misuse, leakage or falsification of information could result in a violation of data privacy laws and regulations, damage our reputation and credibility. in addition, we may suffer financial and reputational damage because of lost or misappropriated confidential information and may become subject to legal action and increased regulatory oversight. we could also be required to spend significant financial and other resources to remedy the damage caused by a security breach or to repair or replace networks and information systems.
if the pentland trust and the coors trust do not agree on a matter submitted to stockholders or if a super-majority of our board of directors do not agree on certain actions, generally the matter will not be approved, even if beneficial to us or favored by other stockholders or a majority of our board of directors.    pentland securities (1981) inc. (the "pentland trust") (a company controlled by the molson family and related parties) and the adolph coors, jr. trust (the "coors trust"), which together control more than 90% of our class a common stock and class a exchangeable shares, have a voting trust agreement through which they have combined their voting power over the shares of our class a common stock and the class a exchangeable shares that they own. in the event that these two stockholders do not agree to vote in favor of a matter submitted to a stockholder vote (other than the election of directors), the voting trustees are required to vote all of the class a common stock and class a exchangeable shares deposited in the voting trust against the matter. there is no other mechanism in the voting trust agreement to resolve a potential deadlock between these stockholders. therefore, if either the pentland trust or the coors trust is unwilling to vote in favor of a proposal that is subject to a stockholder vote, we would be unable to implement the proposal even if our board of directors, management or other stockholders believe the proposal is beneficial to us. similarly, our bylaws require the authorization of a super-majority (two-thirds) of the board of directors to take certain transformational actions. thus, it is possible that the company will not be authorized to take action even if it is supported by a simple majority of the board of directors.
the interests of the controlling stockholders may differ from those of other stockholders and could prevent the company from making certain decisions or taking certain actions that would be in the best interest of the other stockholders. our class b common stock has fewer voting rights than our class a common stock and holders of our class a common stock have the ability to effectively control or have a significant influence over certain company actions requiring stockholder approval, which could have a material adverse effect on class b stockholders. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 8, "stockholders' equity" of the notes for additional information regarding voting rights of class a and class b stockholders.
risks specific to the canada segment government mandated changes to the retail distribution model resulting from new regulations may have a material adverse effect on our canada business. beer sales are highly regulated by the canadian government. for example, in ontario, off-premise beer may only be purchased at retail outlets operated by bri, government-regulated retail outlets operated by the liquor control board of ontario ("lcbo"), or approved agents of the lcbo. in april 2014, the ontario premier's
24
advisory council on government assets (the "council") began a review that included evaluating the beer retailing and distribution system in ontario, for which bri is the primary beer retail and distribution channel. in april 2015, as a result of this review and our negotiations with the council, we, along with the other owners of bri, agreed, in principle and subject to entry into definitive binding documents, to enter into a new beer framework agreement (the "new framework") with the province of ontario. the associated master framework agreement was subsequently executed by all parties on september 22, 2015, and became effective as of january 1, 2016. additionally, as a result of the above review, certain other legal matters could arise that could have a negative impact on our business, such as the litigation related to our ownership of bri discussed in part i-item 3. legal proceedings. if the implementation of the provisions under the new framework differ from our current expectations, it could result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
we may experience adverse effects on our canada business and financial results due to declines in the overall canadian beer industry, continued price discounting, increased cost of goods sold and higher taxes.    if the canadian beer market continues to decline, the impact to our financial results could be exacerbated due to our significant share of the overall market. additionally, continuation, acceleration or the increase of price discounting, in ontario, québec, alberta or other provinces, as well as increases in our cost of goods sold, could adversely impact our business. further, changes in the canadian tax legislation, such as the recent increase in beer excise taxes and the implementation of equalization and standardization of excise tax regulations in quebec, could decrease our net sales. moreover, the future success and earnings growth of the canada business depends, in part, on our ability to efficiently conduct our operations. failure to generate significant cost savings and margin improvement through our ongoing initiatives could adversely affect our profitability.
in the event that we are required to move away from the industry standard returnable bottle we use today, we may incur unexpected losses. along with abi and other brewers in canada, we currently use an industry standard returnable bottle which represents approximately 37% of total volume sales (excluding imports) in canada. changes to the industry standard bottle agreement could impact our use of the industry standard returnable bottle. if we cease to use the industry standard returnable bottle, our current bottle inventory and a portion of our bottle packaging equipment could become obsolete and could result in a material write-off of these assets.
risks specific to the united states segment and millercoors we do not fully control the operations and administration of millercoors, which represents our interests in the u.s. beer business.    pending our proposed acquisition of 100% of millercoors, we jointly control millercoors with sabmiller and hold a 42% economic interest in the joint venture. while we direct the millercoors business through our equal representation on its board of directors (along with sabmiller) and otherwise impact its business activities through our ongoing communication and oversight, millercoors' management is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the business. as a result, we do not have full control over millercoors' activities. our results of operations are dependent upon the efforts of millercoors' management, our ability to govern the joint venture effectively with sabmiller and factors beyond our control that may affect sabmiller. for example, the loss of the services and expertise of any key millercoors employee could harm our business. additionally, our disclosure controls and procedures with respect to millercoors are necessarily substantially more limited than those we maintain with respect to our consolidated subsidiaries. certain rights of first refusal apply to any assignment of the joint venture interests. any transfer of ownership interest could have a significant effect on our results of operations and financial position, as well as our ongoing internal and external business relationships. see risk factors related to the pending acquisition of millercoors above.
millercoors is highly dependent on independent distributors in the united states to sell its products, with no assurance that these distributors will effectively sell its and our products.    millercoors sells all of its products and many of our non-u.s. products in the united states to distributors for resale to retail outlets and the regulatory environment of many states makes it very difficult to change distributors. consequently, if millercoors is not allowed or is unable to replace unproductive or inefficient distributors, its business, financial position and results of operation may be adversely affected, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results.
risks specific to the europe segment economic trends and intense competition in european markets could unfavorably affect our profitability. our european businesses have been, and may continue to be, adversely affected by conditions in the global financial markets and general economic and political conditions, as well as a continued weakening of their respective currencies versus the u.s. dollar. our interim brand impairment review completed in the third quarter of 2015, indicated that the fair value of certain european indefinite-lived brand intangible assets were below their respective carrying values and we therefore recorded an aggregate impairment charge of $275.0 million. additionally, during this review, we also reassessed each brand's indefinite-life classification and determined that these impaired brands have characteristics that have evolved which now indicate a definite-life is more appropriate. these brands have therefore been reclassified as definite-lived intangible assets to be amortized over useful lives ranging from 30 to 50 years. the decline in fair value of these brands was due, in part, to key changes to our
25
underlying assumptions supporting the value of the brands. specific changes include underperformance through the 2015 peak season driving a downward shift in management's forecasts, along with challenging macroeconomic and competitive conditions that we no longer expect to subside in the near term. additionally, we face intense competition in certain of our european markets, particularly with respect to price, which could lead to reduced sales or profitability. in particular, the on-going focus by large competitors in europe to drive increased market share through aggressive pricing strategies could adversely affect our sales and results of operations. in addition, in recent years, beer volume sales in europe have been shifting from pubs and restaurants (on-premise) to retail stores (off-premise), for the industry in general. margins on sales to off-premise customers tend to be lower than margins on sales to on-premise customers, and, as a result, continuation or acceleration of these trends would further adversely affect our profitability.
in the event that a significant pub chain declared bankruptcy, or experience similar financial difficulties, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected.    we extend credit to pub chains in the u.k., and in some cases the amounts are significant. business at on-premise outlets has decreased since late 2008 as a result of a continued challenging economic environment in the u.k. while the economic environment in the u.k. has seen an upturn in 2015, some pub chains may continue to face increasing financial difficulty, if economic conditions do not stabilize. in the event that one or more significant pub chains were to be unable to pay amounts owed to us as a result of bankruptcy or similar financial difficulties, our business and financial results could be materially adversely affected.
risks specific to the molson coors international segment an inability to expand our operations in emerging markets could adversely affect our growth prospects. our ability to grow our mci segment in emerging markets depends on social, economic and political conditions in those markets, on our ability to create effective product distribution networks and consumer brand awareness in new markets and in many cases our ability to find appropriate local partners. due to product price, local regulatory changes, local competition from competitors that are larger and have more resources than we do and cultural differences, or absence of effective routes to market, there is no assurance that our products will be accepted in any particular emerging market. if we are unable to expand our businesses in emerging markets, our growth prospects could be adversely affected.
risks specific to our discontinued operations indemnities provided to the purchaser of 83% of the cervejarias kaiser brasil s.a. ("kaiser") business in brazil could result in future cash outflows and statement of operations charges.    in 2006, we sold our 83% ownership interest in kaiser to femsa cerveza s.a. de c.v. ("femsa"). the terms of the sale agreement require us to indemnify femsa for exposures related to certain tax, civil and labor contingencies and certain purchased tax credits. the ultimate resolution of these claims is not under our control. these indemnity obligations are recorded as liabilities on our consolidated balance sheets, however, we could incur future statement of operations charges as facts further develop resulting in changes to our estimates or changes in our assessment of probability of loss on these items as well as due to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. due to the uncertainty involved in the ultimate outcome and timing of these contingencies, significant adjustments to the carrying value of our indemnity liabilities and corresponding statement of operations charges/credits could result in the future.
item 7. management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations ("md&a") is provided to assist in understanding our company, operations and current business environment and should be considered a supplement to, and read in conjunction with, the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes included within part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, as well as the discussion of our business and related risk factors in part i-item 1 business and part i-item 1a risk factors, respectively.
our fiscal year unless otherwise indicated, (a) all $ amounts are in u.s. dollars ("usd"), (b) comparisons are to comparable prior periods, and (c) 2015 refers to the 12 months ended december 31, 2015, 2014 refers to the 12 months ended december 31, 2014, and 2013 refers to the period from december 30, 2012 through december 31, 2013. the impact of the three additional days in fiscal year 2013 is immaterial to the consolidated financial statements and is a result of changing our fiscal year from a 52/53 week fiscal year to a calendar year in 2013.
use of non-gaap measures in addition to financial measures presented on the basis of accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america ("u.s. gaap"), we also present pretax and after-tax "underlying income," "underlying income per diluted share," "underlying effective tax rate," and "underlying free cash flow," which are non-gaap measures and should be viewed as supplements to (not substitutes for) our results of operations presented under u.s. gaap. we also present underlying earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("underlying ebitda") as a non-gaap measure. our management uses underlying income, underlying income per diluted share, underlying ebitda, underlying effective tax rate and underlying free cash flow as measures of operating performance to assist in comparing performance from period to period on a consistent basis; as a measure for planning and forecasting overall expectations and for evaluating actual results against such expectations; in communications with the board of directors, stockholders, analysts and investors concerning our financial performance; as useful comparisons to the performance of our competitors; and as metrics of certain management incentive compensation calculations. we believe that underlying income, underlying income per diluted share, underlying ebitda, underlying effective tax rate and underlying free cash flow performance are used by and are useful to investors and other users of our financial statements in evaluating our operating performance because they provide an additional tool to evaluate our performance without regard to special and non-core items, which can vary substantially from company to company depending upon accounting methods and book value of assets and capital structure. we have provided reconciliations of all non-gaap measures to their nearest u.s. gaap measure and have consistently applied the adjustments within our reconciliations in arriving at each non-gaap measure. these adjustments consist of special items from our u.s. gaap financial statements (see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements ("notes") for additional disclosure) as well as other non-core items, such as acquisition and integration related costs, unrealized mark-to-market gains and losses, and gains and losses on sales of non-operating assets, included in our u.s. gaap results that warrant adjustment to arrive at non-gaap results. we consider these items to be necessary adjustments for purposes of evaluating our ongoing business performance and are often considered non-recurring. such adjustments are subjective and involve significant management judgment.
in addition to the non-gaap measures noted above, we have certain operational measures, such as sales-to-wholesalers ("stws") and sales-to-retailers ("strs"), which we believe are useful metrics to management and investors in evaluating our operations. stw is a metric that we use in our u.s. business to reflect the sales from our operations to our direct customers, generally wholesalers. we believe the stw metric is important because it gives an indication of the amount of beer and adjacent products that we have produced and shipped to customers. str is a metric that we use in our canada and u.s. businesses to refer to sales closer to the end consumer than stws, which generally means sales from our wholesalers or our company to retailers, who in turn sell to consumers. we believe the str metric is important because, unlike stws, it provides the closest indication of the performance of our brands in relation to market and competitor sales trends.
34
pending acquisition on november 11, 2015, anheuser-busch inbev sa/nv's ("abi") announced it had entered into a definitive agreement to acquire sabmiller plc ("sabmiller"). the resulting transaction ("abi/sabmiller transaction") is expected to be finalized in the second half of 2016 subject to abi and sabmiller shareholder approval and various global regulatory approvals. concurrently, on november 11, 2015, we entered into a purchase agreement (the "purchase agreement") with abi to acquire, contingent upon the closing of the abi/sabmiller transaction, all of sabmiller's 58% economic interest and 50% voting interest in millercoors and all trademarks, contracts and other assets primarily related to the miller brand portfolio outside of the u.s. and puerto rico for $12.0 billion in cash, subject to downward adjustment as described in the purchase agreement (the "acquisition"). following the closing of the pending acquisition, we will own 100% of the outstanding equity and voting interests of millercoors. the pending acquisition is based on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the purchase agreement, as incorporated herein by reference as exhibit 2.4 of part iv item 15.
under the agreement, we will retain the rights to all of the brands currently in the millercoors portfolio for the u.s. and puerto rican markets, including import brands such as peroni and pilsner urquell, as well as full ownership of the miller brand portfolio outside of the u.s. and puerto rico. additionally, in consolidating control of millercoors, we will further improve our scale and agility, benefit from significantly enhanced cash flows, and capture substantial operational synergies. the purchase of the miller brand trademarks outside of the u.s. and puerto rico provides a strategic opportunity to leverage the iconic miller trademark globally alongside molson coors' trademarks for coors and staropramen and presents volume and profit growth opportunities for molson coors in both core markets, as well as emerging markets.
the pending acquisition is expected to be funded through cash on hand and financed through a combination of debt and equity security issuances. further, as we plan to elect to treat the acquisition as an asset acquisition for u.s. tax purposes, we expect to receive substantial cash tax benefits for the first 15 years after completion. at this time, we anticipate this acquisition will close in the second half of 2016, subject to necessary regulatory approvals and contingent on the successful closing of the abi/sabmiller transaction.
executive summary we are one of the world's largest brewers and have a diverse portfolio of owned and partner brands, including core brands carling, coors light, molson canadian and staropramen, as well as craft and specialty beers such as blue moon, creemore springs, cobra and doom bar. with centuries of brewing heritage, we have been crafting high-quality, innovative products with the purpose of delighting the world's beer drinkers and goal to be the first choice for our consumers and customers. our success depends on our ability to make our products available to meet a wide range of consumer segments and occasions.
in 2015, our net income from continuing operations attributable to mcbc, underlying after-tax earnings and ebitda declined versus 2014 due to a number of challenges; however, we exceeded our targets for cost savings and cash generation and achieved positive net pricing in most of our major markets, excluding the impacts of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. competitive challenges and weak consumer demand continued across some of our largest markets, but we continued to focus on building a stronger brand portfolio, delivering value-added innovation and strengthening our core brand positions through incremental marketing investments. our focus on growing our above-premium segment continued this year as we completed the acquisitions of saint archer brewing company in the u.s. and the rights to the rekorderlig cider brand in the u.k. and repatriated the rights to staropramen in the u.k. we also expanded our global footprint within mci through the acquisition of mount shivalik breweries ltd. ("mount shivalik") in india and our recent entrance into the colombian market. we continued to improve our sales execution and revenue management capabilities, increase the efficiency of our operations, implement common systems and focus on generating higher returns for our invested capital, managing our working capital and delivering a greater return on investment for our shareholders. we grew our global above-premium volume, net pricing and sales mix. our craft portfolio drove growth from doom bar in the u.k., grandville island in canada and blue moon in the u.s. and u.k. our emerging cider portfolio delivered strong growth, led by molson canadian cider and strongbow in canada and smith & forge hard cider in the u.s. volume challenges included coors light performance in canada and the u.s., however, we continued to see strong performance of coors light in europe and mci.
2015 financial highlights:
•   net income from continuing operations attributable to mcbc of $355.6 million, or $1.91 per diluted share, decreased 30.7% and underlying after-tax income of $700.4 million, or $3.76 per diluted share, decreased 8.9% from a year ago, primarily due to the impact of unfavorable movements in foreign currency rates and the loss of major business contracts this year. additionally, net income from continuing operations attributable to mcbc was unfavorably impacted by incremental special charges in 2015 driven primarily by our initiatives focused on improving our supply chain network and building efficiencies across the business evidenced by our closure of two bottling lines in canada, as well as the closure of our alton and plovdiv breweries in europe and announced closures of the eden brewery in
35
the u.s. and the vancouver brewery in canada and we entered into a consultation process regarding our proposal to close the burton south brewery in europe. underlying ebitda decreased 9.5% compared to 2014, primarily due to a decrease in underlying income in canada and europe. our underlying income excludes special and other non-core gains, losses and expenses that net to a $420.9 million pretax charge, as explained below.
•   worldwide beer volume for mcbc in 2015 decreased 1.5% compared to 2014, primarily due to lower volumes in the u.s. and canada, partially offset by increased volumes from mci. additionally, consolidated net sales decreased 14.0% compared to 2014, driven by negative impacts of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and lower volumes in canada and the loss of the heineken and modelo contracts in europe, partially offset by positive pricing in europe.
•   we generated cash flow from operating activities of $696.4 million, representing a 45.3% decrease from $1,272.6 million in 2014 and a 40.4% decrease from $1,168.2 million in 2013. underlying free cash flow in 2015 was $704.3 million, compared to $956.7 million in 2014, representing a decrease of 26.4%. the decreases in operating cash flow and underlying free cash flow are driven by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates, increased capital investments, higher cash paid for taxes and decreased distributions from our investment in millercoors, along with lower underlying income, after considering non-cash impairments and other non-cash add-backs. these increases were partially offset by a lower cash paid for interest and favorable impact of changes in net working capital.
•   regional financial highlights:
•   in our canada segment, we drove positive pricing, achieved significant cost savings and invested significantly behind our brands. our income from continuing operations before income taxes in canada decreased in 2015 compared to 2014 by 31.8% to $277.3 million, due to special charges recognized as a result of accelerated depreciation of two of our bottling lines, the impact of the loss of our miller brands agreements, as well as cycling the income received from the termination of our mmi joint venture in 2014. our 2015 underlying pretax income decreased by 16.6% to $304.5 million, primarily due to unfavorable foreign currency movements and incremental brand investments, as well as lower volumes.
•   in the u.s., millercoors grew net sales per hectoliter with positive pricing and mix, while also working to restore growth to coors light and miller lite, which both grew share of segment versus 2014. we increased our percentage of volume in the above premium segment and experienced continued growth of higher-margin brands like redd's, blue moon and leinenkugel's shandy portfolio. our 2015 equity income in millercoors decreased 8.1% to $516.3 million, driven by special charges recognized in 2015 related to the decision to close the eden brewery, as well as the early settlement of a portion of millercoors' defined benefit pension plan liability. underlying equity income in millercoors of $562.5 million for 2015 remained relatively flat to 2014, as positive pricing and mix and cost savings offset lower volumes and higher marketing investments.
•   in our europe segment, we reported a loss from continuing operations before income taxes of $109.7 million, versus a loss of $111.9 million in 2014. the losses are attributable to an impairment charge of $275.0 million recognized related to indefinite-lived intangible brand assets, along with charges related to our supply chain initiatives and net termination charges in 2015, compared to an impairment charge of $360.0 million in 2014. underlying income of $203.4 million decreased by 16.2%, compared to $242.7 million in 2014. the decrease in underlying income is entirely attributable to the negative impacts of unfavorable changes in foreign currency rates and the loss of the heineken and modelo contracts in 2015. excluding these factors, our europe segment grew volume, sales mix and gross margins. further, lower supply chain costs and lower spending driven by efficiency in marketing investments partially offset by higher brand amortization expense contributed to positive underlying results. in addition to the core brand performances mentioned below, our above-premium brands performed well, with coors light, doom bar and our wider craft portfolio, including franciscan well, achieving strong growth in the year, as did staropramen outside czech republic.
•   in our mci segment, we drove significant growth in terms of volume, particularly in our latin american markets including our entrance into the colombian market at the end of 2015. we also significantly grew our volume in india and increased our presence in the indian beer market through our acquisition of mount shivalik. our 2015 loss from continuing operations before income taxes increased by 86.5% to $24.8 million driven by special charges and expenses associated with our decision to restructure our china business. underlying pretax loss increased by 38.3% to $18.4 million primarily driven by unfavorable changes in foreign currency exchange rates and expenses related to our china business, partially offset by higher volume and lower marketing investment and general and administrative costs.
36
•   core brand highlights:
•   carling, the number one beer brand in the u.k. and the largest brand in our europe segment, declined 3.6% in terms of volume in the year, primarily due to overall industry softness in the u.k., but gained share within its segment.
•   coors light global volume (including our proportional percentage of millercoors' coors light volumes) increased 0.3% in 2015 versus 2014, driven by strong performance in europe and mci, partially offset by declines in canada and the u.s. due to continued competitive and industry pressures. in the u.s., coors light increased its share of the premium light segment and gained momentum in 2015 versus 2014, continued to show strong volume growth in the u.k., where it is our second largest brand, and is growing even faster in our latin american markets, with double digit growth in 2015 versus 2014. coors light volume increased 0.8% in the fourth quarter of 2015 resulting from improved packing and advertising and incremental marketing investment.
•   molson canadian in canada decreased in terms of volume and market share in 2015 due to continued competitive pressures in the segment.
•   staropramen volume increased overall in 2015 versus 2014, mainly driven by strong growth in almost all countries outside of czech republic, staropramen's primary market, and the international markets of ukraine and russia due to industry declines in these markets.
the following table highlights summarized components of our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, and provides a reconciliation of "underlying income", a non-gaap measure, to its nearest u.s. gaap measure. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, "consolidated statements of operations" for additional details of our u.s. gaap results.
for the years ended december 31, 2015               change             december 31, 2014               change             december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)
volume in hectoliters                                                                                      30.263                   (0.6   )%                 30.445                   (0.2    )%                30.521
net sales                                                                                                $3,567.5                  (14.0   )%               $4,146.3                   (1.4    )%              $4,206.1
net income attributable to mcbc from continuing operations                                                 $355.6                  (30.7   )%                 $513.5                   (9.2    )%                $565.3
adjustments:
special items, net(1)                                                                                       346.7           6.9            %                   324.4                   62.2     %                 200.0
42% of millercoors special items, net of tax(2)                                                              46.2                    n/m                         0.6                  (92.8    )%                   8.3
acquisition, integration and financing related costs(3)                                                      13.9                    n/m                           -                 (100.0    )%                  10.7
unrealized mark-to-market (gains) and losses(4)                                                              14.1                    n/m                         3.7                  (76.0    )%                  15.4
other non-core items(5)                                                                                         -                 (100.0   )%                  (11.3       )          (51.9    )%                 (23.5       )
tax effect on special and non-gaap items(6)                                                                 (76.1       )   22.0           %                   (62.4       )           27.1     %                 (49.1       )
non-gaap: underlying income attributable to mcbc from continuing operations, net of tax                    $700.4                   (8.9   )%                 $768.5                    5.7     %                $727.1
net income attributable to mcbc per diluted share from continuing operations                                $1.91                  (30.8   )%                  $2.76                  (10.1    )%                 $3.07
non-gaap: underlying net income attributable to mcbc per diluted share from continuing operations           $3.76                   (9.0   )%                  $4.13                    4.6     %                 $3.95
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" of the notes to the consolidated financial statements ("notes") for additional information. special items for the year ended december 31, 2015 includes accelerated depreciation expense of $49.4 million, and for the year ended december 31,
37
2014, includes accelerated amortization expense of $4.9 million and accelerated depreciation expense of $4.0 million, which are included in our adjustments to arrive at underlying ebitda in the table below.
(2)   see "results of operations", "united states segment" under the sub-heading "special items" in this section for additional information. the tax effect related to our share of millercoors special items in 2015 was immaterial and there was no tax effect related to our share of these charges in 2014 or 2013.
(3)   in connection with the pending acquisition, we recognized transaction related fees of $6.9 million within marketing, general and administrative expenses in 2015. additionally, on december 16, 2015 we entered into a bridge loan agreement which provides for a 364-day bridge loan facility of up to $9.3 billion. in connection with the bridge loan, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid commitment fees of $49.2 million, which have been deferred within other current assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015, and will be amortized to other income (expense) within the consolidated statement of operations over the 364-day term. for the year ended december 31, 2015, $6.9 million was amortized to other expense. further, on december 16, 2015, we also entered into a term loan agreement which provides for a 3-year and 5-year tranche of $1.5 billion for each loan, for an aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion. in connection with the term loan, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid issuance fees of $8.3 million, which have been deferred within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015, and will be amortized to interest expense within the consolidated statement of operations over the respective 3-year and 5-year term of each loan. for the year ended december 31, 2015, $0.1 million was amortized to interest expense. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 12, "debt" of the notes for additional information.
in connection with the our acquisition of starbev holdings s.a.r.l. ("starbev") in 2012 (the "starbev acquisition"), we recognized fees in marketing, general and administrative expenses of $10.7 million in 2013, of which $2.3 million was recorded as depreciation expense in 2013.
(4)   the unrealized changes in fair value on our commodity swaps not designated in hedging relationships are recorded as cost of goods sold within our corporate business activities. as the exposure we are managing is realized, we reclassify the gain or loss to the segment in which the underlying exposure resides, allowing our segments to realize the economic effects of the derivative without the resulting unrealized mark-to-market volatility. related to these derivatives, we recorded unrealized losses of $14.1 million, $4.2 million and $2.7 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
additionally, we issued a €500 million zero coupon senior unsecured convertible note ("convertible note") to starbev l.p. (the "seller") in conjunction with the closing of the starbev acquisition. the convertible note's embedded conversion feature was determined to meet the definition of a derivative required to be bifurcated and separately accounted for at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in earnings. in 2013, we recognized an unrealized loss of $5.4 million recorded as interest expense related to changes in the fair value of the conversion feature. on august 13, 2013, the seller exercised the conversion feature at an agreed upon value of $14.4 million incremental to the convertible note's principal. upon settlement, $0.8 million was recognized as the realized gain on settlement of the conversion feature, which was initially recorded as a liability of $15.2 million when issued in the second quarter of 2012. additionally, within other income (expense), we recorded unrealized gains of $0.5 million and unrealized losses of $2.4 million during 2014 and 2013, respectively, related to foreign currency movements on this convertible note. we additionally recorded a net loss within other income (expense) of $4.9 million during 2013 related to foreign exchange contracts and cash positions entered into to hedge our risk associated with the payment of this foreign denominated debt. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 16, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" of the notes for additional information.
(5)   in 2014, we recognized a gain of $11.3 million within marketing, general and administrative expenses related to the release of an indirect tax reserve recorded in conjunction with the initial purchase accounting for the starbev acquisition and is related to the settlement of certain local country regulatory matters associated with pre-acquisition periods.
in 2013, we recognized a net gain of $23.5 million within other income related to the sales of non-core investment assets. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 5, "other income and expense" of the notes for additional information.
(6)   the effect of taxes on the adjustments used to arrive at underlying net income, a non-gaap measure, is calculated based on applying the underlying full-year effective tax rate to underlying earnings, excluding special and non-core items. the effect of taxes on special and non-core items is calculated based on the statutory tax rate applicable to the item being adjusted for in the jurisdiction from which each adjustment arises. additionally, the adjustment for 2014 includes an income tax benefit of $16.2 million recognized in the first quarter of 2014 related to the release of an
38
income tax reserve recorded in conjunction with the initial purchase accounting for the starbev acquisition and is related to the settlement of certain local country regulatory matters associated with pre-acquisition periods.
the following table highlights summarized components of our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015, december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, and provides a reconciliation of "underlying ebitda", a non-gaap measure, to its nearest u.s. gaap measure. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, "consolidated statements of operations" for additional details of our u.s. gaap results.
for the years ended december 31, 2015              change             december 31, 2014              change             december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages and per share data)
net income attributable to mcbc from continuing operations                                      $355.6                 (30.7   )%                 $513.5                  (9.2    )%                $565.3
add: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests                                    3.3                 (13.2   )%                    3.8                 (26.9    )%                   5.2
net income (loss) from continuing operations                                                    $358.9                 (30.6   )%                 $517.3                  (9.3    )%                $570.5
adjustments:
add: interest expense (income), net                                                              112.0                 (16.2   )%                  133.7                 (21.4    )%                 170.1
add: income tax expense (benefit)                                                                 51.8                 (24.9   )%                   69.0                 (17.9    )%                  84.0
add: depreciation and amortization                                                               314.4                   0.4   %                   313.0                  (2.3    )%                 320.5
adjustments included in underlying income(1)                                                     374.7                  18.3   %                   316.8                  56.4     %                 202.6
adjustments to arrive at underlying ebitda(2)                                                    (49.5       )           n/m                        (8.9       )          15.6     %                  (7.7       )
adjustments to arrive at underlying ebitda related to our investment in millercoors(3)           169.1                  30.5   %                   129.6                   0.9     %                 128.5
non-gaap: underlying ebitda                                                                   $1,331.4                  (9.5   )%               $1,470.5                   0.1     %              $1,468.5
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   includes adjustments to non-gaap underlying income within the table above related to mcbc special and non-core items.
(2)   represents adjustments to remove amounts related to interest, depreciation and amortization included in the adjustments to non-gaap underlying income above, as these items are added back as adjustments to net income attributable to mcbc from continuing operations.
(3)   adjustments to our equity income from millercoors, which include our proportionate share of millercoors' interest, income tax, depreciation and amortization, special items, and amortization of the difference between the mcbc contributed cost basis and proportionate share of the underlying equity in net assets of millercoors.
worldwide beer volume worldwide beer volume (including adjacencies, such as cider) is composed of our financial volume, royalty volume and proportionate share of equity investment strs. financial volume represents owned beer brands sold to unrelated external customers within our geographical markets, net of returns and allowances. royalty beer volume consists of our brands produced and sold by third parties under various license and contract-brewing agreements. equity investment str brand volume represents our ownership percentage share of volume in our subsidiaries accounted for under the equity method, including millercoors, and for 2014 and 2013 also includes modelo molson imports, l.p. ("mmi"), our joint venture in canada with grupo modelo s.a.b. de c.v. ("modelo"). we finalized the termination of our mmi joint venture relationship in the first quarter of 2014. as such, our worldwide beer volume for the year ended december 31, 2014, includes our percentage share of volume in mmi through the transition period ended february 28, 2014. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 4, "investments" of the notes for further discussion.
39
the following table highlights summarized components of our sales volume for the years ended december 31, 2015, december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013:
for the years ended december 31, 2015            change           december 31, 2014            change           december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters:
financial volume                                 30.263                   (0.6   )%            30.445                   (0.2   )%            30.521
royalty volume(1)                                 1.631              3.2         %              1.580              16.8        %              1.353
owned volume                                     31.894                   (0.4   )%            32.025              0.5         %             31.874
proportionate share of equity investment str     26.211                   (2.7   )%            26.939                   (3.3   )%            27.864
total worldwide beer volume                      58.105                   (1.5   )%            58.964                   (1.3   )%            59.738
(1)   includes mci segment royalty volume that is primarily in russia, ukraine and mexico, and europe segment royalty volume in republic of ireland.
our worldwide beer volume decreased in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to lower volumes in canada and the u.s., partially offset by increased volumes from mci. worldwide beer volume decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to lower volumes in the u.s. and canada, partially offset by increased volumes from mci.
net sales the following table highlights the drivers of change in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2015, versus december 31, 2014 by segment (in percentages) and excludes corporate net sales revenue for our water resources and energy operations in the state of colorado:
sales volume          price, product and geography mix       currency   other            total consolidated     (0.6   )%                       (1.6   )%                 (11.8   )%     -      %    (14.0   )%
canada           (4.7   )%       2.5                    %                  (13.4   )%     (0.1   )%   (15.7   )%
europe           (0.3   )%                       (2.0   )%                 (10.7   )%     -      %    (13.0   )%
mci              20.0   %                       (18.0   )%                  (9.5   )%     -      %     (7.5   )%
the following table highlights the drivers of change in net sales for the year ended december 31, 2014, versus december 31, 2013 by segment (in percentages) and excludes corporate net sales revenue for our water resources and energy operations in the state of colorado:
sales volume          price, product and geography mix          currency   other              total consolidated     (0.2   )%                        0.5   %                      (1.7   )%     -    %         (1.4   )%
canada           (3.1   )%                        1.9   %                      (6.5   )%     -    %         (7.7   )%
europe           (0.3   )%                        1.0   %                  2.7        %      -    %          3.4    %
mci              21.2   %                        (3.7   )%                     (3.9   )%     -    %         13.6    %
cost savings initiatives cost reductions across our company in 2015 exceeded our targets and totaled more than $60 million, driven by our canada and europe segments. millercoors delivered incremental cost savings in 2015 of approximately $88 million, of which our 42% share is approximately $37 million.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense was $314.4 million in 2015, a slight increase of $1.4 million compared to 2014, primarily due to increased amortization of our intangible assets as a result of reclassifying certain brands in our europe segment to definite-lived as well as accelerated depreciation related to bottling line and announced brewery closures, partially offset by the impact of changes in foreign currency rates. depreciation and amortization expense was $313.0 million in 2014, a decrease
40
of $7.5 million compared to 2013, primarily due to decreased amortization of our intangible assets, as well as the impact of changes in foreign currency rates.
income taxes our effective tax rate was approximately 13% in 2015, 12% in 2014 and 13% in 2013. our effective tax rates were significantly lower than the federal statutory rate of 35% primarily due to lower effective income tax rates applicable to our foreign businesses, driven by lower statutory income tax rates and tax planning impacts on statutory taxable income, and favorable resolution of unrecognized tax benefits. the 2015 effective tax rate slightly increased versus 2014 due to a lower amount of unrecognized tax benefits released during 2015, as well as increased valuation allowances against net operating losses recognized in 2015. these increases were partially offset by the tax benefits associated with the renewal application of our bilateral advanced pricing agreement ("bapa") between the u.s. and canada tax authorities, which was formally submitted during the first quarter of 2015. our 2015 underlying effective tax rate, a non-gaap measure, remained consistent with 2014 and 2013. see table below for the reconciliation of our underlying effective tax rate to its nearest u.s. gaap measure.
for the years ended december 31, 2015          december 31, 2014          december 31, 2013
effective tax rate                               13   %                     12          %              13          %
adjustments:
tax impact of special and non-core items          2   %                      3          %               2          %
non-gaap: underlying effective tax rate          15   %                     15          %              15          %
additionally, our unrecognized tax benefits decreased by $20.3 million in 2015, primarily driven by the expiration of certain statutes of limitations and foreign exchange rate movements. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 6, "income tax" of the notes for further discussion.
discontinued operations discontinued operations are associated with the formerly-owned cervejarias kaiser brasil s.a. ("kaiser") business in brazil and the related indemnity obligations to femsa cerveza s.a. de c.v. ("femsa") related to purchased tax credits and other tax, civil and labor issues. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
41
results of operations canada segment for the years ended december 31, 2015              change           december 31, 2014              change           december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters                                                  7.692                  (4.7   )%                8.075                  (3.1   )%                8.332
sales                                                               $1,994.2                 (15.6   )%             $2,363.4                  (8.2   )%             $2,575.1
excise taxes                                                          (482.7       )         (15.2   )%               (569.5       )          (9.8   )%               (631.3       )
net sales                                                            1,511.5                 (15.7   )%              1,793.9                  (7.7   )%              1,943.8
cost of goods sold                                                    (861.6       )         (15.7   )%             (1,021.6       )          (7.5   )%             (1,104.3       )
gross profit                                                           649.9                 (15.8   )%                772.3                  (8.0   )%                839.5
marketing, general and administrative expenses                        (355.6       )         (13.8   )%               (412.5       )          (7.9   )%               (448.0       )
special items, net(1)                                                  (27.2       )        (165.1   )%                 41.8                   n/m                     (30.7       )
operating income (loss)                                                267.1                 (33.5   )%                401.6                  11.3   %                 360.8
other income (expense), net                                             10.2           96.2          %                   5.2                 108.0   %                   2.5
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes          $277.3                 (31.8   )%               $406.8                  12.0   %                $363.3
adjusting items:
special items, net(1)                                                   27.2                (165.1   )%                (41.8       )           n/m                      30.7
other non-core items                                                       -                     -   %                     -                (100.0   )%                 (1.2       )
non-gaap: underlying pretax income (loss)                             $304.5                 (16.6   )%               $365.0                  (7.1   )%               $392.8
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" of the notes for detail of special items.
significant events during 2015, we continued our ongoing assessment of our supply chain strategies in order to align with our cost saving objectives. as part of this process, in october 2015, we entered into an agreement to sell the vancouver brewery, with the intent to use the proceeds from the sale to help fund the construction of an efficient and flexible brewery in british columbia. the sale has not yet closed and is anticipated to be completed by the end of the first quarter of 2016. in conjunction with the sale, we agreed to lease back the existing property to continue operations on an uninterrupted basis while the new brewery is being constructed. we believe the decision to sell the brewery will help optimize the western canada brewery network and allow for greater flexibility and future cost savings. we incurred accelerated depreciation charges in excess of normal depreciation associated with the planned brewery closure of $1.2 million during the fourth quarter of 2015. we expect to incur additional charges, including estimated accelerated depreciation charges of approximately canadian dollar ("cad") 20 million, through final closure of the brewery which is currently anticipated to occur near the end of 2018. these ongoing charges, along with the estimated future gain on the sale of the property of approximately cad 144 million, will be recorded as special items. we also expect to incur significant capital expenditures associated with the construction of the new brewery, most of which we expect to be funded with the proceeds from the sale of the vancouver brewery.
also as a result of the ongoing strategic review of our canadian supply chain network and the overall shift in consumer preference toward can package consumption in canada, in the third quarter of 2015 we concluded that a bottling line in the vancouver brewery could no longer be utilized, and in the second quarter of 2015 we concluded that a bottling line in our toronto brewery could no longer be utilized. we accordingly recorded charges within special items related to the abandonment of these assets. see below "special items, net" for further details. we will continue to evaluate our supply chain network and seek opportunities for further efficiencies and cost savings, and we therefore may incur additional restructuring related charges in the future.
in april 2014, the ontario premier's advisory council on government assets (the "council") began a review that included evaluating the beer retailing and distribution system in ontario, for which bri is the primary beer retail and distribution channel. in april 2015, as a result of this review and our negotiations with the council, we, along with the other
42
owners of bri, agreed, in principle and subject to entry into definitive binding documents, to enter into a new beer framework agreement (the "new framework") with the province of ontario. the associated master framework agreement was subsequently executed by all parties on september 22, 2015, and became effective as of january 1, 2016. the new framework is designed to further enhance the overall beer retail and distribution system within ontario, as well as provide easier access to market for small brewers. the new framework includes the implementation of an additional cad 100.0 million annual tax on all beer volume sold in ontario, which will be phased in over four years beginning january 1, 2016. additionally, with the exception of adjustments for increases in annual inflation, we, along with the other largest brewer in ontario, will have restrictions on price increases for certain packaging types of the largest ontario brands until the second quarter of 2017. the new framework is also intended to increase convenience and choice available for consumers by increasing the number and types of outlets where beer is sold (including introducing beer sales to a specified number of grocery stores and standalone outlets), increasing the required level of shelf space allocated to small brewers in retail outlets, as well as allowing for incremental packaging options at the liquor control board of ontario ("lcbo") and agents of the lcbo. the new framework also provides qualifying licensees (restaurants and bars) the ability to purchase beer at bri retail outlets at the same price as retail consumers. further, bri has committed to invest cad 100.0 million of capital spending through 2018, 80% of which will be directed toward enhancements to the purchasing experience for consumers. the new framework also incorporates many of the proposed changes to the bri ownership structure that were announced in january 2015, allowing all other ontario brewers, regardless of size, to participate in the ownership and governance of bri (see note 4, "investments"). we continue to evaluate and are beginning to implement actions to mitigate any adverse impacts to our canada segment that may result from the adoption of the new framework. additionally, in the fourth quarter of 2014, we became aware of a legal dispute related to bri which could result in an adverse impact to our future results. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
in the fourth quarter of 2014, we entered into an agreement with miller brewing company ("miller") for the accelerated termination of our license agreement, effective march 2015, under which we had exclusive rights to distribute certain miller products in canada. as a result, beginning in the second quarter of 2015 we no longer distribute the miller brands in canada, which has adversely impacted our volume and sales prospectively. we recognized net sales related to the license agreement of $11.5 million, $79.5 million and, $92.3 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
further, we finalized the termination of our mmi joint venture relationship in the first quarter of 2014. as such, our results for the year ended december 31, 2014, include our percentage share of the mmi results through the transition period ended february 28, 2014. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 4, "investments" and note 11, "goodwill and intangible assets" of the notes for further discussion of these matters impacting our canada business.
foreign currency impact on results during 2015, the canadian dollar ("cad") depreciated versus the usd on an average basis, resulting in a decrease of $34.3 million and $39.3 million to our 2015 usd earnings before income taxes and usd underlying pretax income, respectively. during 2014, the cad depreciated against the usd on an average basis, resulting in a decrease of $22.9 million and $18.0 million to our 2014 usd earnings before income taxes and usd underlying pretax income, respectively. included in these amounts are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. the impact of transaction gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
volume and net sales strs decreased 6.0% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by the impact of the loss of the miller brand agreement, a weak economy and increased competitor promotional activity. canadian beer industry strs increased slightly in 2015 compared to 2014; however, our market share declined on a full-year basis. sales volume decreased in 2015 compared to 2014, due to the termination of the miller brand agreement and increased competitive pressure on our core brands. net sales per hectoliter increased 2.5% in local currency in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by favorable pricing.
strs decreased 4.7% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by the termination of the mmi joint venture, decline in the overall industry, weak economic factors, increased competitor promotional activity and unfavorable weather across key regions in 2014. the canadian beer industry strs decreased in 2014 compared to calendar year 2013. our market share also declined on a full-year basis. sales volume decreased in 2014 compared to 2013, due to continued industry softness and increased competitive pressure on our core brands. net sales per hectoliter increased 1.8% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by favorable pricing and mix shift to higher priced brands and packages.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 2.5% in local currency in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by input inflation, negative foreign currency impacts, fixed-cost deleverage and sales mix shift toward higher-cost brands and packages. these factors were partially offset by cost savings.
43
cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 2.3% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by input inflation and fixed-cost deleverage, the termination of the modelo joint venture, sales mix shift toward higher-cost brands and packages, and increased promotional packaging expense. these factors were partially offset by cost savings. under the mmi arrangement, we recognized equity earnings within cost of goods sold of $0.7 million and $11.7 million during the years ended 2014 and 2013, respectively.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in local currency in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by cost savings, partially offset by higher marketing spending.
marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by cost savings, partially offset by higher marketing spending and incentive compensation, as well as cycling administrative cost recoveries from mmi. during the years ended 2014 and 2013, mcc recognized administrative cost recoveries under our agency and services agreement with mmi of $0.7 million and $6.8 million, respectively. marketing spend and related recoveries under this agreement had zero impact on our results for all periods presented.
special items, net during 2015, we incurred $15.7 million of charges related to the closure of a bottling line within our vancouver brewery, including $15.4 million of accelerated depreciation associated with this bottling line. additionally, we incurred $8.2 million of charges related to the closure of a bottling line within our toronto brewery, including $7.9 million of accelerated depreciation associated with this bottling line. the decisions to close these bottling lines were made as part of an ongoing strategic review of our canadian supply chain network and the overall shift in consumer preference toward can package consumption in canada. separately, we recorded $1.2 million of accelerated depreciation in excess of normal depreciation associated with the planned closure of the vancouver brewery. results also include special charges related to restructuring activities of $2.1 million incurred during 2015.
during the third quarter of 2014 and fourth quarter of 2013, we recognized impairment charges related to our definite-lived intangible asset associated with our license agreement with miller in canada. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "goodwill and intangible assets" of the notes for further discussion.
during the first quarter of 2014, we finalized the termination of our mmi joint venture and concurrently recognized a charge of $4.9 million for the accelerated amortization of the remaining carrying value of our definite-lived intangible asset associated with the agreement, as well as recorded income of $63.2 million for the payment received upon termination. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 4, "investments" of the notes for further discussion.
44
united states segment for the years ended december 31, 2015             change            december 31, 2014             change            december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages)
volumes in hectoliters(1)                                                                   70.604                 (2.9   )%                72.701                 (2.1    )%               74.274
sales                                                                                     $8,822.2                 (1.9   )%              $8,990.4                  0.2     %             $8,969.8
excise taxes                                                                              (1,096.7       )         (4.0   )%              (1,142.0       )         (2.3    )%             (1,169.0       )
net sales                                                                                  7,725.5                 (1.6   )%               7,848.4                  0.6     %              7,800.8
cost of goods sold                                                                        (4,547.5       )         (4.1   )%              (4,743.8       )          0.4     %             (4,723.7       )
gross profit                                                                               3,178.0                  2.4   %                3,104.6                  0.9     %              3,077.1
marketing, general and administrative expenses                                            (1,828.7       )          4.1   %               (1,755.9       )         (0.8    )%             (1,769.9       )
special items, net                                                                          (110.1       )          n/m                       (1.4       )        (92.9    )%                (19.8       )
operating income                                                                           1,239.2                 (8.0   )%               1,347.3                  4.7     %              1,287.4
interest income (expense), net                                                                (1.6       )         45.5   %                   (1.1       )        (31.3    )%                 (1.6       )
other income (expense), net                                                                    5.7                  3.6   %                    5.5                175.0     %                  2.0
income from continuing operations before income taxes and noncontrolling interests         1,243.3                 (8.0   )%               1,351.7                  5.0     %              1,287.8
income tax expense                                                                            (4.7       )        (23.0   )%                  (6.1       )         56.4     %                 (3.9       )
income from continuing operations                                                          1,238.6                 (8.0   )%               1,345.6                  4.8     %              1,283.9
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                          (20.8       )          7.2   %                  (19.4       )         44.8     %                (13.4       )
net income attributable to millercoors                                                    $1,217.8                 (8.2   )%              $1,326.2                  4.4     %             $1,270.5
adjusting items:
special items, net of tax                                                                    109.9                  n/m                        1.4                (92.9    )%                 19.8
non-gaap: underlying net income attributable to millercoors                               $1,327.7                    -   %               $1,327.6                  2.9     %             $1,290.3
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   includes contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, which are excluded from our worldwide beer volume calculation.
45
the following represents our proportionate share of millercoors' net income reported under the equity method:
for the years ended december 31, 2015       change               december 31, 2014            change           december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages)
net income attributable to millercoors                                                                                                                     $1,217.8               (8.2   )%             $1,326.2                 4.4     %            $1,270.5
mcbc economic interest                                                                                                                                           42       %                                   42       %                                    42       %
mcbc proportionate share of millercoors net income                                                                                                            511.5               (8.2   )%                557.0                 4.4     %               533.6
amortization of the difference between mcbc contributed cost basis and proportionate share of the underlying equity in net assets of millercoors(1)             4.6               -      %                   4.6                   -     %                 4.6
share-based compensation adjustment(1)                                                                                                                          0.2               -      %                   0.2               (75.0    )%                 0.8
equity income in millercoors                                                                                                                                 $516.3               (8.1   )%               $561.8                 4.2     %              $539.0
adjusting items:
mcbc proportionate share of millercoors special items, net of tax                                                                                              46.2               n/m                        0.6               (92.8    )%                 8.3
non-gaap equity income in millercoors                                                                                                                        $562.5               -      %                $562.4                 2.8     %              $547.3
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 4, "investments" of the notes, for a detailed discussion of these equity method adjustments.
the discussion below highlights the millercoors results of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015, versus the year ended december 31, 2014, and for the year ended december 31, 2014, versus the year ended december 31, 2013.
significant events during the third quarter of 2015, millercoors announced plans to close its brewery in eden, north carolina, in an effort to optimize the brewery footprint and streamline operations for greater efficiency. products currently produced in eden will be transitioned to other breweries in the millercoors network, and the eden brewery is anticipated to be closed in september 2016. as a result of the announcement of the planned brewery closure, millercoors recognized $67.7 million of charges during the second half of 2015 as special items, of which $61.3 million related to accelerated depreciation of brewery assets. millercoors will continue to incur special charges during each reporting period through the planned closure of the brewery in september 2016. total special charges associated with the planned eden closure are expected to be approximately $150 million to $200 million, consisting primarily of accelerated depreciation and asset write-offs. however, this estimated range contains significant uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially from these estimates due to uncertainty regarding the ultimate net cost associated with the disposition of assets, restructuring charges, contract termination costs, and other costs associated with the planned closure. additionally, during the third quarter of 2015, millercoors announced the acquisition of saint archer brewing company, a craft brewery, which was completed in the fourth quarter of 2015.
volume and net sales domestic strs declined 2.6% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by declines in both the economy and premium light portfolios, partially offset by growth in redd's, blue moon, leinenkugel's and coors banquet.
total stws volume declined 2.9% in 2015 compared to 2014. domestic stws decreased 2.9% versus 2014, driven by the decline in strs, and contract brewing volume decreased 2.5%.
domestic net sales per hectoliter increased 1.5% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by favorable net pricing and positive sales mix. total net sales per hectoliter, including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 1.4% in 2015 compared to 2014.
domestic strs declined 2.5% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by declines in both the premium light and economy portfolios, partially offset by growth in redd's, blue moon, leinenkugel's and coors banquet.
total stws volume declined 2.1% in 2014 compared to 2013. domestic stws decreased 2.5% versus 2013, driven by the decline in strs, while contract brewing volume increased slightly.
46
domestic net sales per hectoliter increased 2.9% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by favorable net pricing and positive brand mix. total net sales per hectoliter, including contract brewing and company-owned distributor sales, increased 2.8% in 2014 compared to 2013.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 1.3% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by lower aluminum, malt, corn and fuel pricing, along with supply chain cost savings. these factors were partially offset by brewery and freight inflation and fixed- cost absorption due to lower volumes.
cost of goods sold per hectoliter increased 2.6% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by commodity and brewery inflation, lower fixed-cost absorption, and higher costs associated with brand innovation.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 4.1% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by higher brand and information technology investments.
marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, driven primarily by cost reductions, lower pension expenses and promotional spending, partially offset by increased brand investments.
special items, net during 2015, millercoors recognized $61.3 million of accelerated depreciation charges and $6.4 million of severance and other charges resulting from the planned closure of the eden brewery. additionally, millercoors also recorded special charges of $42.4 million related to an early settlement of a portion of its defined benefit pension plan liability.
during 2014, millercoors recognized special charges of $1.4 million related to restructuring activities.
during 2013, millercoors recognized special charges of $17.2 million related to restructuring activities and $2.6 million related to asset write-offs associated with a business transformation project.
other information millercoors distributes its excess cash to its owners, sabmiller and mcbc, on a 58% - 42% basis, respectively. as of december 31, 2015, and december 31, 2014, millercoors had cash of $15.6 million and $9.3 million, respectively. as of december 31, 2015, and december 31, 2014, millercoors had total debt of $2.0 million and $1.7 million, respectively. there are no restrictions from external sources on its ability to make cash distributions to its owners.
millercoors recognized $358.4 million, $311.1 million and $291.5 million of depreciation and amortization during 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. a total of $61.3 million of the 2015 depreciation charges represent accelerated depreciation due to the planned closure of the eden brewery.
millercoors contributed $110.4 million (our 42% share was $46.4 million) to its defined benefit pension plans in 2015. for 2016, millercoors' contributions to its defined benefit pension plans are expected to be approximately $90 million to $110 million (our 42% share is approximately $38 million to $46 million), which are not included in our contractual cash obligations.
47
europe segment for the years ended december 31, 2015              change            december 31, 2014              change            december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters(1)                                              21.014                  (0.3   )%                21.083                  (0.3    )%               21.146
sales(1)                                                            $2,959.6                 (12.5   )%              $3,384.1                   3.6     %             $3,265.4
excise taxes                                                        (1,044.7       )         (11.8   )%              (1,183.8       )           4.1     %             (1,137.1       )
net sales(1)                                                         1,914.9                 (13.0   )%               2,200.3                   3.4     %              2,128.3
cost of goods sold                                                  (1,193.0       )         (13.3   )%              (1,375.8       )           1.3     %             (1,357.5       )
gross profit                                                           721.9                 (12.4   )%                 824.5                   7.0     %                770.8
marketing, general and administrative expenses                        (519.3       )          (9.4   )%                (573.1       )           0.6     %               (569.5       )
special items, net(2)                                                 (313.1       )         (14.4   )%                (365.9       )         112.2     %               (172.4       )
operating income (loss)                                               (110.5       )          (3.5   )%                (114.5       )           n/m                       28.9
interest income(3)                                                       3.9                 (11.4   )%                   4.4                 (10.2    )%                  4.9
other income (expense), net                                             (3.1       )   72.2          %                   (1.8       )           n/m                        0.5
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes         $(109.7       )          (2.0   )%               $(111.9       )           n/m                      $34.3
adjusting items:
special items, net(2)                                                  313.1                 (14.4   )%                 365.9                 112.2     %                172.4
acquisition and integration related costs                                  -                     -   %                      -                (100.0    )%                  6.6
other non-core items                                                       -                (100.0   )%                 (11.3       )           n/m                          -
non-gaap: underlying pretax income (loss)                             $203.4                 (16.2   )%                $242.7                  13.8     %               $213.3
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   reflects gross segment sales and for 2015, 2014 and 2013 includes intercompany sales to mci of 0.056 million hectoliters, 0.057 million hectoliters and 0.066 million hectoliters, respectively, and $4.4 million, $5.3 million and $4.8 million of net sales, respectively. the offset is included within mci cost of goods sold. these amounts are eliminated in the consolidated totals.
(2)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" of the notes for detail of special items.
(3)   interest income is earned on trade loans to on-premise customers exclusively in the u.k. and is typically driven by note receivable balances outstanding from period to period.
significant events during 2015, we continued our ongoing assessment of our european supply chain strategies in order to align with our cost saving objectives. as part of this continued strategic review of our european supply chain network, in the fourth quarter of 2015, management announced that we entered into a consultation process regarding our proposal to close of our burton south brewery in the u.k. to consolidate production within our recently modernized burton north brewery. additionally, during the fourth quarter of 2015, we closed our plovdiv brewery in bulgaria. these announcements follow the closure of the alton brewery in the u.k., which was completed during the second quarter of 2015. as a result of these closures, we incurred charges which were recorded within special items, including accelerated depreciation, and expect to incur additional charges as discussed further below. we will continue to evaluate our supply chain network and seek opportunities for further efficiencies and cost savings, and we therefore may incur additional restructuring related charges in the future related to these activities.
in the third quarter of 2015, we purchased the rekorderlig cider brand distribution rights in the u.k. and ireland and also sold our u.k. malting facility. in the second quarter of 2015, we terminated our distribution agreement with carlsberg whereby it held the exclusive distribution rights for the staropramen brand in the u.k., which gave us the exclusive distribution rights for the staropramen brand in the u.k. at the end of 2015. we believe these transactions will play a key role in transforming our portfolio, give us high-potential to grow our business in key markets and mitigate the impact of contract losses related to the
48
distribution of the modelo brands in the u.k. which expired as of december 31, 2014, and the termination of our contract brewing arrangement with heineken in the u.k. which became effective at the end of april 2015.
additionally, during the first quarter of 2015 and fourth quarter of 2014, we received assessments from a local country regulatory authority in europe. while we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessments and defend our position, if the assessments, as issued, are ultimately upheld, they could materially affect our results of operations. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
further, in 2015, 2014 and 2013 we recorded impairment charges for certain indefinite-lived intangible brands primarily driven by continued macroeconomic challenges, and have reclassified these brands to definite-lived. see "special items, net" below for more details.
foreign currency impact on results our europe segment operates in numerous countries within europe, and each country's operations utilize distinct currencies. during 2015, foreign currency movements increased our europe usd loss from continuing operations before income taxes by $24.0 million, and reduced usd underlying pretax income by $25.4 million. during 2014, foreign currency movements reduced our europe usd loss from continuing operations before income taxes by $8.8 million, and increased usd underlying pretax income by $7.7 million. included in these amounts are both translational and transactional impacts of changes in foreign exchange rates. the impact of transactional gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
volume and net sales sales volume decreased slightly in 2015 compared to 2014, due to the loss of the modelo brands in the u.k. in 2015, offset by strong growth in romania and croatia.
net sales per hectoliter decreased 2.0% in local currency in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to the loss of contract brewing revenue and the modelo brands in the u.k.
sales volume decreased slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, due to weak consumer demand, as well as the impacts of significant flooding in the balkans region in the second quarter of 2014. these factors were partially offset by improved performance in hungary, romania, czech republic and the u.k.
net sales per hectoliter increased 1.0% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, due to positive mix.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 2.9% in local currency in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily driven by the elimination of modelo brand costs and lower contract brewing volume in the u.k., along with positive supply chain performance.
cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 1.1% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, primarily driven by lower supply chain and distribution costs offsetting negative mix impact.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 2.8% in local currency in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by the release of a regulatory reserve in the third quarter of 2014 and an $11.3 million non-core gain recognized in the first quarter of 2014 related to the favorable resolution of an indirect-tax audit, along with severance costs and higher brand amortization expense in 2015.
marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased 1.4% in local currency in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by cost savings, the release of a regulatory reserve in the third quarter of 2014 and a non-core gain related to the favorable resolution of an indirect-tax reserve during the fourth quarter 2014, partially offset by higher investment behind core brands and innovation.
special items, net during the third quarter of 2015, we identified impairment indicators as it pertains to indefinite-lived intangible assets related to certain european brands driven by key changes to our underlying assumptions supporting the value of the brands. specific changes include underperformance through the 2015 peak season driving a downward shift in management's forecasts, along with challenging macroeconomic and competitive conditions that we no longer expect to subside in the near term. as a result, we recorded an aggregate impairment charge of $275.0 million within special items in the third quarter of 2015 and
49
reclassified the brands to definite-lived intangible assets. this followed impairment charges of indefinite-lived brand assets of $360.0 million and $150.9 million in 2014 and 2013, respectively. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "goodwill and intangible assets" of the notes for further discussion.
as part of our continued strategic review of our european supply chain network, in the fourth quarter of 2015, we entered into a consultation process regarding the proposal to close our burton south brewery in the u.k. to consolidate production within our recently modernized burton north brewery. as a result, we incurred accelerated depreciation charges related to the announced proposed burton south brewery closure in excess of our normal depreciation associated with this brewery of $1.4 million. we expect to incur future accelerated depreciation in excess of our normal depreciation of approximately gbp 9 million related to the burton south brewery from the first quarter of 2016 through the third quarter of 2017. also, in the fourth quarter of 2015, we closed our plovdiv brewery in bulgaria resulting in $2.1 million of asset abandonment related special charges, including accelerated depreciation in excess of our normal depreciation of $1.0 million as it pertains to this brewery.
additionally, as part of this review, during the second quarter of 2015, we completed the closure of the alton brewery in the u.k. which closing process began in the fourth quarter for 2014. as a result, in 2015 we incurred asset abandonment related special charges associated with this closure of $24.0 million, including accelerated depreciation in excess of our normal depreciation associated with this brewery of $21.8 million. in 2014, we incurred accelerated depreciation in excess of our normal depreciation associated with this brewery of $4.0 million.
we do not expect to incur future accelerated depreciation on the alton and plovdiv breweries. we may recognize other asset-related charges or benefits related to these breweries, which cannot currently be estimated and will be recorded within special items. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" of the notes for further discussion.
molson coors international segment for the years ended december 31, 2015             change       december 31, 2014                  change           december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters(1)                                               1.613                 20.0     %               1.344                  21.2   %                 1.109
sales                                                                 $177.0                 (3.9    )%       $184.2                         13.2   %                $162.7
excise taxes                                                           (32.5       )         16.5     %       (27.9           )              11.2   %                 (25.1       )
net sales                                                              144.5                 (7.5    )%               156.3                  13.6   %                 137.6
cost of goods sold(2)                                                  (98.6       )          2.2     %       (96.5           )              13.5   %                 (85.0       )
gross profit                                                            45.9                (23.2    )%                59.8                  13.7   %                  52.6
marketing, general and administrative expenses                         (63.9       )        (12.6    )%       (73.1           )               6.1   %                 (68.9       )
special items, net(3)                                                   (6.4       )          n/m             -                            (100.0   )%                  4.4
operating income (loss)                                                (24.4       )         83.5     %       (13.3           )              11.8   %                 (11.9       )
other income (expense), net                                             (0.4       )          n/m             -                            (100.0   )%                  0.1
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes          $(24.8       )         86.5     %       $(13.3          )              12.7   %                $(11.8       )
adjusting items:
special items, net(3)                                                    6.4                  n/m             -                            (100.0   )%                 (4.4       )
non-gaap: underlying pretax income (loss)                             $(18.4       )         38.3     %       $(13.3          )             (17.9   )%               $(16.2       )
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   excludes royalty volume of 1.458 million hectoliters, 1.351 million hectoliters and 1.141 million hectoliters in 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively.
(2)   reflects gross segment amounts and for 2015, 2014 and 2013 includes intercompany cost of goods sold from europe of $4.4 million, $5.3 million and $4.8 million, respectively. the offset is included within europe net sales. these amounts are eliminated in the consolidated totals.
50
(3)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" of the notes for detail of special items.
significant events in accordance with our strategy to increase our international portfolio and deepen our reach into the rapidly growing india beer market, mci acquired mount shivalik, a regional brewer, during the second quarter of 2015. as part of the transaction, mci acquired mount shivalik's entire brand portfolio, including the leading strong-beer brand thunderbolt, and assumed direct control over brewing operations. the acquisition of mount shivalik added two breweries and more than doubled our brewing capacity in india, which is in line with our strategy to grow our regional brand portfolio in india. we believe this acquisition will result in a powerful combination of industry leading brewing expertise, brand reach and operational efficiency that will allow us to accelerate the growth of our brands within the india market. additionally, during the second quarter of 2015, we announced our decision to substantially restructure our business in china and consequently recognized employee-related and asset write-off charges.
foreign currency impact on results our mci segment operates in numerous countries around the world and each country's operations utilize distinct currencies. foreign currency movements unfavorably impacted both mci's usd loss before income taxes and usd underlying pretax loss by $4.3 million for 2015. mci's results were insignificantly impacted by foreign currency movements in 2014. the impact of transactional foreign currency gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense).
volume and net sales total sales volume including royalty volumes increased 14.0% and sales volume excluding royalty volume increased by 20.0% in 2015 compared to 2014, due to volume growth in india from strong performance of our existing business and our acquisition of mount shivalik during the second quarter of 2015, along with coors light growth in latin america including our latest launch in colombia.
net sales per hectoliter decreased 23.0% in 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to sales mix changes and foreign currency movements.
total sales volume including royalty volumes increased 19.8%, and sales volume excluding royalty volume increased by 21.2% in 2014 compared to 2013, due to strong coors light growth in latin america and volume growth in india.
net sales per hectoliter decreased 6.3% in 2014 compared to 2013, driven by geographic mix and foreign currency movements.
cost of goods sold cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 14.9% in 2015 compared to 2014, due to sales mix changes and foreign currency movements.
cost of goods sold per hectoliter decreased 6.3% in 2014 compared to 2013, due to sales mix changes, foreign currency movement and geography mix.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased 12.6% in 2015 compared to 2014, driven by the substantial restructure of our business in china, as well as foreign currency movements.
marketing, general and administrative expenses increased 6.1% in 2014 compared to 2013, due to increases in marketing investments, partially offset by lower overhead expenses and foreign currency movements.
51
corporate for the years ended december 31, 2015            change                 december 31, 2014              change           december 31, 2013
(in millions, except percentages)
volume in hectoliters                                          -                            -        %                     -                     -   %                     -
sales                                                          $1.0                         (9.1     )%                 $1.1                  (8.3   )%                 $1.2
excise taxes                                                   -                            -        %                     -                     -   %                     -
net sales                                                      1.0                          (9.1     )%                  1.1                  (8.3   )%                  1.2
cost of goods sold                                             (14.7           )            n/m                         (4.7       )   30.6          %                  (3.6       )
gross profit                                                   (13.7           )            n/m                         (3.6       )   50.0          %                  (2.4       )
marketing, general and administrative expenses                 (113.0          )       7.4           %                (105.2       )          (2.0   )%               (107.4       )
special items, net(1)                                          -                            (100.0   )%                 (0.3       )         (76.9   )%                 (1.3       )
operating income (loss)                                        (126.7          )       16.1          %                (109.1       )          (1.8   )%               (111.1       )
interest expense, net                                          (115.9          )            (16.1    )%               (138.1       )         (21.1   )%               (175.0       )
other income (expense), net                                    (5.8            )            (41.4    )%                 (9.9       )        (162.7   )%                 15.8
income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes   $(248.4         )            (3.4     )%              $(257.1       )          (4.9   )%              $(270.3       )
adjusting items:
special items, net(1)                                          -                            (100.0   )%                  0.3                 (76.9   )%                  1.3
acquisition and integration related costs                      13.9                         n/m                            -                (100.0   )%                  4.1
unrealized mark-to-market (gains) and losses                   14.1                         n/m                          3.7                 (76.0   )%                 15.4
other non-core items                                           -                            -        %                     -                (100.0   )%                (22.3       )
non-gaap: underlying pretax income (loss)                      $(220.4         )            (12.9    )%              $(253.1       )          (6.9   )%              $(271.8       )
n/m = not meaningful
(1)   see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" of the notes for detail of special items.
marketing, general and administrative expenses marketing, general and administrative expenses increased in 2015 compared to 2014, due to costs incurred in 2015 associated with the pending acquisition of millercoors.
marketing, general and administrative expenses decreased slightly in 2014 compared to 2013, due to starbev acquisition and related integration costs recognized in 2013.
interest expense, net net interest expense decreased 2015 compared to 2014, driven primarily by lower interest expense recorded on our $300 million 2.0% notes due 2017 ("$300 million notes") and our $500 million 3.5% notes due 2022 ("$500 million notes") as a result of our interest rate swap hedges on these notes.
net interest expense decreased 2014 compared to 2013, driven by our ongoing efforts focused on deleveraging over the last year, which resulted in lower interest incurred on our outstanding borrowings, as well as an additional loss of $5.4 million included in 2013, related to the change in fair value on the conversion feature associated with the €500 million convertible note.
other income (expense), net the impact of transactional gains and losses is recorded within other income (expense). other income includes $6.9 million of amortization expense related to commitment fees on the bridge loan for the year ended december 31, 2015.
52
additionally, other income includes gains of $3.3 million and $22.3 million in 2015 and 2013, respectively, resulting from the sale of non-operating assets.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 5, "other income and expense" of the notes for further discussion of other income (expense) amounts.
liquidity and capital resources our primary sources of liquidity include cash provided by operating activities, access to external borrowings and monetization of assets. we believe that cash flows from operations, including distributions from millercoors, and cash provided by short-term and long-term borrowings, when necessary, will be more than adequate to meet our ongoing operating requirements, scheduled principal and interest payments on debt, anticipated dividend payments and capital expenditures for the next twelve months, and our long-term liquidity requirements. we expect to issue additional long-term debt to fund a portion of the $12.0 billion pending acquisition, as well as the related transaction costs. see below for additional information on the pending acquisition. a significant portion of our trade receivables are concentrated in europe. while these receivables are not concentrated with any specific customer and our allowance on these receivables factors in collectibility, our ability to collect may be impacted by any further economic downturn within europe.
a significant portion of our cash flows from operating activities is generated outside the u.s., in currencies other than usd. as of december 31, 2015, approximately 66% of our cash and cash equivalents were located outside the u.s., largely denominated in foreign currencies. most of the amounts held outside of the u.s. could be repatriated to the u.s., but under current law, would be subject to u.s. federal and state income taxes, less applicable foreign tax credits. we accrue for u.s. federal and state tax consequences on the earnings of our foreign subsidiaries upon repatriation. when the earnings are considered indefinitely reinvested outside of the u.s., we do not accrue u.s. federal and state tax consequences. we utilize a variety of tax planning and financing strategies in an effort to ensure that our worldwide cash is available in the locations in which it is needed. we periodically review and evaluate these strategies, including external committed and non-committed credit agreements accessible by mcbc and each of our operating subsidiaries. these financing arrangements, along with the distributions received from millercoors, are sufficient to fund our current cash needs in the u.s.
net working capital as of december 31, 2015, and december 31, 2014, we had debt-free net working capital of positive $70.3 million and positive $101.2 million, respectively. short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt are excluded from net working capital as they are not reflective of the ongoing operational requirements of the business. the levels of working capital required to run our business fluctuate with the seasonality in our business. our working capital is also sensitive to foreign exchange rates, as a significant majority of current assets and current liabilities are denominated in either cad or our european operating currencies such as, but not limited to, gbp, euro, czech koruna, croatian kuna, serbian dinar, new romanian leu, bulgarian lev and hungarian forint, while financial results are reported in usd. below is a table outlining our current and historical net working capital levels:
as of december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014(1)
(in millions)
current assets                                                               $1,258.8                      $1,577.1
less: current liabilities                                                    (1,217.2       )              (2,324.9        )
add back: current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings            28.7           849.0
net working capital                                                             $70.3                        $101.2
(1)   amounts have been adjusted to reflect the adoption of the authoritative guidance requiring debt issuance costs to be presented as a direct reduction from the carrying value of the related debt. see note 2, "new accounting pronouncements" for further discussion. separately, during the fourth quarter of 2015, we prospectively adopted authoritative guidance requiring all deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities to be presented as non-current on the consolidated balance sheet. as a result, all current deferred tax assets and liabilities were reclassified to non-current in our consolidated balance sheet as of december 31, 2015. because we adopted this guidance prospectively, the prior period balances have not been retrospectively adjusted and continue to reflect current and non-current classification as historically presented. as such, comparability issues are present within the current and prior year balances in the table above. see part ii-item 8 financial statements, note 6, "income tax" of the notes for further details.
53
the decrease in net working capital from $101.2 million at december 31, 2014, to $70.3 million at december 31, 2015, is primarily related to an overall decrease in cash balances due to additional cash used in the current year to pay our discretionary cash contribution of $227.1 million made to our u.k. pension plan, to repurchase shares of our class b common stock, and to acquire mount shivalik in india and the rekorderlig distribution rights in the u.k., as well as a decrease in our payables balance, partially offset by lower cash repayments on our commercial paper program during 2015. see additional discussion below under subheading "cash and cash equivalents" and part ii-item 8 financial statements, note 12, "debt" of the notes for further details of the current portion of long-term debt and short-term borrowings.
cash flows our business generates positive operating cash flows each year, and our debt maturities are of a longer-term nature. however, our liquidity could be impacted significantly by the risk factors described in part i, item 1a. risk factors.
cash flows from operating activities net cash provided by operating activities of $696.4 million in 2015, decreased by $576.2 million compared to 2014. this decrease was primarily due to lower net income, adjusted for lower non-cash add-backs, along with unfavorable foreign currency movements, higher cash paid for pension contributions, including our $227.1 million discretionary payment to our u.k. pension plan, and taxes.
net cash provided by operating activities of $1,272.6 million in 2014 increased by $104.4 million compared to 2013. this increase was primarily due to higher net income, adjusted for increased non-cash add-backs, along with lower cash paid for pension contributions, interest, taxes and restructuring.
cash flows from investing activities net cash used in investing activities of $334.7 million in 2015, increased by $95.3 million compared to 2014 driven primarily by the cash paid in 2015 for the acquisition of mount shivalik in india and the rekorderlig distribution rights in the u.k.
net cash used in investing activities of $239.4 million in 2014, decreased by $37.6 million compared to 2013.
•   this decrease was primarily driven by lower net investments in millercoors, lower capital expenditures and higher return of capital from unconsolidated affiliates.
•   further, proceeds from sales of properties and other assets decreased by $44.8 million primarily due to the sale of our interest in our tradeteam joint venture to dhl as well as the sale of other non-core investment assets in 2013. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 4, "investments" and note 5, "other income and expense" of the notes for further discussion.
cash flows from financing activities net cash used in financing activities of $512.0 million in 2015, decreased by $290.0 million compared to 2014.
•   this decrease is primarily driven by proceeds on our commercial paper program and other revolving credit facilities in 2015 compared to repayments in 2014. specifically, we had proceeds of $3.9 million in 2015 versus repayments of $513.9 million in 2014.
•   this decrease is partially offset by our class b common stock share repurchase of approximately $150 million in 2015 as well as increased repayments on our overdraft facilities, payments for debt issuance costs and dividend payments during 2015.
net cash used in financing activities of $802.0 million in 2014, decreased by $257.2 million compared to 2013.
•   the decrease in cash used in financing activities is primarily related to additional 2013 payments of long-term debt partially offset by additional 2014 net payments on revolving credit facilities and commercial paper. during 2013 we repaid the $575 million convertible bonds, the €500 million convertible note (less the €44.9 million initially withheld) for $614.7 million, and the balance of our euro denominated term loan for $123.8 million.
comparatively, during 2014, we released $61.4 million (€44.9 million) of the €500 million convertible note to the seller. additionally during 2014, we made net payments of $513.9 million on our revolving credit facilities and commercial paper program compared to proceeds of $507.4 million in 2013. these payments in the current year were primarily driven by reducing the outstanding balances on our commercial paper borrowings and euro-denominated revolving credit facility to zero. additionally, we had net borrowings on
54
our european notional cross-border, cross currency cash pool within our europe business of $74.1 million for 2014. comparatively, we were not in an overdraft position as of december 31, 2013, or as of december 29, 2012, and thus the net overdraft borrowings was zero in 2013.
•   during 2014 we repaid $65.2 million on our remaining cross currency swaps, which were extended and designated as a net investment hedge in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared to $119.4 million in 2013.
•   the decrease in cash used in financing activities during 2014, was also offset by a $43.9 million decrease in the proceeds from exercise of stock options, including the related tax impact, as well as a $39.0 million increase in dividends paid.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 12, "debt" of the notes for a summary of our financing activities and debt position at december 31, 2015, and december 31, 2014.
underlying free cash flow we generated $704.3 million of underlying free cash flow in 2015. this represents a 26.4% decrease in underlying free cash flow compared to $956.7 million in 2014, primarily driven by unfavorable foreign currency movements, lower underlying net income, after considering non-cash adjustments, lower net distributions from millercoors, higher capital expenditures and higher cash paid for taxes, partially offset by favorable impact from working capital changes.
the following table provides a reconciliation of underlying free cash flow, a non-gaap measure, to the nearest u.s. gaap measure (net cash provided by operating activities).
for the years ended december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013
(in millions)
u.s. gaap:    net cash provided by operating activities              $696.4                    $1,272.6                    $1,168.2
less:         additions to properties(1)                             (275.0       )              (259.5       )              (293.9       )
less:         investment in millercoors(1)                         (1,442.7       )            (1,388.1       )            (1,186.5       )
add:          return of capital from millercoors(1)                 1,441.1                     1,382.5                     1,146.0
add/(less):   cash impact of special items(2)                          23.1                       (55.8       )                48.8
add:          costs related to acquisition of businesses(3)             1.1                           -                         7.7
add:          discretionary pension contribution(4)                   227.1                           -                           -
add:          settlement of swaps, net(5)                              10.7                           -                           -
add:          millercoors investment in businesses(6)                  22.3           1.3                                         -
add:          millercoors cash impact of special items(6)               0.2           3.7                                       1.7
non-gaap:     underlying free cash flow                              $704.3                      $956.7                      $892.0
(1)   included in net cash used in investing activities.
(2)   included in net cash provided by operating activities. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 7, "special items" of the notes for further discussion.
(3)   included in net cash provided by operating activities and reflects acquisition and financing costs paid associated with the pending acquisition of millercoors, llc, as well as the miller global brand portfolio in 2015, and integration related costs associated with the acquisition of starbev l.p. for 2013.
(4)   discretionary cash contribution of $227.1 million made to our u.k. pension plan included in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities.
(5)   cash paid for settlement of forward starting interest rate swaps of $29.5 million related to the issuance of our cad 500 million 2.75% notes due september 2020, and cad 400 million 2.25% notes due september 2018, included in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities. also includes the receipt of $18.8 million related to the early settlement of our fixed to float interest rate swaps associated with our $300 million 2% notes due on may 1, 2017, and $500 million 3.5% notes due on may 1, 2022, included in net cash provided by (used in) operating activities.
(6)   amounts represent our proportionate 42% share of the cash flow impacts to millercoors.
55
pending acquisition the pending acquisition is expected to be funded through cash on hand and financed through a combination of incremental debt and equity. specifically, in connection with the pending acquisition, we entered into a bridge loan agreement which provides for a 364-day bridge loan facility of up to $9.3 billion. in connection with the bridge loan, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid commitment fees of $49.2 million. additionally, on december 16, 2015, we also entered into a term loan agreement by and among us the lenders party thereto, and citibank, n.a., as administrative agent. the term loan agreement provides for total term loan commitments of $1.5 billion in a 3-year tranche and $1.5 billion in a 5-year tranche, for an aggregate principal amount of $3.0 billion. in connection with the term loan, during the year ended december 31, 2015, we paid issuance fees of $8.3 million. as of december 31, 2015, there are no borrowings on the bridge loan or term loan. we do not expect to draw on the bridge loan and we do not expect to have borrowings on the term loan until or near the completion of the pending acquisition. on february 3, 2016, we received proceeds of $2.5 billion, net of issuance and other fees from our january 26, 2016, equity offering of 29.9 million shares of our class b common stock, inclusive of the underwriters' option to purchase additional shares, which reduced the commitment on our bridge loan to $6.8 billion, representing the amount mcbc expects to replace with permanent long-term financing between now and the consummation of the pending acquisition. related to this expected long-term financing, we entered into swaptions in january 2016 with a total notional of $855.0 million to hedge a portion of our anticipated long-term debt issuance. we intend to terminate and settle these swaptions upon maturity or immediately prior to the completion of the associated pending debt issuance in the event that occurs prior to maturity. additionally, in order to maximize the yield on the cash received from the equity issuance, while maintaining liquidity, mcbc has strategically invested the proceeds in various fixed rate deposit and money market accounts with terms of three months or less.
at this time, we anticipate this acquisition will close in the second half of 2016, subject to necessary regulatory approvals and contingent on the successful closing of the abi/sabmiller transaction.
capital resources cash and cash equivalents as of december 31, 2015, we had total cash and cash equivalents of $430.9 million, compared to $624.6 million at december 31, 2014. the decrease in cash and cash equivalents at december 31, 2015, from december 31, 2014, was primarily driven by our discretionary cash contribution of $227.1 million made to our u.k. pension plan in the first quarter of 2015 as well as our share repurchases of approximately $150 million. our cash and cash equivalents are invested in a variety of highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. these investments are viewed by management as low-risk investments and on which there are little to no restrictions regarding our ability to access the underlying cash to fund our operations as necessary. we also utilize a cash pooling arrangement to facilitate the access to cash.
borrowings the majority of our outstanding borrowings as of december 31, 2015, consisted of fixed-rate senior notes, with maturities ranging from 2017 to 2042. the cad 900 million 5.0% notes due 2015 were repaid during the third quarter of 2015 using the proceeds from the issuance of the cad 500 million 2.75% notes due 2020 and cad 400 million 2.25% notes due 2018, which were both issued in september 2015 (collectively the "2015 notes"). beginning in the second quarter of 2014, we entered into forward starting interest rate swap agreements to manage our exposure to the volatility of the interest rates associated with future interest payments on the forecasted debt issuance. under the agreements, we were required to early terminate these swaps at the approximate time we issued the previously forecasted debt. at the time of issuance of the 2015 notes, the government of canada bond rates were trading at a yield lower than that locked in by the interest rate swaps, resulting in an aggregate loss of cad 39.2 million ($29.5 million at settlement), which was recorded in other comprehensive income. during 2014, we also entered into interest rate swaps to economically convert our fixed rate $500 million 3.5% notes due 2022 to floating rate debt. additionally, in the first quarter of 2015, we entered into interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional amount of $300 million and a cross currency swap with a notional amount of eur 265 million ($300 million upon execution) to economically convert our fixed rate $300 million 2.0% notes due in 2017 to floating rate, euro denominated debt. during the fourth quarter of 2015, we voluntarily cash settled all of our interest rate swaps which resulted in cash receipts of $18.8 million as well as our cross currency swap which resulted in cash receipts of $16.0 million. we also hold short-term borrowings primarily related to overdrafts on our cross-border cash pool arrangement and revolving credit facilities. see part ii-item 8 financial statements, note 12, "debt" of the notes for further details.
based on the credit profile of our lenders that are party to our credit facilities, we are confident in our ability to draw on such credit facilities if the need arises. there were no outstanding borrowings under our $750 million revolving credit facility or under our commercial paper program as of december 31, 2015, and thus we had $750 million available to draw on under this revolving credit facility as of december 31, 2015, as the borrowing capacity is reduced by borrowings under our
56
commercial paper program. we also have japanese yen ("jpy") and euro ("eur") uncommitted lines of credit, and cad and british pound ("gbp") overdraft facilities with several banks should we need additional short-term liquidity.
under the terms of each of our debt facilities, we must comply with certain restrictions. these include restrictions on priority indebtedness (certain threshold percentages of secured consolidated net tangible assets), leverage thresholds, liens, and restrictions on certain types of sale lease-back transactions. the covenants specify that our leverage ratio cannot exceed 3.5x debt to ebitda, as defined in our credit agreement. as of december 31, 2015, and december 31, 2014, we were in compliance with all of these restrictions and have met all debt payment obligations. as part of the pending acquisition, we have amended our $750 million revolving multi-currency credit facility due in 2019 to increase the maximum leverage ratio to 5.75x debt to ebitda effective following the completion of the acquisition, with a decline to 3.75x debt to ebitda in the fourth year following the closing of transaction.
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 12, "debt" of the notes for a complete discussion and presentation of all borrowings and available sources of borrowing, including lines of credit.
use of cash during 2015, we made contributions to our defined benefit pension plans of $256.1 million, which includes our discretionary cash contribution of $227.1 million made to our u.k. pension plan.
on february 10, 2015, we announced that our board of directors approved and authorized a new program to repurchase up to $1.0 billion of our class a and class b common stock. during 2015, we purchased a total of approximately 2 million shares of our class b common stock under the new program for approximately $150 million. as a result of the pending acquisition, we have suspended the share repurchase program. as we pay down debt we will revisit our share repurchase program once deleveraging is well underway.
during 2015, we paid quarterly dividends of $0.41 per share, totaling $303.4 million payments during 2015. as a result of the pending acquisition, we plan to maintain our current quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share as we pay down debt, and we will revisit our dividend policy once deleveraging is well underway.
credit rating our current long-term credit ratings are bbb-/stable outlook, baa2/negative outlook, bbb/negative outlook and bbb/negative outlook with standard and poor's, moody's investor services, fitch ratings and dbrs, respectively. similarly, our short-term credit ratings are a-2, prime-2, f2 and r-2, respectively. a securities rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities, and it may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the rating agency.
foreign exchange foreign exchange risk is inherent in our operations primarily due to the significant operating results that are denominated in currencies other than usd. our approach is to reduce the volatility of cash flows and reported earnings which result from currency fluctuations rather than business related factors. therefore, we closely monitor our operations in each country and seek to adopt appropriate strategies that are responsive to foreign currency fluctuations. our financial risk management policy is intended to offset a portion of the potentially unfavorable impact of exchange rate changes on net income and earnings per share. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 16, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" of the notes for additional information on our financial risk management strategies.
our consolidated financial statements are presented in usd, which is our reporting currency. assets and liabilities recorded in foreign currencies that are the functional currencies for the respective operations are translated at the prevailing exchange rate at the balance sheet date. translation adjustments resulting from this process are reported as a separate component of other comprehensive income. revenue and expenses are translated at the average exchange rates during the period. gains and losses from foreign currency transactions are included in earnings for the period. the significant exchange rates to the usd used in the preparation of our consolidated financial results for the primary foreign currencies used in our foreign operations (functional currency) are as follows:
57
for the years ended december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014           december 31, 2013
weighted-average exchange rate (1 usd equals)
canadian dollar (cad)                               1.27                        1.11                        1.03
euro (eur)                                          0.89                        0.75                        0.77
british pound (gbp)                                 0.65                        0.60                        0.64
czech koruna (czk)                                 24.48                       20.67                       19.60
croatian kuna (hrk)                                 6.85                        5.58                        5.70
serbian dinar (rsd)                               107.46                       84.82                       85.24
new romanian leu (ron)                              3.99                        3.33                        3.31
bulgarian lev (bgn)                                 1.75                        1.46                        1.48
hungarian forint (huf)                            278.85                      228.63                      223.91
as of december 31, 2015           december 31, 2014
closing exchange rate (1 usd equals)
canadian dollar (cad)                      1.38                        1.16
euro (eur)                                 0.92                        0.83
british pound (gbp)                        0.68                        0.64
czech koruna (czk)                        24.88                       22.86
croatian kuna (hrk)                        7.04                        6.33
serbian dinar (rsd)                      111.86                      100.30
new romanian leu (ron)                     4.16                        3.70
bulgarian lev (bgn)                        1.80                        1.62
hungarian forint (huf)                   290.44                      261.64
the exchange rates for the years ended december 31, 2015, december 31, 2014, and december 31, 2013, have been calculated based on the average of the foreign exchange rates during the relevant period and have been weighted according to the foreign denominated earnings before interest and taxes of the usd equivalent.
foreign currencies in the countries in which we operate, specifically the cad, eur, gbp, czk, hrk and rsd, devalued significantly over the last year which had a significant impact on our 2015 usd reported earnings. if these rates continue to devalue in 2016, then the impact on usd reported earnings may be material.
capital expenditures in 2015, we incurred $269.1 million, and paid $275.0 million, on capital improvement projects worldwide, which excludes capital spending by millercoors and other equity method joint ventures, representing an approximate 8% decrease versus 2014 capital expenditures incurred of $291.3 million, primarily driven by the strengthening of the usd in 2015 compared to 2014. we expect to incur capital expenditures in 2016 of approximately $300 million, based on foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2015, excluding millercoors and other equity method joint ventures or consideration of the potential implications of the pending acquisition. the increase in planned expenditures for 2016 from 2015 is primarily due to planned supply chain capital projects in canada, including the costs of construction of an efficient and flexible brewery in british columbia following the sale of our vancouver brewery in early 2016, the proceeds from which will help fund the new brewery construction.
we have increased our focus on where and how we employ our planned capital expenditures, specifically strengthening our focus on required returns on invested capital as we determine how to best allocate cash within the business.
58
contractual obligations and commercial commitments contractual obligations a summary of our consolidated contractual obligations as of december 31, 2015, based on foreign exchange rates at december 31, 2015, is as follows:
payments due by period total            less than 1 year             1 - 3 years             3 - 5 years           more than 5 years
(in millions)
debt obligations                           $2,940.3                   $28.7                    $950.3                  $361.3                  $1,600.0
interest payments on debt obligations       1,656.7                   109.2                     188.8                   162.0                   1,196.7
retirement plan expenditures(1)                81.8                    17.5                      14.1                    14.4                      35.8
operating leases                              118.5                    30.7                      43.3                    24.9                      19.6
other long-term obligations(2)              2,861.5                   664.1                     757.9                   603.6                     835.9
total obligations                          $7,658.8                  $850.2                  $1,954.4                $1,166.2                  $3,688.0
see part ii - item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 12, "debt", note 15, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits", note 16, "derivative instruments and hedging activities" and note 18, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for additional information.
(1)   represents expected contributions under our defined benefit pension plans in the next twelve months and our benefit payments under postretirement benefit plans for all periods presented. the net underfunded liability at december 31, 2015, of our defined benefit pension plans (excluding our overfunded plans) and postretirement benefit plans is $74.0 million and $136.1 million, respectively. defined benefit pension plan contributions in future years will vary based on a number of factors, including actual plan asset returns and interest rates, and as such, have been excluded from the above table. we fund pension plans to meet the requirements set forth in applicable employee benefits laws. we may also voluntarily increase funding levels to meet financial goals. pension contributions and postretirement benefit payments on a consolidated basis (excluding millercoors, bri and bdl) were $262.2 million in 2015. excluding millercoors, bri and bdl, we expect to make contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2016 up to approximately $20 million and benefit payments for our other postretirement benefit plans of approximately $10 million in 2016.
our u.k. pension plan is subject to a statutory valuation for funding purposes every three years. the most recent valuation as of june 30, 2013, was completed during the first quarter of 2014 and resulted in a long-term funding commitment plan consisting of an mcbc guarantee of a gbp 150 million lump-sum contribution ($227.1 million at payment date) which was paid in january 2015, and annual contributions of gbp 24 million to be made from january 2017 through december 2026, which are excluded from the table above.
we have taken numerous steps in recent years to reduce our exposure to these long-term pension obligations, including the closure of the u.k. pension plan in early 2009 to future earning of service credit and benefit modifications in several of our canada plans. however, given the net liability of these plans and their dependence upon the global financial markets for their financial health, the plans may continue to periodically require potentially significant amounts of cash funding.
(2)   the "other long-term obligations" line primarily includes non-cancellable purchase commitments as of december 31, 2015, that are enforceable and legally binding. approximately $1,233 million of the total other long-term obligations relate to long-term supply contracts with third parties to purchase raw material, packaging material and energy used in production. approximately $962 million relates to commitments associated with tradeteam in the u.k. our aggregate commitments for advertising and promotions, including sports sponsorship, total approximately $406 million. the remaining amounts relate to derivative payments, sales and marketing, distribution, information technology services, open purchase orders and other commitments. included in other long-term obligations are $8.4 million of unrecognized tax benefits, excluding positions we would expect to settle using deferred tax assets, and $10.3 million of indemnities provided to femsa for which we cannot reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows, and we have therefore included these amounts in the more than 5 years column.
59
guarantees we guarantee indebtedness and other obligations to banks and other third parties for some of our equity investments and consolidated subsidiaries. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
other commercial commitments as of december 31, 2015
amount of commitment expiration per period total amountscommitted             less than 1 year             1 - 3 years            3 - 5 years            more than 5 years
(in millions)
standby letters of credit   $44.4                              $43.2                        $1.2                   $-                     $-
contingencies we are party to various legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, environmental litigation and indemnities associated with our sale of kaiser to femsa. additionally, during the first quarter of 2015 and fourth quarter of 2014, we received assessments from a local country regulatory authority related to our europe operations. while we intend to vigorously challenge the validity of the assessment and defend our position, if the assessments, as issued, are ultimately upheld, they could materially affect our results of operations. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion.
off-balance sheet arrangements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, our operating leases are not reflected in our consolidated balance sheets. see part ii-item 8 financial statements, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for further discussion of these off-balance sheet arrangements (as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of regulation s-k). as of december 31, 2015, we did not have any other material off-balance sheet arrangements.
outlook for 2016
in 2016, we will continue our relentless focus on delighting our consumers and our customers to ensure we are the first choice brewer in the geographies and segments in which we operate. we will also continue to drive our strategy of building a stronger brand portfolio that is delivering value-added innovation, strengthening our core brand positions and increasing our share in above premium, flavored malt beverages, craft and cider. we will do this while ensuring that we have a meaningful cost base and a deeply embedded focus on our approach to generating higher returns for our invested capital, managing our working capital and delivering a greater return on investment for our shareholders.
in canada, we recently launched our newest chapter on our molson canadian "anything for hockey" campaign generating 80 million media impressions in the first week. for coors light we expect to significantly increase programming and further evolve our communications with a new campaign building on learnings from 2015. in above premium, consumer demand remains strong for coors banquet, belgian moon, molson canadian cider, and mad jack lager. building on that momentum, we will continue to introduce new variants on the successful and rapidly growing mad jack brand and also our ciders, which have been exceeding growth expectations. finally, in addition to heineken, strongbow and heineken's other top-end import brands, such as dos equis and sol, we picked up the distribution of all heineken trading brands in canada at the start of the new year. in 2016, we will also continue to restructure our business to ensure we are fit for the future, including the sale of our vancouver brewery, which will allow us to build a more efficient and flexible brewery over the next few years.
we expect our 2016 canada cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low-single-digit rate in local currency.
in the u.s., millercoors began to drive substantial changes to the business in the latter half of 2015 that were necessary to create the foundation for volume growth we aim to achieve by 2019. in american light lagers, the revitalization of our two largest brands is progressing well, and we are seeing segment share growth in both coors light and miller lite for the first time since millercoors was formed nearly 8 years ago. in above premium, millercoors continue to focus on higher-margin offerings that can scale and stick, including further extensions from leinenkugel's and blue moon. in hard cider, millercoors is continuing to broaden the appeal of smith & forge hard cider by adding a bottle package to our line-up. in early january, to strengthen our flavored malt beverage portfolio, we launched henry's hard soda, which has been met with great enthusiasm from our distributors and retail partners. millercoors is also continuing to develop new strategies to improve the performance
60
of our economy brands, which have presented challenges on our volume trends. millercoors will continue to build first choice customer partnerships, working with our distributors to bring more resources to the on-premise with our building with beer retail strategy, which leverages the higher velocity and broad appeal of american light lagers.
we expect millercoors cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low-single-digit rate in 2016.
in europe, the terminated heineken contract in the u.k. will continue to present a headwind in the first quarter of 2016, as will the new amortization expense for the brands that we impaired and moved to definite lived during the third quarter of 2015. we will continue to invest in our core brand portfolio across europe to grow share of segment. we also intend to continue to invest in our above premium portfolio. starting in 2016, we expect rekorderlig cider and staropramen in the u.k. and republic of ireland to contribute with more than 350,000 hectoliters of above premium volume annually to our europe business and to provide attractive growth potential for the future. in combination with the integration of the franciscan well craft brands in republic of ireland and the acquisition of the brewing and kegging operation of thomas hardy's burtonwood brewery in england, we now have a broad range of consumer and customer offerings in the above premium, craft and cider segments across the u.k. and republic of ireland. additionally, we are implementing significant new initiatives to further improve the efficiency and effectiveness of our european operations and to provide more resources to invest in driving top-line and bottom-line growth. as the two most recent examples, we closed one of our breweries in bulgaria in november 2015, and we have entered into a consultation process in the u.k. regarding our proposal to close our burton south brewery and consolidate production within our recently modernized burton north brewery by the end of 2017.
we expect our 2016 europe cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low-single-digit rate versus 2015 in local currency.
mci is focused on attaining profitability in 2016 on a constant-currency basis versus 2013, when we made this commitment, and continuing to accelerate our overall growth and expansion in new and existing markets. upon closing on the pending acquisition, we are planning to integrate the miller brands into our international portfolio and leverage a footprint that complements our growth strategy and allows us to gain entrance into high-priority markets, while increasing our business scale in current markets. we will also continue to drive rapid growth for coors light in latin america, including the high-potential colombia market, where we launched in the fourth quarter of 2015. in the future, we expect coors, miller and staropramen to form the foundation of our international brand portfolio.
we expect our 2016 mci cost of goods sold per hectoliter to increase at a low-single-digit rate in local currency.
we expect 2016 marketing, general and administrative expense in corporate to be approximately $120 million.
we currently anticipate up to approximately $20 million of cash contributions to our defined benefit pension plans in 2016 and pension expense of approximately $8 million, based on foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2015. millercoors, bri and bdl pension expense and contributions to their respective defined benefit pension plans are excluded here, as they are not consolidated in our financial statements.
pending acquisition the most important strategic development of 2015, which we expect to significantly advance our ambition to be the first choice for consumers and customers, is our definitive agreement to purchase the remaining 58% of sabmiller's economic interest and 50% voting interest in millercoors as well as all trademarks, contracts and other assets primarily related to the miller brand portfolio outside of the u.s. and puerto rico. we anticipate the pending acquisition to close in the second half of 2016, subject to necessary regulatory approvals and contingent on the successful closing of the abi/sabmiller transaction. we expect to replace the outstanding commitment on our bridge loan with long-term financing to partially fund the pending acquisition. we expect to incur increased general and administrative expenses, as well as non-operating expenses as a result of the pending acquisition including transactional costs, current temporary financing costs, as well as costs associated with our anticipated long-term financing.
interest we anticipate 2016 consolidated net interest expense of approximately $110 million, excluding interest related to the pending acquisition, based on foreign exchange rates as of december 31, 2015.
tax our tax rate is volatile and may move up or down with changes in, among other things, the amount and source of income or loss, our ability to utilize foreign tax credits, changes in tax laws, and the movement of liabilities established pursuant to accounting guidance for uncertain tax positions as statutes of limitations expire, positions are effectively settled or when additional information becomes available. excluding any effects of the pending acquisition, we expect our 2016 underlying
61
effective tax rate to be in the range of 18% to 22%. after 2016, we expect our underlying effective tax rate to be near the low end of our long term range of 20% to 24%, assuming no further changes in tax laws, settlement of tax audits, adjustments to our uncertain tax positions, or significant acquisitions or divestitures. there are proposed or pending tax law changes in various jurisdictions in which we do business that, if enacted, may have an impact on our underlying effective tax rate. additionally, the completion of the pending acquisition is expected to increase our effective tax rate if consummated.
dividends as a result of the pending acquisition, we plan to maintain our current quarterly dividend of $0.41 per share as we pay down debt, and we will revisit our dividend policy once deleveraging is well underway.
critical accounting estimates our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with u.s. gaap. in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we are required to make judgments and estimates that significantly affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. our estimates are based on historical experience, current trends and various other assumptions we believe to be relevant under the circumstances. we review the underlying factors used in our estimates regularly, including reviewing the significant accounting policies impacting the estimates, to ensure compliance with u.s. gaap. however, due to the uncertainty inherent in our estimates, actual results may be materially different. we have identified the accounting estimates below as critical to understanding and evaluating the financial results reported in our consolidated financial statements.
for a complete description of our significant accounting policies, see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 1, "basis of presentation and summary of significant accounting policies" of the notes.
pension and other postretirement benefits our defined benefit pension plans cover certain current and former employees in canada, the u.k. (within our europe segment) and japan (within our mci segment). our other postretirement benefit ("opeb") plans provide medical benefits for retirees and their eligible dependents as well as life insurance for certain retirees in canada, the u.s., and europe. the canada and u.k. defined benefit pension plans are primarily funded, but the japan plan and all opeb plans are unfunded. we also offer defined contribution plans in each of our segments.
accounting for pension and opeb plans requires that we make assumptions that involve considerable judgment which are significant inputs in the actuarial models that measure our net pension and opeb obligations and ultimately impact our earnings. these include the discount rate, long-term expected rate of return on assets, compensation trends, inflation considerations, health care cost trends and other assumptions, as well as determining the fair value of assets in our funded plans.
specifically, the discount rates, as well as the expected rates of return on assets and plan asset fair value determination, are important assumptions used in determining the plans' funded status and annual net periodic pension and opeb benefit costs. we evaluate these critical assumptions at least annually on a plan and country-specific basis. we also, with the help of actuaries, periodically evaluate other assumptions involving demographic factors, such as retirement age, mortality and turnover, and update them to reflect our experience and expectations for the future. while we believe that our assumptions are appropriate, significant differences in our actual experience or significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our net pension and postretirement benefit obligations and related expense.
discount rates the assumed discount rates are used to present-value future benefit obligations based on each plan's respective duration. the canada pension and postretirement discount rates are based on our annual evaluation of high quality corporate bonds in the canada market based on appropriate indices and actuarial guidance. the u.k. pension discount rate is based on information obtained from our actuary and reviewed in comparison with a published bond index reflective of the duration of our defined benefit pension obligations. we believe that our discount rate assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our pension and opeb obligations and related expense.
at december 31, 2015, on a weighted-average basis, the discount rates used were 3.82% for our defined benefit pension plans and 4.05% for our opeb plans. this is a minimal change from the weighted-average discount rates of 3.70% for our defined benefit pension plans and 4.15% for our postretirement plans at december 31, 2014, resulting from a challenging global economic environment.
62
a 50 basis point change in our discount rate assumptions would have had the following effects on the projected benefit obligation balances as of december 31, 2015, for our pension and opeb plans:
impact to projected benefit obligation as of december 31, 2015
- 50 basis points decrease                            increase
(in millions)
projected benefit obligation - unfavorable (favorable)
pension obligation                                       $263.3                              $(284.4           )
opeb obligation                                          9.1                                 (9.3              )
total impact to the projected benefit obligation         $272.4                              $(293.7           )
our u.k. pension plan includes benefits linked to inflation. the above sensitivity analysis does not consider the implications to inflation resulting from the above contemplated discount rate changes. this sensitivity holds all other assumptions constant.
long term expected rates of return on assets the assumed long-term expected return on assets ("eroa") is used to estimate the actual return that will occur on each individual funded plan's respective plan assets in the upcoming year. we determine each plan's eroa with substantial input from independent investment specialists, including our actuaries and other consultants. in developing each plan's eroa, we consider current and expected asset allocations, historical market rates as well as historical and expected returns on each plan's individual asset classes. in developing future return expectations for each of our plan's assets, we evaluate general market trends as well as key elements of asset class returns such as expected earnings growth, yields and spreads. the calculation includes inputs for interest, inflation, credit, and risk premium (active investment management) rates and fees paid to service providers. based on the above factors and expected asset allocations, we have assumed, on a weighted-average basis, an eroa of 5.09% for our defined benefit pension plan assets for cost recognition in 2016. this is a decrease from the weighted-average rate of 5.46% we had assumed in 2015. we believe that our eroa assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions or actual returns that differ significantly from estimated returns may materially affect our net periodic pension costs.
our eroa assumptions are applied to each of our plan's assets using the "market-related value", which utilizes a delayed approach to recognition of asset-related gains and losses to reduce volatility resulting from significant market movements. specifically, while employer contributions and realized gains and losses (such as dividends received or gains and losses on sales of assets) are reflected immediately in the market-related value of assets, each year's unrealized gains and losses are amortized into the market-related value over five years. therefore, significant divergences of actual returns from expected returns may not have an immediate impact on each of our plan's future net periodic pension costs; rather, such differences will be amortized over the five years following the event. therefore, future years' pension expense will continue to be impacted by the gains and losses experienced in prior years.
a 50 basis point change in our discount rate and expected return on assets assumptions made at the beginning of 2015 would have had the following effects on 2015 net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs:
impact to 2015 pension and postretirement benefit costs - 50
basis points (unfavorable) favorable decrease                                    increase
(in millions)
description of pension and postretirement plan sensitivity item expected return on pension plan assets                            $(16.5                )                     $16.4
discount rate on pension plans                                    $(16.4                )                     $12.7
discount rate on postretirement plans                             $(0.3                 )                     $0.1
fair value of plan assets we recognize our defined benefit pension plans as assets or liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets based on their underfunded or overfunded status as of our year end and recognize changes in the funded status in the year in which the changes occur within other comprehensive income. our funded status of our defined benefit pension plans is measured as the
63
difference between each plan's projected benefit obligation ("pbo") and its assets' fair values. the fair value of plan assets is determined by us using available market information and appropriate valuation methodologies. however, considerable judgment is required in selecting an appropriate methodology and interpreting market data to develop the estimates of fair value, especially in the absence of quoted market values in an active market. changes in these assumptions or the use of different market inputs may have a material impact on the estimated fair values or the ultimate amount at which the plan assets are available to satisfy our plan obligations.
equity assets are diversified between domestic and other international investments. relative allocations reflect the demographics of the respective plan participants. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 15, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits" of the notes for a comparison of target asset allocation percentages to actual asset allocations at december 31, 2015.
other considerations our net periodic pension and postretirement benefit costs are also influenced by the potential amortization (or non-amortization) from accumulated other comprehensive income of deferred gains and losses, which occur when actual experience differs from estimates. we employ the corridor approach for determining each plan's amortization. this approach defines the "corridor" as the greater of 10% of the pbo or 10% of the market-related value of plan assets (as discussed above) and requires amortization of the excess net gain or loss that exceeds the corridor over the average remaining service periods of active plan participants in canada. as our u.k. plan is closed, the average remaining life expectancy of all plan participants (including retirees) is used. if our actuarial losses significantly exceed this corridor in the future, significant incremental pension and postretirement costs could result. as of year end 2015, the deferred losses of several of our canadian plans, as well as those in our u.k. plan, exceeded the 10% corridor.
the assumed health care cost trend rates represent the rates at which health care costs are assumed to increase and are based on actuarial input and consideration of historical and expected experience. we use these trends as a significant assumption in determining our postretirement benefit obligation and related costs. changes in our projections of future health care costs due to general economic conditions and those specific to health care will impact this trend rate. an increase in the trend rate would increase our obligation and expense of our postretirement health care plan. we believe that our health care cost trend rate assumptions are appropriate; however, significant changes in our assumptions may materially affect our postretirement benefit obligations and related costs. at december 31, 2015, the health care trend rates used were ranging ratably from 7.7% in 2016 to 4.5% in 2028, consistent with rates used at december 31, 2014. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 15, "employee retirement plans and postretirement benefits" of the notes for the impact of a one-percentage point change in assumed health care cost trend rates on total service and interest cost components and postretirement benefit obligation at december 31, 2015.
contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves are recorded, when probable, using our best estimate of loss. this estimate, involving significant judgment, is based on an evaluation of the range of loss related to such matters and where the amount and range can be reasonably estimated. these matters are generally resolved over a number of years and only when one or more future events occur or fail to occur. following our initial determination, we regularly reassess and revise the potential liability related to any pending matters as new information becomes available. unless capitalization is allowed or required by u.s. gaap, environmental and legal costs are expensed when incurred. we disclose pending loss contingencies when the loss is deemed reasonably possible, which requires significant judgment. as a result of the inherent uncertainty of these matters, the ultimate conclusion and actual cost of settlement may materially differ from our estimates. we recognize contingent gains upon the determination that realization is assured beyond a reasonable doubt, regardless of the perceived probability of a favorable outcome prior to achieving that assurance. in the instance of gain contingencies resulting from favorable litigation, due to the numerous uncertainties inherent in a legal proceeding, gain contingencies resulting from legal settlements are not recognized in income until cash or other forms of payment are received. if significant and probable, we disclose as appropriate.
see part i-item 3 legal proceedings and part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 18, "commitments and contingencies" of the notes for a discussion of our contingencies, environmental and litigation reserves as of december 31, 2015.
goodwill and intangible asset valuation goodwill is allocated to the reporting unit in which the business that created the goodwill resides. a reporting unit is an operating segment, or a business unit one level below that operating segment, for which discrete financial information is prepared and regularly reviewed by segment management. the operations in each of the specific regions within our canada, europe and mci segments are components based on the availability of discrete financial information and the regular review by segment management. therefore, the components within each respective segment must be evaluated for aggregation to
64
determine if the components have similar economic characteristics. as a result, in certain cases, we have aggregated business units, within an operating segment, into one reporting unit if the specific aggregation criteria under u.s. gaap is met. specifically, we have concluded that the components within the canada and europe segment each meet the criteria as having similar economic characteristics and therefore have aggregated these components into the canada and europe reporting units, respectively. therefore, the canada and europe reporting units are consistent with our operating segments. however, for our india business, the reporting unit is one level below the mci operating segment. any change to the conclusion of our reporting units or the aggregation of components within our reporting units could result in a different outcome to our annual impairment test. our significant indefinite-lived intangible assets include the molson core brands and the coors light distribution rights in canada, and the carling and staropramen brands in europe.
we evaluate the carrying value of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at least annually or when an interim triggering event occurs that would indicate that impairment may have taken place. consistent with 2014, our annual impairment test was performed as of october 1, the first day of the last fiscal quarter. we evaluate our other definite-lived intangible assets for impairment when evidence exists that certain events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of these assets may not be recoverable. significant judgments and assumptions are required in such impairment evaluations.
our annual evaluation involves comparing each reporting unit's fair value to its respective carrying value, including goodwill. if the fair value exceeds carrying value, then we conclude that no goodwill impairment has occurred. if a reporting unit's carrying value exceeds its fair value, a second step is required to measure possible goodwill impairment loss. this step, if required, would include valuing all tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, excluding goodwill. then, the implied fair value of the reporting unit's goodwill derived from this step would be compared to the carrying value of that goodwill. if the carrying value of the reporting unit's goodwill were to exceed the implied fair value of the goodwill, we would recognize an impairment loss in an amount equal to the excess.
we use a combination of discounted cash flow analyses and market approaches to determine the fair value of each of our reporting units, and an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of our indefinite-lived intangible assets. our discounted cash flow projections include assumptions for growth rates for sales, costs and profits, which are based on various long-range financial and operational plans of each reporting unit or each indefinite-lived intangible asset. additionally, discount rates used in our goodwill analysis are based on weighted-average cost of capital, driven by the prevailing interest rates in geographies where these businesses operate, as well as the credit ratings, financing abilities and opportunities of each reporting unit, among other factors. discount rates for the indefinite-lived intangible analysis by brand largely reflect the rates supporting the overall reporting unit valuation but may differ slightly to adjust for country or market specific risk associated with a particular brand. our market-based valuations utilize earnings multiples of comparable public companies, which are reflective of the market in which each respective reporting unit operates, and recent comparable market transactions.
changes in the factors used in our fair value estimates, including declines in industry or company-specific beer volume sales, margin erosion, termination of brewing and/or distribution agreements with other brewers, and discount rates used, could have a significant impact on the fair values of the reporting units.
reporting units and goodwill our 2015 annual goodwill impairment testing determined that while our canada reporting unit improved from the prior year, our europe reporting unit declined and was determined to be at risk of failing step one of the goodwill impairment test. specifically, the fair value of the europe and canada reporting units were estimated at approximately 9% and 20% in excess of carrying value, respectively, as of the october 1, 2015, testing date. the excess of the fair value over the carrying value of the europe reporting unit declined from the prior year. the decrease was driven by continued challenging macroeconomic conditions in europe negatively impacting our business, as well as declines in the forecasts of certain european brands, which have been adversely impacted by competitive pressures and a continued shift in consumer trends towards value brands. these impacts were partially offset by a lower discount rate. the canada reporting unit had an increase to the fair value in excess of the carrying value from the prior year primarily due to a lower discount rate, an improved forecast primarily driven by cost savings initiatives and improved market multiples. although the fair value in excess of the carrying value has increased for the canada reporting unit from the october 1, 2014, testing date, the fair value is sensitive to potential unfavorable changes in forecasted cash flows, macroeconomic conditions, market multiples or discount rates that could have an adverse impact. the fair value of the india reporting unit was deemed to approximate the carrying value due to purchase price accounting performed as of april 1, 2015, for the mount shivalik acquisition, which comprises the majority of the india reporting unit.
intangible assets prior to the annual impairment testing date of october 1, 2015, and during the third quarter of 2015, we identified impairment indicators as it pertains to certain european indefinite-lived brands driven by key changes to our underlying
65
assumptions supporting the value of the brands. specific changes included under-performance through the 2015 peak season which drove a downward shift in management's forecasts, a challenging macroeconomic environment and competitive conditions not expected to subside in the near-term, as well as higher discount rates associated with these brands. as a result, we recorded an aggregate impairment charge across various european brands, including jelen, of $275.0 million within special items in the third quarter of 2015. compared to previously made assumptions, these lower projected cash flows and higher discount rates resulted in lower brand valuations following impairments of $360.0 million in 2014 and $150.9 million in 2013 related to european indefinite-lived brands as a result of our 2014 and 2013 annual impairment testing, respectively. the remaining europe indefinite-lived intangibles' fair values, including staropramen and carling brands, while they faced similar macroeconomic challenges, were sufficiently in excess of their respective carrying values as of the testing date.
in conjunction with the interim brand impairment review performed during the third quarter, we also reassessed each brand's indefinite-life classification and determined that those brands which had been impaired had characteristics that indicated a definite-life assignment was more appropriate including continued pressure on these brands given the geographical markets and price segments in which they participate. specifically, significant competition from the value segment, which has challenged the segment in which these brands operate with continued stress on these brands driven by on-going macroeconomic conditions. these brands were therefore reclassified as definite-lived intangible assets as of september 30, 2015, and will be amortized over their useful lives ranging from 30 to 50 years. no additional triggering events were identified in 2015 associated with the brands reclassified to definite-lived intangible assets.
separately, our molson core brand intangible continues to be at risk of future impairment with a fair value estimated at approximately 3% in excess of its carrying value as of the impairment testing date. the fair value of the molson core brands in excess of carrying value decreased marginally from the prior year, as they continue to face significant competitive pressures and challenging macroeconomic conditions in the canada market. these challenges continue to be offset by anticipated cost savings initiatives. as of december 31, 2015, the molson core brand intangible had a carrying value of approximately $2.2 billion. the fair value of the coors light brand distribution rights and our other indefinite-lived intangibles in canada continue to be sufficiently in excess of their carrying values.
we utilized level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of our indefinite-lived intangible assets, which utilizes an excess earnings approach to determine the fair values of the assets as of the testing date. the future cash flows used in the analysis are based on internal cash flow projections based on our long range plans and include significant assumptions by management as noted below.
key assumptions the europe reporting unit goodwill and the molson core brand intangible asset are at risk of future impairment in the event of significant unfavorable changes in the forecasted cash flows (including prolonged, or further weakening of, adverse economic conditions or significant unfavorable changes in tax, environmental or other regulations, including interpretations thereof), terminal growth rates, market transaction multiples and/or weighted-average cost of capital utilized in the discounted cash flow analyses. for testing purposes, management's best estimates of the expected future results are the primary driver in determining the fair value. current projections used for our europe reporting unit testing reflect continued challenging environments in the future followed by growth resulting from a longer term recovery of the macroeconomic environment, as well as the benefit of anticipated cost savings and specific brand-building and innovation activities. our molson core brand projections also reflect a continued challenging environment that has been adversely impacted by a weak economy across all industries, as well as weakened consumer demand driven by increased competitive pressures, partially offset by anticipated cost savings and specific brand-building and innovation activities. fair value determinations require considerable judgment and are sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions and factors. as a result, there can be no assurance that the estimates and assumptions made for purposes of the annual goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible impairment tests will prove to be an accurate prediction of the future. examples of events or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to negatively affect the underlying key assumptions and ultimately impact the estimated fair value of our reporting units and indefinite-lived intangibles may include such items as: (i) a decrease in expected future cash flows, specifically, a decrease in sales volume and increase in costs that could significantly impact our immediate and long-range results, a decrease in sales volume driven by a prolonged weakness in consumer demand or other competitive pressures adversely affecting our long term volume trends, a continuation of the trend away from core brands in certain of our markets, especially in markets where our core brands represent a significant portion of the market, unfavorable working capital changes and an inability to successfully achieve our cost savings targets, (ii) adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions or an economic recovery that significantly differs from our assumptions in timing and/or degree (such as a recession or worsening of the overall european economy), (iii) volatility in the equity and debt markets or other country specific factors which could result in a higher weighted-average cost of capital, (iv) sensitivity to market multiples; and (v) regulation limiting or banning the manufacturing, distribution or sale of alcoholic beverages.
66
our analysis of the canada reporting unit and related indefinite-lived intangible brand assets included consideration of the new framework with the province of ontario, which became effective as of january 1, 2016, and includes the forecasted implications to mcbc of an additional cad 100.0 million annual tax on all beer volume sold in ontario (which will be phased in over four years beginning january 1, 2016), restrictions on price increases for certain packaging types of the largest ontario brands until the second quarter of 2017, bri committing to invest cad 100.0 million of capital spending through 2018, increasing the number and types of outlets where beer is sold, increasing the required level of shelf space allocated to small brewers in retail outlets, as well as allowing for incremental packaging options at the liquor control board of ontario ("lcbo") and agents of the lcbo.
based on known facts and circumstances, we evaluate and consider other recent events and uncertain items, as well as related potential implications, as part of our annual assessment and incorporate into the analyses as appropriate. these facts and circumstances are subject to change and may impact future analyses.
in 2015, the discount rates used in developing our fair value estimates for each of our reporting units were 8.0% and 9.0% and for our canada and europe reporting units, respectively. these compared to discount rates used in our 2014 testing of 8.5% and 9.5% for our canada and europe reporting units, respectively. in 2015, discount rates used for testing of indefinite-lived intangibles ranged from 8.0% to 14.5% considering the country specific risk premium for each geography in which our brands are based. the decrease in the discount rates is primarily due to a reduction in the unsystematic risk premium as we refined inputs compared to those used in our historical discounted cash flow analyses as well as reduction in risk free rates between testing dates. consistent with the prior year testing, we assessed qualitative factors to determine whether it was more likely than not that the fair value of our water rights, an indefinite-lived intangible, was greater than its carrying amount and determined that a full quantitative analysis was not necessary.
while historical performance and current expectations have resulted in fair values of our reporting units in excess of carrying values, if our assumptions are not realized, it is possible that an impairment charge may need to be recorded in the future. for example, a 50 basis point increase in our discount rate assumptions, which is within a reasonable range of historical discount rate fluctuations between test dates, would have had the following effects on the fair value cushion in excess of carrying value for the europe and canada reporting units and molson core brands as of the october 1, 2015, test date:
impact to the fair value cushion as of october 1, 2015
- 50 basis points increase cushion (pre-sensitivity)                        cushion (post-sensitivity)
% of fair value in excess of carrying value reporting units:
europe                          9%                                               1%
canada                          20%                                              11%
indefinite-lived intangibles:
molson core brands              3%                                               -5%
post sensitivity, the fair values of the europe and canada reporting units remain in excess of the their carrying values. the negative cushion associated with the molson core brands would imply impairment if the discount rate assumptions used in the october 1, 2015, test increased by 50 basis points. the discount rate sensitivity holds all other assumptions and inputs constant.
regarding definite-lived intangibles, we continuously monitor the performance of the underlying asset for potential triggering events suggesting an impairment review should be performed. no such triggering events were identified in 2015. in addition, no such triggering events were identified in 2014 or 2013, with the exception of the license agreement settlement and preceding litigation with miller in canada, which resulted in $8.9 million and $17.9 million of impairment charges of our definite-lived intangible asset in 2014 and 2013, respectively. we utilized level 3 fair value measurements in our impairment analysis of this definite-lived intangible asset, which included cash flow assumptions by management related to the transition period. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "goodwill and intangible assets" of the notes for further discussion.
as of december 31, 2015, the carrying values of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets were $2.0 billion and $4.7 billion, respectively. if actual performance results differ significantly from our projections or we experience significant fluctuations in our other assumptions, a material impairment charge may occur in the future. see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 11, "goodwill and intangible assets" of the notes for further discussion and presentation of these amounts.
67
income taxes income taxes are accounted for in accordance with u.s. gaap. judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. in the ordinary course of our global business, there are many transactions for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. additionally, our income tax provision is based on calculations and assumptions that are subject to examination by many different tax authorities. we adjust our income tax provision in the period it is probable that actual results will differ from our estimates. tax law and rate changes are reflected in the income tax provision in the period in which such changes are enacted.
we are periodically subject to tax return audits by both foreign and domestic tax authorities, which can involve questions regarding our tax positions. settlement of any challenge resulting from these audits can result in no change, a complete disallowance, or some partial adjustment reached through negotiations or litigation. we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained based on its technical merits. we measure and record the tax benefits from such a position based on the largest benefit that has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. our estimated liabilities related to these matters are adjusted in the period in which the uncertain tax position is effectively settled, the statute of limitations for examination expires or when additional information becomes available. our liability for unrecognized tax benefits requires the use of assumptions and significant judgment to estimate the exposures associated with our various filing positions. although we believe that the judgments and estimates made are reasonable, actual results could differ and resulting adjustments could materially affect our effective income tax rate and income tax provision.
we annually receive cash from our foreign subsidiaries' current year earnings. separately, we treat all accumulated foreign subsidiary earnings through december 31, 2015, as indefinitely reinvested under the accounting guidance and accordingly have not provided for any u.s. or foreign tax thereon. in order to arrive at this conclusion, we considered factors including, but not limited to, past experience, domestic cash requirements and distributions from millercoors, as well as cash requirements to satisfy the ongoing operations, capital expenditures and other financial obligations of our foreign subsidiaries. as of december 31, 2015, approximately $20 million of undistributed earnings and profits attributable to foreign subsidiaries was considered to be indefinitely invested. our intention is to permanently reinvest the earnings outside of the u.s. it is not practicable to determine the amount of incremental taxes that might arise were these earnings to be remitted. the amount of tax payable could be impacted by the jurisdiction in which a distribution was made, the amount of the distribution, foreign withholding taxes under applicable tax laws when distributed, relevant tax treaties and foreign tax credits. while it is not practical to determine the amount of tax, we believe that u.s. foreign tax credits and tax planning strategies would allow us to make remittances in a tax efficient manner.
we record a valuation allowance to reduce our deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized. we evaluate our ability to realize the tax benefits associated with deferred tax assets by assessing the adequacy of future expected taxable income, including the reversal of existing temporary differences, historical and projected operating results, and the availability of prudent and feasible tax planning strategies. the realization of tax benefits is evaluated by jurisdiction and the realizability of these assets can vary based on the character of the tax attribute and the carryforward periods specific to each jurisdiction. in the event we were to determine that we would be able to realize our deferred tax assets in the future in excess of its net recorded amount, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would decrease income tax expense in the period a determination was made. likewise, should we determine that we would not be able to realize all or part of our net deferred tax asset in the future, an adjustment to the deferred tax asset would be recorded to income tax expense in the period such determination was made.
new accounting pronouncements not yet adopted revenue recognition in may 2014, the fasb issued authoritative guidance related to new accounting requirements for the recognition of revenue from contracts with customers. the core principle of the guidance is that an entity should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled to in exchange for the goods or services. in august 2015, the fasb affirmed its proposal to defer the effective date of the new revenue recognition standard for all entities by one year. as a result, the requirements of the new standard are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017, and interim periods within those annual periods. in conjunction with the deferral, the fasb will permit all entities to apply the new revenue recognition standard early, but not before the original effective date. the use of either a full retrospective or cumulative effect transition method is permitted. we have not yet selected a transition method and are currently evaluating the potential impact on our financial position and results of operations upon adoption of this guidance.
68
see part ii-item 8 financial statements and supplementary data, note 2, "new accounting pronouncements" of the notes for a description of new accounting pronouncements.
