item 1a.    risk factors set forth below are important risks and uncertainties that could negatively affect our business and financial condition and could cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements contained in this report.
5
our business is sensitive to the number of flight hours that our customers' planes spend aloft, the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and our customers' profitability. these items are, in turn, affected by general economic and geopolitical and other worldwide conditions.
our business is directly affected by, among other factors, changes in revenue passenger miles (rpms), the size and age of the worldwide aircraft fleet and, to a lesser extent, changes in the profitability of the commercial airline industry. rpms and airline profitability have historically been correlated with the general economic environment, although national and international events also play a key role. for example, in the recent past, the airline industry has been severely affected by the downturn in the global economy, higher fuel prices, the increased security concerns among airline customers following the events of september 11, 2001, the severe acute respiratory syndrome, or sars, epidemic and the conflicts in afghanistan and iraq, and could be impacted by future geopolitical or other worldwide conditions, such as war, terrorist acts, or a worldwide infectious disease outbreak. in addition, global market and economic conditions have been challenging with continued turbulence in the u.s. and international markets and economies and have prolonged declines in business and consumer spending. as a result of the substantial reduction in airline traffic resulting from these events, the airline industry incurred large losses and financial difficulties. some carriers have also parked or retired a portion of their fleets and have reduced workforces and flights. during periods of reduced airline profitability, some airlines may delay purchases of spare parts, preferring instead to deplete existing inventories. if demand for new aircraft and spare parts decreases, there would be a decrease in demand for certain of our products.
our sales to manufacturers of aircraft are cyclical, and a downturn in sales to these manufacturers may adversely affect us.
our sales to manufacturers of large commercial aircraft, such as the boeing company, airbus s.a.s, and related oem suppliers, as well as manufacturers of business jets (which accounted for approximately 24% of our net sales in fiscal year 2015) have historically experienced periodic downturns. in the past, these sales have been affected by airline profitability, which is impacted by, among other things, fuel and labor costs, price competition, downturns in the global economy and national and international events, such as the events of september 11, 2001. in addition, sales of our products to manufacturers of business jets are impacted by, among other things, downturns in the global economy. downturns adversely affect our net sales, gross margin and net income.
we rely heavily on certain customers for much of our sales.
our two largest customers for fiscal year 2015 were the boeing company (which includes aviall, inc., a distributor of commercial aftermarket parts to airlines throughout the world) and airbus s.a.s. the boeing company accounted for approximately 12% of our net sales and airbus s.a.s. accounted for approximately 11% of our net sales in fiscal year 2015. our top ten customers for fiscal year 2015 accounted for approximately 46% of our net sales. a material reduction in purchasing by one of our larger customers for any reason, including but not limited to economic downturn, decreased production, strike or resourcing, could have a material adverse effect on our net sales, gross margin and net income.
we generally do not have guaranteed future sales of our products. further, when we enter into fixed price contracts with some of our customers, we take the risk for cost overruns.
as is customary in our business, we do not generally have long-term contracts with most of our aftermarket customers and, therefore, do not have guaranteed future sales. although we have long-term contracts with many of our oem customers, many of those customers may terminate the contracts on short notice and, in most cases, our customers have not committed to buy any minimum quantity of our products. in addition, in certain cases, we must anticipate the future volume of orders based upon the historic purchasing patterns of customers and upon our discussions with customers as to their anticipated future requirements, and this anticipated future volume of orders may not materialize.
we also have entered into multi-year, fixed-price contracts with some of our customers, pursuant to which we have agreed to perform the work for a fixed price and, accordingly, realize all the benefit or detriment resulting from any decreases or increases in the costs of making these products. sometimes we accept a fixed-price contract for a product that we have not yet produced, and this increases the risk of cost overruns or delays in the completion of the design and manufacturing of the product. most of our contracts do not permit us to recover increases in raw material prices, taxes or labor costs.
u.s. military spending is dependent upon the u.s. defense budget.
the military and defense market is significantly dependent upon government budget trends, particularly the u.s. department of defense (the "dod") budget. in addition to normal business risks, our supply of products to the united states government is subject to unique risks largely beyond our control. dod budgets could be negatively impacted by several factors, including, but not limited to, a change in defense spending policy by the current presidential administration, the u.s. government's budget deficits, spending priorities, the cost of sustaining the u.s. military presence in the middle east and possible political pressure to reduce u.s. government military spending, each of which could cause the dod budget to remain
6
unchanged or to decline. a significant decline in u.s. military expenditures could result in a reduction in the amount of our products sold to the various agencies and buying organizations of the u.s. government.
we intend to pursue acquisitions. our business may be adversely affected if we cannot consummate acquisitions on satisfactory terms, or if we cannot effectively integrate acquired operations.
a significant portion of our growth has occurred through acquisitions. any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. we intend to pursue acquisitions that we believe will present opportunities consistent with our overall business strategy. however, we may not be able to find suitable acquisition candidates to purchase or may be unable to acquire desired businesses or assets on economically acceptable terms. in addition, we may not be able to raise the capital necessary to fund future acquisitions. because we may actively pursue a number of opportunities simultaneously, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, complications and delays, including regulatory complications or difficulties in employing sufficient staff and maintaining operational and management oversight.
we regularly engage in discussions with respect to potential acquisition and investment opportunities. if we consummate an acquisition, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. future acquisitions could result in margin dilution and further likely result in the incurrence of additional debt and contingent liabilities and an increase in interest and amortization expenses or periodic impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible assets as well as significant charges relating to integration costs.
acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations and that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. in addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate any business we acquire into our existing business. the successful integration of new businesses depends on our ability to manage these new businesses and cut excess costs. the successful integration of future acquisitions may also require substantial attention from our senior management and the management of the acquired business, which could decrease the time that they have to service, attract customers and develop new products and services or attend to other acquisition opportunities.
we are subject to certain unique business risks as a result of supplying equipment and services to the u.s. government.
companies engaged in supplying defense-related equipment and services to u.s. government agencies are subject to business risks specific to the defense industry. these risks include the ability of the u.s. government to unilaterally:
•   suspend us from receiving new contracts pending resolution of alleged violations of procurement laws or regulations;
•   terminate existing contracts;
•   reduce the value of existing contracts; and
•   audit our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs.
most of our u.s. government contracts can be terminated by the u.s. government for its convenience without significant notice. termination for convenience provisions provide only for our recovery of costs incurred or committed, settlement expenses and profit on the work completed prior to termination.
on contracts for which the price is based on cost, the u.s. government may review our costs and performance, as well as our accounting and general business practices. based on the results of such audits, the u.s. government may adjust our contract-related costs and fees, including allocated indirect costs. in addition, under u.s. government purchasing regulations, some of our costs, including most financing costs, amortization of intangible assets, portions of research and development costs, and certain marketing expenses may not be subject to reimbursement.
furthermore, even where the price is not based on cost, the u.s. government may seek to review our costs to determine whether our pricing is "fair and reasonable." our subsidiaries are periodically subject to a pricing review. such a review could be costly and time consuming for our management and could distract from our ability to effectively manage the business. as a result of such a review, we could be subject to providing a refund to the u.s. government or we could be asked to enter into an arrangement whereby our prices would be based on cost or the dod could seek to pursue alternative sources of supply for our parts. any of those occurrences could lead to a reduction in our revenue from, or the profitability of certain of our supply arrangements with, certain agencies and buying organizations of the u.s. government.
moreover, u.s. government purchasing regulations contain a number of additional operation requirements, which do not apply to entities not engaged in government contracting. failure to comply with such government contracting requirements could result in civil and criminal penalties that could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations.
7
our business may be adversely affected if we would lose our government or industry approvals or if more stringent government regulations are enacted or if industry oversight is increased.
the aerospace industry is highly regulated in the united states and in other countries. in order to sell our components, we and the components we manufacture must be certified by the faa, the dod and similar agencies in foreign countries and by individual manufacturers. if new and more stringent government regulations are adopted or if industry oversight increases, we might incur significant expenses to comply with any new regulations or heightened industry oversight. in addition, if material authorizations or approvals were revoked or suspended, our business would be adversely affected.
in addition to the aviation approvals, we are at times required to obtain approval from u.s. government agencies to export our products. failure to obtain approval to export or determination by the u.s. government that we failed to receive required approvals or licenses could eliminate or restrict our ability to sell our products outside the united states, and the penalties that could be imposed by the u.s. government for failure to comply with these laws could be significant.
our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial health and could harm our ability to react to changes to our business and prevent us from fulfilling our obligations under our indebtedness.
we have a significant amount of indebtedness. as of september 30, 2015, our total indebtedness was approximately $8,427.3 million, which was approximately 114.1% of our total book capitalization because of our prior year dividends being funded with indebtedness and the addition of approximately $954 million in total debt in fiscal 2015.
in addition, we may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. for example, as of september 30, 2015, we had approximately $534 million of unused commitments under our revolving loan facility and $50 million of unused capacity under our trade receivable securitization facility (the "securitization facility") (with the availability of the capacity under the securitization facility being dependent on the amount of our trade receivables outstanding). although our senior secured credit facility and the indentures (the "indentures") governing the 5.50% senior subordinated notes issued in october 2012 (the "2020 notes"), the 7.50% senior subordinated notes issued in july 2013 (the "2021 notes"), the 6.00% senior subordinated notes issued in june 2014 (the "2022 notes), the 6.50% senior subordinated notes issued june 2014 (the "2024 notes") and the 6.50% senior subordinated notes issued may 2015 ((the "2025 notes") and together with the 2020 notes, the 2021 notes, the 2022 notes, the 2024 notes, the "notes") contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and the indebtedness incurred in compliance with these qualifications and exceptions could be substantial. if we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our substantial leverage would increase.
our substantial debt could also have other important consequences to investors. for example, it could:
•   increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions;
•   increase the risk we are subjected to downgrade or put on a negative watch by the ratings agencies;
•   require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, research and development efforts and other general corporate purposes;
•   limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry in which we operate;
•   place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt; and
•   limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the documents governing our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds, make investments and incur liens.
in addition, all of our debt under the senior secured credit facility, which includes $4,377 million in term loans and a revolving loan facility of $550 million, bears interest at floating rates. accordingly, if interest rates increase, our debt service expense will also increase. in order to reduce the floating interest rate risk, as of september 30, 2015, six interest rate cap agreements beginning on september 30, 2015 were in place to offset the variable interest rates based on an aggregate notional amount of $750 million of debt under the senior secured credit facility. also, three forward starting interest rate swap agreements were in place that fix the interest on an aggregate notional amount of $1,000 million of debt under the senior secured credit facility. in addition, we entered into five forward starting interest rate swap agreements that fix the interest beginning march 31, 2016 on an aggregate notional amount of $750 million of debt under the senior secured credit facility.
our substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness, including the notes. we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness. if we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital.
8
to service our indebtedness, we will require a significant amount of cash. our ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond our control and any failure to meet our debt service obligations could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations.
our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, including the notes, amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts due under our securitization facility, and to fund our operations, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future, which, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control.
we cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that currently anticipated cost savings and operating improvements will be realized on schedule, or at all, or that future borrowings will be available to us under the senior secured credit facility or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness, including the amounts borrowed under the senior secured credit facility, amounts borrowed under our securitization facility and the notes, or to fund our other liquidity needs. if we cannot service our debt, we will have to take actions such as reducing or delaying capital investments, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing our debt or seeking additional equity capital. we cannot assure you that any of these remedies could, if necessary, be effected on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. the terms of existing or future debt instruments, the securitization facility, the indentures and the senior secured credit facility may restrict us from adopting any of these alternatives. in addition, any failure to make payments of interest and principal on our outstanding indebtedness on a timely basis would likely result in a reduction of our credit rating, which could harm our ability to incur additional indebtedness on acceptable terms and would otherwise adversely affect the notes.
the terms of the senior secured credit facility and indentures may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to respond to changes or to take certain actions.
our senior secured credit facility and the indentures contain a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on td group, transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the indentures) and may limit their ability to engage in acts that may be in our long-term best interests. the senior secured credit facility and indentures include covenants restricting, among other things, the ability of td group, transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the senior secured credit facility) and transdigm inc. and its subsidiaries (in the case of the indentures) to:
•   incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock;
•   pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase our capital stock or redeem or repurchase our subordinated debt;
•   make investments;
•   sell assets;
•   enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from our restricted subsidiaries to us;
•   incur or allow to exist liens;
•   consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of our assets;
•   engage in transactions with affiliates;
•   create unrestricted subsidiaries; and
•   engage in certain business activities.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in a default under the senior secured credit facility or the indentures. if any such default occurs, the lenders under the senior secured credit facility and the holders of the notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under the senior secured credit facility also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. in addition, following an event of default under the senior secured credit facility, the lenders under that facility will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the notes. if the debt under the senior secured credit facility or the notes were to be accelerated, we cannot assure you that our assets would be sufficient to repay in full our debt.
9
we could incur substantial costs as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations.
our operations and facilities are subject to a number of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations that govern, among other things, discharges of pollutants into the air and water, the generation, handling, storage and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes, the remediation of contamination and the health and safety of our employees. environmental laws and regulations may require that the company investigate and remediate the effects of the release or disposal of materials at sites associated with past and present operations. certain facilities and third-party sites utilized by subsidiaries of the company have been identified as potentially responsible parties under the federal superfund laws and comparable state laws. the company is currently involved in the investigation and remediation of a number of sites under applicable laws.
estimates of the company's environmental liabilities are based on current facts, laws, regulations and technology. these estimates take into consideration the company's prior experience and professional judgment of the company's environmental advisors. estimates of the company's environmental liabilities are further subject to uncertainties regarding the nature and extent of site contamination, the range of remediation alternatives available, evolving remediation standards, imprecise engineering evaluations and cost estimates, the extent of corrective actions that may be required and the number and financial condition of other potentially responsible parties, as well as the extent of their responsibility for the remediation.
accordingly, as investigation and remediation proceed, it is likely that adjustments in the company's accruals will be necessary to reflect new information. the amounts of any such adjustments could have a material adverse effect on the company's results of operations or cash flows in a given period. based on currently available information, however, the company does not believe that future environmental costs in excess of those accrued with respect to sites for which the company has been identified as a potentially responsible party are likely to have a material adverse effect on the company's financial condition.
environmental liabilities are recorded when the liability is probable and the costs are reasonably estimable, which generally is not later than at completion of a feasibility study or when the company has recommended a remedy or has committed to an appropriate plan of action. the liabilities are reviewed periodically and, as investigation and remediation proceed, adjustments are made as necessary. liabilities for losses from environmental remediation obligations do not consider the effects of inflation and anticipated expenditures are not discounted to their present value. the liabilities are not reduced by possible recoveries from insurance carriers or other third parties, but do reflect anticipated allocations among potentially responsible parties at federal superfund sites or similar state-managed sites, third party indemnity obligations, and an assessment of the likelihood that such parties will fulfill their obligations at such sites.
we are dependent on our highly trained employees and any work stoppage or difficulty hiring similar employees could adversely affect our business.
because our products are complicated and highly engineered, we depend on an educated and trained workforce. there is substantial competition for skilled personnel in the aircraft component industry, and we could be adversely affected by a shortage of skilled employees. we may not be able to fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover or attract and retain qualified personnel.
as of september 30, 2015, we had approximately 8,200 full-time, part-time and temporary employees. approximately 8% of our full-time and part-time employees were represented by labor unions. collective bargaining agreements between us and these labor unions expire at various dates ranging from april 2016 to may 2018. we consider our relationship with our employees generally to be satisfactory. although we believe that our relations with our employees are satisfactory, we cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate a satisfactory renewal of these collective bargaining agreements or that our employee relations will remain stable. because we maintain a relatively small inventory of finished goods, any work stoppage could materially and adversely affect our ability to provide products to our customers.
our business is dependent on the availability of certain components and raw materials from suppliers.
our business is affected by the price and availability of the raw materials and component parts that we use to manufacture our components. our business, therefore, could be adversely impacted by factors affecting our suppliers (such as the destruction of our suppliers' facilities or their distribution infrastructure, a work stoppage or strike by our suppliers' employees or the failure of our suppliers to provide materials of the requisite quality), or by increased costs of such raw materials or components if we were unable to pass along such price increases to our customers. because we maintain a relatively small inventory of raw materials and component parts, our business could be adversely affected if we were unable to obtain these raw materials and components from our suppliers in the quantities we require or on favorable terms. although we believe in most cases that we could identify alternative suppliers, or alternative raw materials or component parts, the lengthy and expensive faa and oem certification processes associated with aerospace products could prevent efficient replacement of a supplier, raw material or component part.
10
our facilities are located near known earthquake fault zones and hurricane paths, and the occurrence of a natural disaster could cause damage to our facilities and equipment, which could require us to curtail or cease operations.
a number of our manufacturing facilities are located in the greater los angeles area, an area known for earthquakes, and are thus vulnerable to damage. in addition, a number of our manufacturing facilities are located along the eastern seaboard area susceptible to hurricanes. we are also vulnerable to damage from other types of disasters, including power loss, fire, explosions, floods, communications failures, terrorist attacks and similar events. disruptions could also occur due to cyber-attacks, computer or equipment malfunction (accidental or intentional), operator error or process failures. any disruption of our ability to operate our business could result in a material decrease in our revenues or significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.
operations and sales outside of the united states may be subject to additional risks.
a number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including currency fluctuations, difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations, general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate, limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, restrictions on the repatriation of funds, change in trade policies, tariff regulation, difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses and the risk of government financed competition. furthermore, the company is subject to laws and regulations, such as the foreign corrupt practices act or similar local anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their employees, agents and contractors from making improper payments to governmental officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. failure to comply with these laws could subject the company to civil and criminal penalties that could materially adversely affect the company's results of operations.
we face significant competition.
we operate in a highly competitive global industry and compete against a number of companies. competitors in our product lines are both u.s. and foreign companies and range in size from divisions of large public corporations to small privately held entities. we believe that our ability to compete depends on high product performance, consistent high quality, short lead-time and timely delivery, competitive pricing, superior customer service and support and continued certification under customer quality requirements and assurance programs. we may have to adjust the prices of some of our products to stay competitive.
we could be adversely affected if one of our components causes an aircraft to crash.
our operations expose us to potential liabilities for personal injury or death as a result of the failure of an aircraft component that we have designed, manufactured or serviced. while we maintain liability insurance to protect us from future product liability claims, in the event of product liability claims our insurers may attempt to deny coverage or any coverage we have may not be adequate. we also may not be able to maintain insurance coverage in the future at an acceptable cost. any liability not covered by insurance or for which third party indemnification is not available could result in significant liability to us.
in addition, a crash caused by one of our components could damage our reputation for quality products. we believe our customers consider safety and reliability as key criteria in selecting a provider of aircraft components. if a crash were to be caused by one of our components, or if we were to otherwise fail to maintain a satisfactory record of safety and reliability, our ability to retain and attract customers may be materially adversely affected.
we could incur substantial costs as a result of data protection concerns.
the interpretation and application of data protection laws in the u.s., europe and elsewhere are uncertain and evolving. it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. compliance could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business.
in addition, despite our efforts to protect confidential information, our facilities and systems may be vulnerable to data loss, including cyber-attacks. this could lead to negative publicity, legal claims, theft, modification or destruction of proprietary or key information, damage to or inaccessibility of critical systems, manufacture of defective products, production downtimes, operational disruptions and other significant costs, which could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and results of operations.
we have recorded a significant amount of intangible assets, which may never generate the returns we expect.
mergers and acquisitions have resulted in significant increases in identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. identifiable intangible assets, which primarily include trademarks, trade names, trade secrets, and technology, were approximately $1,539.9 million at september 30, 2015, representing approximately 18.3% of our total assets. goodwill recognized in accounting for the mergers and acquisitions was approximately $4,686.2 million at september 30, 2015, representing approximately 55.6% of our total assets. we may never realize the full value of our identifiable intangible assets and goodwill, and to the extent we were to
11
determine that our identifiable intangible assets or our goodwill were impaired within the meaning of applicable accounting standards, we would be required to write-off the amount of any impairment.
our stock price may be volatile, and your investment in our common stock could suffer a decline in value.
there has been significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of equity securities, which is unrelated to the financial performance of the companies issuing the securities. these broad market fluctuations may negatively affect the market price of our common stock. you may not be able to sell your shares at or above the purchase price due to fluctuations in the market price of our common stock caused by changes in our operating performance or prospects, including possible changes due to the cyclical nature of the aerospace industry and other factors such as fluctuations in oem and aftermarket ordering, which could cause short-term swings in profit margins, or unrelated to our operating performance, including market conditions affecting the stock market generally or the stocks of aerospace companies more specifically.
future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower our share price.
we may sell additional shares of common stock into the public markets or issue convertible debt securities to raise capital in the future. the market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the public markets or the perception that these sales could occur. these sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities to raise capital at a time and price that we deem appropriate.
our corporate documents and delaware law contain certain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company.
provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition involving us that our stockholders may consider favorable. for example, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue up to 149,600,000 shares of "blank check" preferred stock. without stockholder approval, the board of directors has the authority to attach special rights, including voting and dividend rights, to this preferred stock. with these rights, holders of preferred stock could make it more difficult for a third party to acquire us. our amended and restated certificate of incorporation also provides that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75% of the voting power of our issued and outstanding capital stock, voting together as a single class, is required for the alteration, amendment or repeal of certain provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and certain provisions of our amended and restated bylaws, including the provisions relating to our stockholders' ability to call special meetings, notice provisions for stockholder business to be conducted at an annual meeting, requests for stockholder lists and corporate records, nomination and removal of directors, and filling of vacancies on our board of directors.
we are also subject to the anti-takeover provisions of section 203 of the delaware general corporation law. under these provisions, if anyone becomes an "interested stockholder," we may not enter into a "business combination" with that person for three years without special approval, which could discourage a third party from making a takeover offer and could delay or prevent a change of control. for purposes of section 203, "interested stockholder" means, generally, someone owning 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock or an affiliate of ours that owned 15% or more of our outstanding voting stock during the past three years, subject to certain exceptions as described in section 203.
we do not pay regular quarterly or annual cash dividends on our stock.
on october 15, 2012, july 3, 2013 and june 4, 2014 the company's board of directors authorized and declared special cash dividends of $12.85, $22.00 and $25.00, respectively, on each outstanding share of common stock and cash dividend equivalent payments to holders of options under its stock option plans.
notwithstanding the special cash dividends paid in october 2012, july 2013 and june 2014, we do not anticipate declaring or paying regular quarterly or annual cash dividends on our common stock or any other equity security in the foreseeable future. the amounts that may be available to us to pay future special cash dividends are restricted under our debt and other agreements. any payment of special cash dividends on our common stock in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our results of operations, earnings, capital requirements, financial condition, future prospects, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. therefore, you should not rely on regular quarterly or annual dividend income from shares of our common stock and you should not rely on special dividends with any regularity or at all.
12
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with "selected financial data" and td group's consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this report. the following discussion may contain predictions, estimates and other forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties, including those discussed under the heading entitled "risk factors" included elsewhere in this report. these risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future performance suggested below.
overview we believe we are a leading global designer, producer and supplier of highly engineered aircraft components for use on nearly all commercial and military aircraft in service today. our business is well diversified due to the broad range of products we offer to our customers. some of our more significant product offerings, substantially all of which are ultimately provided to end-users in the aerospace industry, include mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized ac/dc electric motors and generators, nicad batteries and chargers, engineered latching and locking devices, rods and locking devices, engineered connectors and elastomers, cockpit security components and systems, specialized cockpit displays, aircraft audio systems, specialized lavatory components, seat belts and safety restraints, engineered interior surfaces and related components, lighting and control technology, military personnel parachutes and cargo loading, handling and delivery systems. each of these product offerings is composed of many individual products that are typically customized to meet the needs of a particular aircraft platform or customer.
long-term sustainable growth for fiscal year 2015, we generated net sales of $2,707.1 million, gross profit of $1,449.8 million or 53.6% of sales, and net income of $447.2 million. we believe we have achieved steady, long-term growth in sales and improvements in operating performance since our formation in 1993 due to our competitive strengths and through execution of our value-driven operating strategy. more specifically, focusing our businesses on our value-driven operating strategy of obtaining profitable new business, carefully controlling the cost structure and pricing our highly engineered value-added products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so has historically resulted in improvements in gross profit and income from operations over the long term.
our selective acquisition strategy has also contributed to the growth of our business. the integration of certain acquisitions into our existing businesses combined with implementing our proven operating strategy has historically resulted in improvements of the financial performance of the acquired business.
our key competitive strengths and the elements of our business strategy are set forth in more detail below.
we believe our key competitive strengths include:
large and growing installed product base with aftermarket revenue stream. we provide components to a large and growing installed base of aircraft to which we supply aftermarket products. we estimate that our products are installed on approximately 95,000 commercial transport, regional transport, military and general aviation fixed wing turbine aircraft and rotary wing aircraft.
diversified revenue base. we believe that our diversified revenue base reduces our dependence on any particular product, platform or market channel and has been a significant factor in maintaining our financial performance. our products are installed on almost all of the major commercial aircraft platforms now in production. we expect to continue to develop new products for military and commercial applications.
significant barriers to entry. we believe that the niche nature of our markets, the industry's stringent regulatory and certification requirements, the large number of products that we sell and the investments necessary to develop and certify products create barriers to entry for potential competitors.
our business strategy is made up of two key elements: (1) a value-driven operating strategy focused around our three core value drivers and (2) a selective acquisition strategy.
value-driven operating strategy. our three core value drivers are:
•   obtaining profitable new business. we attempt to obtain profitable new business by using our technical expertise and application skill and our detailed knowledge of our customer base and the individual niche markets in which we operate. we have regularly been successful in identifying and developing both aftermarket and oem products to drive our growth.
25
•   improving our cost structure. we are committed to maintaining and continuously improving our lean cost structure through detailed attention to the cost of each of the products that we offer and our organizational structure, with a focus on reducing the cost of each.
•   providing highly engineered value-added products to customers. we focus on the engineering, manufacturing and marketing of a broad range of highly engineered niche products that we believe provide value to our customers. we believe we have been consistently successful in communicating to our customers the value of our products. this has generally enabled us to price our products to fairly reflect the value we provide and the resources required to do so.
selective acquisition strategy. we selectively pursue the acquisition of proprietary aerospace component businesses when we see an opportunity to create value through the application of our three core value-driven operating strategies. the aerospace industry, in particular, remains highly fragmented, with many of the companies in the industry being small private businesses or small non-core operations of larger businesses. we have significant experience among our management team in executing acquisitions and integrating acquired businesses into our company and culture. as of the date of this report, we have successfully acquired 55 businesses and/or product lines since our formation in 1993. many of these acquisitions have been integrated into an existing transdigm production facility, which enables a higher production capacity utilization, which in turn improves gross profit levels due to the ability to spread the fixed manufacturing overhead costs over higher production volume.
acquisitions and divestitures during the previous three fiscal years are more fully described in note 2, "acquisitions" in the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein.
ebitda and ebitda as defined the following table sets forth a reconciliation of net income to ebitda and ebitda as defined:
fiscal years endedseptember 30,
2015                                                                  2014
(in thousands)
net income                                          $447,212                      $306,910
adjustments:
depreciation and amortization expense                 93,663                        96,385
interest expense, net                                418,785                       347,688
income tax provision                                 189,612                       141,600
ebitda                                             1,149,272                       892,583
adjustments:
inventory purchase accounting adjustments(2)          11,362                        10,441
acquisition integration costs(3)                      12,972                         7,424
acquisition transaction-related expenses(4)           12,289                         3,480
non-cash stock compensation expense(5)                31,500                        26,332
refinancing costs(6)                                  18,393                       131,622
other items, net                                      (2,134      )                  1,325
ebitda as defined(1)                              $1,233,654                    $1,073,207
(1)   ebitda represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. ebitda as defined represents ebitda plus, as applicable for each relevant period, certain adjustments as set forth in the reconciliation of net income to ebitda and ebitda as defined. see "non-gaap financial measures" for additional information and limitations regarding these non-gaap financial measures.
(2)   represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when the inventory was sold.
(3)   represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into td group's operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs.
(4)   represents transaction-related costs comprising deal fees; legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses; and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred.
(5)   represents the compensation expense recognized by td group under our stock incentive plans.
26
(6)   for the period ended september 30, 2015, represents debt issue costs expensed in conjunction with the refinancing of our 2013 term loans in may 2015. for the period ended september 30, 2014, represents debt issue costs including the premium paid to redeem our 2018 notes in june 2014.
the following table sets forth a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to ebitda and ebitda as defined:
fiscal years endedseptember 30,
2015                                                                                                       2014
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                                                $520,938                      $541,222
adjustments:
changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects from acquisitions of businesses          24,322                       (27,967      )
net gain on sale of real estate                                                                 -          804
interest expense, net(1)                                                                  402,988                       333,753
income tax provision-current                                                              188,952                       151,016
non-cash stock compensation expense(2)                                                    (31,500      )                (26,332      )
excess tax benefit from exercise of stock options                                          61,965                        51,709
refinancing costs(3)                                                                      (18,393      )               (131,622      )
ebitda(5)                                                                               1,149,272                       892,583
adjustments:
inventory purchase accounting adjustments(5)                                               11,362                        10,441
acquisition integration costs(6)                                                           12,972                         7,424
acquisition transaction-related expenses(7)                                                12,289                         3,480
non-cash stock compensation expense(2)                                                     31,500                        26,332
refinancing costs(3)                                                                       18,393                       131,622
other items, net                                                                           (2,134      )                  1,325
ebitda as defined(4)                                                                   $1,233,654                    $1,073,207
(1)   represents interest expense excluding the amortization of debt issue costs and note premium and discount.
(2)   represents the compensation expense recognized by td group under our stock incentive plans.
(3)   for the period ended september 30, 2015, represents debt issue costs expensed in conjunction with the refinancing of our 2013 term loans in may 2015. for the period ended september 30, 2014, represents debt issue costs including the premium paid to redeem our 2018 notes in june 2014.
(4)   ebitda represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. ebitda as defined represents ebitda plus, as applicable for each relevant period, certain adjustments as set forth in the reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to ebitda and ebitda as defined. see "non-gaap financial measures" for additional information and limitations regarding these non-gaap financial measures.
(5)   represents accounting adjustments to inventory associated with acquisitions of businesses and product lines that were charged to cost of sales when the inventory was sold.
(6)   represents costs incurred to integrate acquired businesses and product lines into td group's operations, facility relocation costs and other acquisition-related costs.
(7)   represents transaction-related costs comprising deal fees; legal, financial and tax due diligence expenses; and valuation costs that are required to be expensed as incurred.
trend information we predominantly serve customers in the commercial, regional, business jet and general aviation aftermarket, which accounts for approximately 37% of total sales; the commercial aerospace oem market, comprising large commercial transport manufacturers and regional and business jet manufacturers, which accounts for approximately 29% of total sales; and the defense market, which accounts for approximately 29% of total sales. non-aerospace sales comprise approximately 5% of our total sales.
27
the commercial aerospace industry, including the aftermarket and oem market, is impacted by the health of the global economy and geo-political events around the world. the commercial aerospace industry had shown strength with increases in revenue passenger miles, or rpms, between 2003 and 2008, as well as increases in oem production and backlog. however, in 2009, the global economic downturn negatively impacted the commercial aerospace industry causing rpms to decline slightly. this market sector began to rebound in 2010 and positive growth has continued thru 2015 with increases in rpms, as well as the growth in the large commercial oem sector (aircraft with 100 or more seats) with order announcements by the boeing company and airbus s.a.s. leading to planned increases in production. the 2016 leading indicators and industry consensus suggest a continuation of current trends in the commercial transport market sector supported by continued rpm growth and increases in production at the oem level.
the defense aerospace market is dependent on government budget constraints, the timing of orders and the extent of global conflicts. it is not necessarily affected by general economic conditions that affect the commercial aerospace industry.
our presence in both the commercial aerospace and military sectors of the aerospace industry may mitigate the impact on our business of any specific industry risk. we service a diversified customer base in the commercial and military aerospace industry, and we provide components to a diverse installed base of aircraft, which mitigates our exposure to any individual airframe platform. at times, declines in sales in one channel have been offset by increased sales in another. however, due to differences between the profitability of our products sold to oem and aftermarket customers, variation in product mix can cause variation in gross margin.
there are many short-term factors (including inventory corrections, unannounced changes in order patterns, strikes and mergers and acquisitions) that can cause short-term disruptions in our quarterly shipment patterns as compared to previous quarters and the same periods in prior years. as such, it can be difficult to determine longer-term trends in our business based on quarterly comparisons. to normalize for short-term fluctuations, we tend to look at our performance over several quarters or years of activity rather than discrete short-term periods.
there are also fluctuations in oem and aftermarket ordering and delivery requests from quarter-to-quarter, as well as variations in product mix from quarter-to-quarter, that may cause positive or negative variations in gross profit margins since commercial aftermarket sales have historically produced a higher gross margin than sales to commercial oems. again, in many instances these are timing events between quarters and must be balanced with macro aerospace industry indicators.
commercial aftermarket the key growth factors in the commercial aftermarket include worldwide rpms and the size and activity level of the worldwide fleet of aircraft. after a decline in rpms in 2009, worldwide rpms returned to growth between 2010 and 2015 and current industry consensus indicates that positive rpm growth will continue in 2016.
commercial oem market the commercial transport market sector, the largest sector in the commercial oem market, continued to grow during 2015. our commercial transport oem shipments and revenues generally run ahead of the boeing and airbus airframe delivery schedules. as a result and consistent with prior years, our fiscal 2016 shipments will be a function of, among other things, the estimated 2016 and 2017 commercial airframe production rates. we have been experiencing increased sales in the large commercial oem sector (aircraft with 100 or more seats) driven by an increase in production by the boeing company and airbus s.a.s tied to previous order announcements. industry consensus indicates this production increase will continue in 2016 and 2017, though the growth may moderate and begin to flatten.
defense our military business fluctuates from year to year, and is dependent, to a degree, on government budget constraints, the timing of orders and the extent of global conflicts. in recent years, defense spending has reached historic highs, due in part to the military engagements in afghanistan and iraq and the war on terrorism. for a variety of reasons, the military spending outlook is very uncertain. for planning purposes we assume that military related sales of our types of products to be flat in future years over the recent high levels.
critical accounting policies our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with gaap, which often requires the judgment of management in the selection and application of certain accounting principles and methods. management believes that the quality and reasonableness of our most critical policies enable the fair presentation of our financial position and results of operations. however, investors are cautioned that the sensitivity of financial statements to these methods, assumptions and estimates could create materially different results under different conditions or using different assumptions.
28
below are those policies applied in preparing our financial statements that management believes are the most dependent on the application of estimates and assumptions. for additional accounting policies, see note 3, "summary of significant accounting policies" in the notes to consolidated financial statements included herein.
revenue recognition and related allowances: revenue is recognized from the sale of products when title and risk of loss passes to the customer, which is generally at the time of shipment. substantially all product sales are made pursuant to firm, fixed-price purchase orders received from customers. collectibility of amounts recorded as revenue is reasonably assured at the time of sale. provisions for returns, uncollectible accounts and the cost of repairs under contract warranty provisions are provided for in the same period as the related revenues are recorded and are principally based on historical results modified, as appropriate, by the most current information available. we have a history of making reasonably dependable estimates of such allowances; however, due to uncertainties inherent in the estimation process, it is possible that actual results may vary from the estimates and the differences could be material.
management estimates the allowance for doubtful accounts based on the aging of the accounts receivable and customer creditworthiness. the allowance also incorporates a provision for the estimated impact of disputes with customers. management's estimate of the allowance amounts that are necessary includes amounts for specifically identified credit losses and estimated credit losses based on historical information. the determination of the amount of the allowance for doubtful accounts is subject to significant levels of judgment and estimation by management. depending on the resolution of potential credit and other collection issues, or if the financial condition of any of the company's customers were to deteriorate and their ability to make required payments were to become impaired, increases in these allowances may be required. historically, changes in estimates in the allowance for doubtful accounts have not been significant.
inventories: inventories are stated at the lower of cost or market. cost of inventories is generally determined by the average cost and the first-in, first-out (fifo) methods and includes material, labor and overhead related to the manufacturing process. because the company sells products that are installed on airframes that can be in-service for 25 or more years, it must keep a supply of such products on hand while the airframes are in use. where management estimated that the current market value was below cost or determined that future demand was lower than current inventory levels, based on historical experience, current and projected market demand, current and projected volume trends and other relevant current and projected factors associated with the current economic conditions, a reduction in inventory cost to estimated net realizable value was made by recording a provision included in cost of sales. although management believes that the company's estimates of excess and obsolete inventory are reasonable, actual results may differ materially from the estimates and additional provisions may be required in the future. in addition, in accordance with industry practice, all inventories are classified as current assets as all inventories are available and necessary to support current sales, even though a portion of the inventories may not be sold within one year. historically, changes in estimates in the net realizable value of inventories have not been significant.
intangible assets: mergers and acquisitions are accounted for using the acquisition method and have resulted in significant amounts of identifiable intangible assets and goodwill. fair value adjustments to the company's assets and liabilities are recognized and the results of operations of the acquired business are included in our consolidated financial statements from the effective date of the merger or acquisition. we generally use third-party appraisals to assist us in determining the estimated fair value of the intangible assets.
intangible assets other than goodwill are recognized if the benefit of the intangible asset is obtained through contractual or other legal rights, or if the intangible asset can be sold, transferred, licensed or exchanged, regardless of the company's intent to do so. goodwill and identifiable intangible assets are recorded at their estimated fair value on the date of acquisition and are reviewed at least annually for impairment based on cash flow projections and fair value estimates.
gaap requires that the annual, and any interim, impairment assessment be performed at the reporting unit level. the reporting unit level is one level below an operating segment. substantially all goodwill was determined and recognized for each reporting unit pursuant to the accounting for the merger or acquisition as of the date of each transaction. with respect to acquisitions integrated into an existing reporting unit, any acquired goodwill is combined with the goodwill of the reporting unit.
at the time of goodwill impairment testing, management determines the estimated fair value through the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model incorporating discount rates commensurate with the risks involved for each reporting unit. if the calculated estimated fair value is less than the current carrying value, impairment of goodwill of the reporting unit may exist. the use of a discounted cash flow valuation model to determine estimated fair value is common practice in impairment testing. the key assumptions used in the discounted cash flow valuation model for impairment testing includes discount rates, growth rates, cash flow projections and terminal value rates. discount rates are set by using the weighted average cost of capital ("wacc") methodology. the wacc methodology considers market and industry data as well as company specific risk factors for each reporting unit in determining the appropriate discount rates to be used. the discount rate utilized for each reporting unit is indicative of the return an investor would expect to receive for investing in such a business.
29
management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates, sales projections and cash flow projections for each reporting unit. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual cash flow estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates. as an indicator that each reporting unit has been valued appropriately through the use of the discounted cash flow valuation model, the aggregate of all reporting unit's estimated fair value is reconciled to the total market capitalization of the company.
the company had 29 reporting units with goodwill as of the first day of the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015, the date of the last annual impairment test. the estimated fair values of each of the reporting units was substantially in excess of their respective carrying values, and therefore, no goodwill impairment was recorded. the company performed a sensitivity analysis on the discount rate, which is a significant assumption in the calculation of fair values. with a one percentage point increase in the discount rate, the reporting units would continue to have fair values in excess of their respective carrying values.
management tests indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment at the asset level, as determined by appropriate asset valuation at the time of acquisition. the impairment test for indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a comparison between the estimated fair values and carrying values. if the carrying amounts of intangible assets that have indefinite useful lives exceed their estimated fair values, an impairment loss will be recognized in an amount equal to the difference. management utilizes the royalty savings valuation method to determine the estimated fair value for each indefinite-lived intangible asset. in this method, management estimates the royalty savings arising from the ownership of the intangible asset. the key assumptions used in estimating the royalty savings for impairment testing include discount rates, royalty rates, growth rates, sales projections and terminal value rates. discount rates used are similar to the rates developed by the wacc methodology considering any differences in company-specific risk factors between reporting units and the indefinite-lived intangible assets. royalty rates are established by management with the advice of valuation experts and periodically substantiated by valuation experts. management, considering industry and company-specific historical and projected data, develops growth rates and sales projections for each significant intangible asset. terminal value rate determination follows common methodology of capturing the present value of perpetual sales estimates beyond the last projected period assuming a constant wacc and low long-term growth rates.
the discounted cash flow and royalty savings valuation methodologies require management to make certain assumptions based upon information available at the time the valuations are performed. actual results could differ from these assumptions. management believes the assumptions used are reflective of what a market participant would have used in calculating fair value considering the current economic conditions.
income taxes: the company estimates income taxes in each jurisdiction in which it operates. this involves estimating taxable earnings, specific taxable and deductible items, the likelihood of generating sufficient future taxable income to utilize deferred tax assets and possible exposures related to future tax audits. to the extent these estimates change, adjustments to deferred and accrued income taxes are made in the period in which the changes occur. historically, such adjustments have not been significant.
results of operations the following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain operating data of the company, including presentation of the amounts as a percentage of net sales (amounts in thousands):
fiscal years ended september 30,
2015                                                              2015 % ofsales   2014                            2014 % ofsales   2013                            2013 % ofsales net sales                                $2,707,115              100.0         %          $2,372,906              100.0         %          $1,924,400              100.0         %
cost of sales                             1,257,270               46.4                     1,105,032               46.6                       874,838               45.5
selling and administrative expenses         321,624               11.9                       276,446               11.7                       254,468               13.2
amortization of intangible assets            54,219                2.0                        63,608                2.7                        45,639                2.4
income from operations                    1,074,002               39.7                       927,820               39.1                       749,455               38.9
interest expense, net                       418,785               15.5                       347,688               14.7                       270,685               14.1
refinancing costs                            18,393                0.7                       131,622                5.5                        30,281                1.6
income tax provision                        189,612                7.0                       141,600                6.0                       145,700                7.6
net income                                 $447,212               16.5         %            $306,910               12.9         %            $302,789               15.7         %
30
fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2014
total company net sales. net organic sales and acquisition sales and the related dollar and percentage changes for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended               change          % changetotal sales september 30, 2015        september 30, 2014
organic sales              $2,450.9                 $2,372.9                           $78.0                   3.3           %
acquisition sales             256.2                 -                          256.2                          10.8           %
$2,707.1                 $2,372.9                          $334.2                  14.1           %
acquisition sales represent sales of acquired businesses for the period up to one year subsequent to their acquisition dates. the amount of acquisition sales shown in the table above was attributable to the acquisitions of telair cargo group, adams rite aerospace gmbh, pexco aerospace and pneudraulics in fiscal 2015 and airborne and eme in fiscal 2014.
commercial aftermarket sales increased $36.9 million, or an increase of 4.2%, defense sales increased $29.8 million, or an increase of 4.3%, and commercial oem sales increased $16.4 million, or an increase of 2.4%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014.
cost of sales and gross profit. cost of sales increased by $152.3 million, or 13.8%, to $1,257.3 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to $1,105.0 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. cost of sales and the related percentage of total sales for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended               change           % change september 30, 2015              september 30, 2014
cost of sales-excluding costs below                $1,235.1                        $1,084.5                   $150.6             13.9      %
% of total sales                                       45.6        %                   45.7        %
inventory purchase accounting adjustments              11.4                            10.4                      1.0              9.6      %
% of total sales                                        0.4        %                    0.4        %
acquisition integration costs                           6.1                             6.1                        -                -      %
% of total sales                                        0.2        %                    0.3        %
stock compensation expense                              4.7                             4.0                      0.7             17.5      %
% of total sales                                        0.2        %                    0.2        %
total cost of sales                                 1,257.3                         1,105.0                   $152.3             13.8      %
% of total sales                                       46.4        %                   46.6        %
gross profit                                       $1,449.8                        $1,267.9                   $181.9             14.3      %
gross profit percentage                                53.6        %                   53.4        %             0.2    %
the increase in the dollar amount of cost of sales during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 was primarily due to increased volume associated with the sales from acquisitions and organic sales growth.
gross profit as a percentage of sales increased by 0.2 percentage points to 53.6% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 from 53.4% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. the dollar amount of gross profit increased by $181.9 million, or 14.3%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to the comparable period last year due to the following items:
•   gross profit on the sales from the acquisitions indicated above (excluding acquisition-related costs) was approximately $100 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015, which represented gross profit of approximately 39% of the acquisition sales. the lower gross profit margin on the acquisition sales reduced gross profit as a percentage of consolidated sales by approximately 2 percentage points.
•   organic sales growth described above, application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers), and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume, resulted in a net increase in gross profit of approximately $83 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015.
•   slightly offsetting the increases in gross profit was the impact of higher inventory purchase accounting adjustments charged to cost of sales of approximately $1 million.
selling and administrative expenses. selling and administrative expenses increased by $45.2 million to $321.6 million, or 11.9% of sales, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 from $276.4 million, or 11.6% of sales, for the comparable period last year. selling and administrative expenses and the related percentage of total sales for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014 were as follows (amounts in millions):
31
fiscal years ended             change           % change september 30, 2015              september 30, 2014
selling and administrative expenses-excluding costs below            $276.1                          $249.4                  $26.7             10.7      %
% of total sales                                                       10.2        %                   10.5        %
stock compensation expense                                             26.8                            22.4                    4.4             19.6      %
% of total sales                                                        1.0        %                    0.9        %
acquisition-related expenses                                           18.7                             4.6                   14.1            306.5      %
% of total sales                                                        0.7        %                    0.2        %
total selling and administrative expenses                            $321.6                          $276.4                  $45.2             16.4      %
% of total sales                                                       11.9        %                   11.6        %
the increase in the dollar amount of selling and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 is primarily due to higher selling and administrative expenses relating to recent acquisitions of approximately $23 million, which was approximately 9% of the acquisition sales, and higher acquisition-related and stock compensation expenses of $12.4 million and $4.4 million, respectively.
amortization of intangible assets. amortization of intangible assets decreased to $54.2 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 from $63.8 million for the comparable period last year. the net decrease of $9.6 million was primarily due to order backlog amortization expense from prior acquisitions becoming fully amortized.
refinancing costs. refinancing costs of $18.4 million were recorded during the year ended september 30, 2015 representing debt issue costs expensed in connection with the debt financing activity in may 2015. included within the $18.4 million was approximately $10.2 million of unamortized debt issue costs written off. refinancing costs of $131.6 million were recorded during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 representing debt issue costs expensed in conjunction with the repurchase of the 2018 notes. the $131.6 million expense consisted of the premium of $121.1 million paid to redeem the 2018 notes and the write-off of debt issue costs of $10.5 million.
interest expense-net. interest expense-net includes interest on borrowings outstanding, amortization of debt issue costs and revolving credit facility fees offset by interest income. interest expense-net increased $71.1 million, or 20.4%, to $418.8 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 from $347.7 million for the comparable period last year. the net increase in interest expense-net was primarily due to an increase in the weighted average level of outstanding borrowings, which was approximately $7,827 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 and approximately $6,310 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 slightly offset by a decrease in the weighted average cash interest rate during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 of 5.2% compared to the weighted average cash interest rate during the comparable prior period of 5.3%. the increase in weighted average level of borrowings was primarily due to the issuance of the 2025 notes for $450.0 million in may 2015 and the additional incremental term loan of $1,000.0 million in may 2015. the weighted average interest rate for cash interest payments on total borrowings outstanding at september 30, 2015 was 5.0%.
income taxes. income tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes was approximately 29.8% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to 31.6% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. the company's effective tax rate for these periods was less than the federal statutory tax rate due primarily to the domestic manufacturing deduction, foreign earnings taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rates, and a discrete adjustment from filing fiscal 2014 and 2013 u.s. income tax returns. the decrease in the effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 was primarily due to the ability to recognize the benefit from the utilization of foreign tax credits in the current and future years, foreign earnings taxed at rates lower than the u.s. statutory rate, and a discrete adjustment related to the closing of the fiscal year 2012 and 2013 irs examination.
net income. net income increased $140.3 million, or 45.7%, to $447.2 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to net income of $306.9 million for the year ended september 30, 2014, primarily as a result of the factors referred to above.
earnings per share. the basic and diluted earnings per share were $7.84 for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 and $3.16 per share for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. net income for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 of $447.2 million was decreased by dividend equivalent payments of $3.4 million resulting in net income available to common shareholders of $443.8 million. net income for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 of $306.9 million was decreased by dividend equivalent payments of $126.6 million resulting in net income available to common shareholders of $180.3 million. the increase in earnings per share of $4.68 per share to $7.84 per share is a result of the factors referred to above.
32
business segments segment net sales. net sales by segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended september 30,               change           % change
2015                                             % of sales                    2014           % of sales power &amp; control      $1,330.1              49.1       %           $1,161.8              49.0       %          $168.3             14.5      %
airframe                  1,280.7              47.3       %            1,115.6              47.0       %           165.1             14.8      %
non-aviation                 96.3               3.6       %               95.5               4.0       %             0.8              0.8      %
$2,707.1             100.0       %           $2,372.9             100.0       %          $334.2             14.1      %
sales for the power & control segment, excluding acquisitions, increased approximately $32 million when compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. the sales increase was primarily due to an increase in defense sales of approximately $23 million, or an increase of 5.0%. acquisition sales for the power & control segment totaled $136 million, or an 11.7% increase in segment sales, resulting from the acquisitions of telair international, telair us and pneudraulics in fiscal 2015.
sales for the airframe segment, excluding acquisitions, increased approximately $45 million when compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. the sales increase was primarily due to an increase in commercial aftermarket sales of approximately $34 million, or an increase of 7.2%, and an increase in commercial oem sales of approximately $12 million, or an increase of 3.1%. acquisition sales for the airframe segment totaled $120 million, or a 10.8% increase in segment sales, resulting from the acquisitions of nordisk, adams rite aerospace gmbh and pexco aerospace in fiscal 2015 and airborne and eme in fiscal 2014.
sales for the non-aviation segment increased approximately $0.8 million when compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. the sales increase was primarily due to an increase in commercial oem sales of approximately $0.6 million. there was no impact from acquisitions in the results of the non-aviation segment.
ebitda as defined. ebitda as defined by segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2015 and 2014 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended september 30,               change           % change
2015                                            % of segmentsales                    2014          % of segmentsales power &amp; control        $653.0                 51.8          %             $585.6                 53.3          %           $67.4             11.5      %
airframe                    585.5                 46.4          %              494.1                 45.0          %            91.4             18.5      %
non-aviation                 22.4                  1.8          %               18.5                  1.7          %             3.9             21.1      %
$1,260.9                100.0          %           $1,098.2                100.0          %          $162.7             14.8      %
ebitda as defined for the power & control segment, excluding acquisitions, increased approximately $26 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. ebitda as defined from the acquisitions in fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was approximately $41 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015.
ebitda as defined for the airframe segment, excluding acquisitions, increased approximately $49 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. ebitda as defined from the acquisitions in fiscal years 2015 and 2014 was approximately $42 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015.
ebitda as defined for the non-aviation segment increased approximately $4 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. there was no impact from acquisitions in the results of the non-aviation segment.
33
fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 compared with fiscal year ended september 30, 2013
total company net sales. net organic sales and acquisition sales and the related dollar and percentage changes for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended               change          % changetotal sales september 30, 2014        september 30, 2013
organic sales              $2,080.4                 $1,924.4                          $156.0                   8.1           %
acquisition sales             292.5                 -                          292.5                          15.2           %
$2,372.9                 $1,924.4                          $448.5                  23.3           %
acquisition sales represent sales of acquired businesses for the period up to one year subsequent to their acquisition dates. the amount of acquisition sales shown in the table above was mainly attributable to the acquisitions of airborne and eme in fiscal 2014 and whippany actuation, arkwin and aerosonic in fiscal 2013.
organic sales for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 include a favorable commercial oem retroactive contract pricing adjustment of approximately $2 million. excluding the impact of the retroactive contract pricing adjustment, commercial oem sales increased $49.3 million or an increase of 8.6%, commercial aftermarket sales increased $90.1 million, or an increase of 12.0%, and defense sales increased $26.5 million, or an increase of 5.5%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 compared to fiscal year ended september 30, 2013.
cost of sales and gross profit. cost of sales increased by $230.2 million, or 26.3%, to $1,105.0 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 compared to $874.8 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. cost of sales and the related percentage of total sales for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended               change            % change september 30, 2014              september 30, 2013
cost of sales-excluding acquisition-related costs below          $1,084.5                          $849.2                   $235.3              27.7      %
% of total sales                                                     45.7        %                   44.1        %
inventory purchase accounting adjustments                            10.4                             7.4                      3.0              40.5      %
% of total sales                                                      0.4        %                    0.4        %
acquisition integration costs                                         6.1                            10.9                     (4.8    )        (44.0     )%
% of total sales                                                      0.3        %                    0.6        %
stock compensation expense                                            4.0                             7.3                     (3.3    )        (45.2     )%
% of total sales                                                      0.2        %                    0.4        %
total cost of sales                                              $1,105.0                          $874.8                   $230.2              26.3      %
% of total sales                                                     46.6        %                   45.5        %
gross profit                                                     $1,267.9                        $1,049.6                   $218.3              20.8      %
gross profit percentage                                              53.4        %                   54.5        %
the increase in the dollar amount of cost of sales during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 was primarily due to increased volume associated with the sales from acquisitions and organic sales growth partially offset by lower stock compensation expense related to the accelerated vesting in the prior year (discussed further below) and lower acquisition-related costs as shown in the table above.
gross profit as a percentage of sales decreased by 1.1 percentage points to 53.4% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 from 54.5% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. the dollar amount of gross profit increased by $218.3 million, or 20.8%, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 compared to the comparable period last year due to the following items:
•   gross profit on the sales from the acquisitions indicated above (excluding acquisition-related costs) was approximately $108 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014, which represented gross profit of approximately 37% of the acquisition sales. the lower gross profit margin on the acquisition sales reduced gross profit as a percentage of consolidated sales by approximately 2 percentage points.
•   impact of lower inventory purchase accounting adjustments and acquisition integration costs charged to cost of sales of approximately $2 million.
•   impact of lower stock compensation expense of approximately $3 million mainly due to accelerated vesting in fiscal 2013 (discussed further below).
34
•   organic sales growth described above, application of our three core value-driven operating strategies (obtaining profitable new business, continually improving our cost structure, and providing highly engineered value-added products to customers), and positive leverage on our fixed overhead costs spread over a higher production volume, resulted in a net increase in gross profit of approximately $105 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014.
selling and administrative expenses. selling and administrative expenses increased by $22.0 million to $276.4 million, or 11.6% of sales, for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 from $254.5 million, or 13.2% of sales, for the comparable period last year. selling and administrative expenses and the related percentage of total sales for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended         change            % change september 30, 2014              september 30, 2013
selling and administrative expenses-excluding costs below            $249.4                          $204.8              $44.6              21.8      %
% of total sales                                                       10.4        %                   10.6        %
stock compensation expense                                             22.4                            41.6              (19.2    )        (46.2     )%
% of total sales                                                        0.9        %                    2.2        %
acquisition-related expenses                                            4.6                             8.1               (3.5    )        (43.2     )%
% of total sales                                                        0.3        %                    0.4        %
total selling and administrative expenses                            $276.4                          $254.5              $21.9               8.6      %
% of total sales                                                       11.6        %                   13.2        %
the increase in the dollar amount of selling and administrative expenses during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 is primarily due to higher selling and administrative expenses relating to recent acquisitions of approximately $35 million, which was approximately 12% of the acquisition sales, partially offset by lower acquisition related expenses of approximately $1 million and by lower stock compensation expense of approximately $19 million. stock compensation expense was higher in fiscal 2013 primarily due to accelerated vesting under the market sweep provision for all options granted prior to october 1, 2011.
amortization of intangible assets. amortization of intangible assets increased to $63.8 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 from $45.6 million for the comparable period last year. the net increase of $18.2 million was primarily due to amortization expense related to the additional identifiable intangible assets recognized in connection with acquisitions during the last twelve months.
refinancing costs. refinancing costs of $131.6 million were recorded during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 representing debt issue costs expensed in conjunction with the repurchase of the 2018 notes. the charge consisted of the premium of $121.1 million paid to redeem the 2018 notes and the write-off of debt issue costs of $10.5 million. refinancing costs of $30.3 million were recorded during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 representing debt issue costs expensed in conjunction with the refinancing of our 2010 term loans and 2011 term loans in february 2013.
interest expense-net. interest expense-net includes interest on borrowings outstanding, amortization of debt issue costs and revolving credit facility fees offset by interest income. interest expense-net increased $77.0 million, or 28.4%, to $347.7 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 from $270.7 million for the comparable period last year. the net increase in interest expense-net was primarily due to an increase in the weighted average level of outstanding borrowings, which was approximately $6,310 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 and approximately $4,630 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 slightly offset by a decrease in the weighted average cash interest rate during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 of 5.3% compared to the weighted average cash interest rate during the comparable prior period of 5.6%. the increase in weighted average level of borrowings was primarily due to additional borrowings of $900 million relating to the incremental term loan in july 2013, the issuance in july 2013 of the 2021 notes, the issuance in june 2014 of the $2,350 million 2022 and 2024 notes, borrowings under the trade receivable securitization facility in june 2014, and the issuance in june 2014 of $825 million of additional borrowings under the 2014 term loans. the weighted average interest rate for cash interest payments on total borrowings outstanding at september 30, 2014 was 4.9%.
income taxes. income tax expense as a percentage of income before income taxes was approximately 31.6% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 compared to 32.5% for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. the company's effective tax rate for these periods was less than the federal statutory tax rate due primarily to the domestic manufacturing deduction. the decrease in the effective tax rate for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 was primarily due to the ability to recognize the benefit from the utilization of foreign tax credits in the current year and discrete items related to adjustments resulting from the filing of the company's september 30, 2013 u.s. tax return partially offset by the expiration of the research and development tax credit.
35
net income. net income increased $4.1 million, or 1.4%, to $306.9 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 compared to net income of $302.8 million for the year ended september 30, 2013. the increase in net income was primarily due to growth in net sales described above and a lower effective tax rate offset by higher interest expense as a result of an increase in the level of borrowings outstanding and one-time costs of $90.1 million, net of tax, or $1.58 per share, attributable to the refinancing of our capital structure in june 2014.
earnings per share. the basic and diluted earnings per share were $3.16 for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 and $2.39 per share for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. net income for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014 of $306.9 million was decreased by dividend equivalent payments of $126.6 million resulting in net income available to common shareholders of $180.3 million. net income for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 of $302.8 million was decreased by dividend equivalent payments of $171.2 million resulting in net income available to common shareholders of $131.5 million. the increase in earnings per share of $0.77 per share to $3.16 per share is a result of the factors referred to above.
business segments segment net sales. net sales by segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended september 30,               change           % change
2014                                             % of sales                    2013           % of sales power &amp; control      $1,161.8              49.0       %             $946.6              49.2       %          $215.2             22.7      %
airframe                  1,115.6              47.0       %              877.2              45.6       %   238.4                     27.2      %
non-aviation                 95.5               4.0       %              100.6               5.2       %            (5.1    )        (5.1     )%
$2,372.9             100.0       %           $1,924.4             100.0       %          $448.5             23.3      %
sales for the power & control segment, excluding acquisitions, increased approximately $59 million when compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. the sales increase was primarily due to an increase in commercial aftermarket sales of approximately $32 million, or an increase of 9.4%, and an increase in defense sales of approximately $17 million, or an increase of 4.6%. acquisition sales totaled $157 million, or a 16.6% increase in segment sales, resulting from the acquisitions of aerosonic, whippany actuation and arkwin in fiscal 2013.
sales for the airframe segment, excluding acquisitions and oem retroactive contract pricing adjustments, increased approximately $107 million when compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. the sales increase was primarily due to an increase in commercial aftermarket sales of approximately $58 million, or an increase of 14.2%, an increase in commercial oem sales of approximately $36 million, or an increase of 10.3%, and an increase in defense sales of approximately $11 million, or an increase of 9.9%. acquisition sales for the airframe segment totaled $133 million, or a 15.1% increase in segment sales, resulting from the acquisitions of airborne and eme in fiscal 2014. the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 reflects an oem retroactive contract pricing adjustments of approximately $2 million.
acquisition sales for the non-aviation segment totaled $3 million, or an increase of 2.8%. organic sales declined $8 million, or 7.9%.
ebitda as defined. ebitda as defined by segment for the fiscal years ended september 30, 2014 and 2013 were as follows (amounts in millions):
fiscal years ended september 30,               change            % change
2014                                            % of segmentsales                  2013          % of segmentsales power &amp; control        $585.6                 50.4          %           $493.8                 52.1          %           $91.8              18.6      %
airframe                    494.1                 44.3          %            406.3                 46.3          %   87.8                       21.6      %
non-aviation                 18.5                 19.4          %             23.6                 23.4          %            (5.1    )        (21.6     )%
$1,098.2                 46.3          %           $923.7                 48.0          %          $174.5              18.9      %
ebitda as defined for the power & control segment, excluding acquisitions, increased approximately $40 million when compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013 due to increases in defense sales and commercial aftermarket sales. ebitda as defined from the acquisitions in fiscal 2013 was approximately $52 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014.
ebitda as defined for the airframe segment, excluding acquisitions and a prior year retroactive pricing adjustment, increased approximately $63 million when compared to the fiscal year ended september 30, 2013. the increase was primarily due to the increases in commercial oem, commercial aftermarket sales and defense sales. ebitda as defined from the
36
acquisitions of eme and airborne in fiscal 2014 was approximately $27 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. the year ended september 30, 2013 reflects ebitda as defined of approximately $2 million relating to the previously mentioned retroactive contract pricing adjustment.
ebitda as defined for the non-aviation segment acquisition was approximately $0.4 million for the fiscal year ended september 30, 2014. organic ebitda declined approximately $5.5 million due to the organic sales decrease noted above and the mix of products sold in the non-aviation markets.
backlog as of september 30, 2015, the company estimated its sales order backlog at $1,428 million compared to an estimated sales order backlog of $1,195 million as of september 30, 2014. the increase in estimated sales order backlog of approximately $233 million is primarily due to acquisitions. the majority of the purchase orders outstanding as of september 30, 2015 are scheduled for delivery within the next twelve months. purchase orders may be subject to cancellation or deferral by the customer prior to shipment. the level of unfilled purchase orders at any given date during the year will be materially affected by the timing of the company's receipt of purchase orders and the speed with which those orders are filled. accordingly, the company's backlog as of september 30, 2015 may not necessarily represent the actual amount of shipments or sales for any future period.
foreign operations although we manufacture a significant portion of our products in the united states, we manufacture some products in belgium, china, germany, hungary, malaysia, mexico, norway, sri lanka, sweden, and the united kingdom. although the majority of sales of our products are made to customers (including distributors) located in the united states, our products are ultimately sold to and used by customers (including airlines and other end users of aircraft) throughout the world. a number of risks inherent in international operations could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including currency fluctuations, difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national operations, general economic and political uncertainties and potential for social unrest in countries in which we operate, limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies, restrictions on the repatriation of funds, change in trade policies, tariff regulation, difficulties in obtaining export and import licenses and the risk of government financed competition.
our direct sales to foreign customers were approximately $881.1 million, $735.9 million, and $572.0 million for fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. sales to foreign customers are subject to numerous additional risks, including foreign currency fluctuations, the impact of foreign government regulations, political uncertainties and differences in business practices. there can be no assurance that foreign governments will not adopt regulations or take other action that would have a direct or indirect adverse impact on the business or market opportunities of the company within such governments' countries. furthermore, there can be no assurance that the political, cultural and economic climate outside the united states will be favorable to our operations and growth strategy.
inflation many of the company's raw materials and operating expenses are sensitive to the effects of inflation, which could result in changing operating costs. the effects of inflation on the company's businesses during the fiscal years 2015, 2014 and 2013 were not significant.
liquidity and capital resources we have historically maintained a capital structure comprising a mix of equity and debt financing. we vary our leverage both to optimize our equity return and to pursue acquisitions. we expect to meet our current debt obligations as they come due through internally generated funds from current levels of operations and/or through refinancing in the debt or equity markets prior to the maturity dates of our debt.
we continually evaluate our debt facilities to assess whether they most efficiently and effectively meet the current and future needs of our business. the company evaluates from time to time the appropriateness of its current leverage, taking into consideration the company's debt holders, equity holders, credit ratings, acquisition opportunities and other factors. the company's debt leverage ratio, which is computed as total debt divided by ebitda as defined for the applicable twelve-month period, has varied widely during the company's history, ranging from approximately 3.5 to 7.0. our debt leverage ratio at september 30, 2015 was approximately 6.8.
the company regularly engages in discussions with respect to potential acquisitions and investments. however, there can be no assurance that the company will be able to consummate an agreement with respect to any future acquisition. the company's acquisition strategy may require substantial capital, and no assurance can be given that the company will be able to raise any necessary funds on acceptable terms or at all. if the company incurs additional debt to finance acquisitions, total interest expense will increase.
37
if the company has excess cash, it may consider methods by which it can provide cash to its debt or equity holders through a dividend, prepayment of indebtedness, repurchase of stock, repurchase of debt or other means. whether the company undertakes additional stock repurchases or other aforementioned activities will depend on prevailing market conditions, the company's liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amounts involved may be material. in addition, the company may issue additional debt if prevailing market conditions are favorable to doing so.
the company's ability to make scheduled interest payments on, or to refinance, the company's indebtedness, or to fund non-acquisition related capital expenditures and research and development efforts, will depend on the company's ability to generate cash in the future. this is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond its control. based on its current levels of operations and absent any disruptive events, management believes that internally generated funds and borrowings available under our revolving loan facility should provide sufficient resources to finance its operations, non-acquisition related capital expenditures, research and development efforts and long-term indebtedness obligations through at least fiscal 2016. there can be no assurance, however, that the company's business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations or that future borrowings will be available to the company under the senior secured credit facility in an amount sufficient to enable it to pay its indebtedness or to fund its other liquidity needs. the company may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness on or before maturity. also, to the extent the company accelerates its growth plans, consummates acquisitions or has lower than anticipated sales or increases in expenses, the company may also need to raise additional capital. in particular, increased working capital needs occur whenever the company consummates acquisitions or experiences strong incremental demand. there can be no assurance that the company will be able to raise additional capital on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
the company has not, at this time, determined to change the nature of its debt facilities. however, in the future, the company may increase its borrowings in connection with acquisitions, if cash flow from operations becomes insufficient to fund current operations or for other short-term cash needs or for stock repurchases or dividends. our future leverage will also be impacted by the then current conditions of the credit markets.
operating activities. the company generated $520.9 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2015 compared to $541.2 million during fiscal 2014. the net decrease of $20.3 million was due primarily to higher interest payments due to the company's current debt structure offset by an increase in income from operations.
the company generated $541.2 million of net cash from operating activities during fiscal 2014 compared to $470.2 million during fiscal 2013. the net increase of $71.0 million was due primarily to an increase in income from operations offset by higher interest payments due to the company's current debt structure.
investing activities. net cash used in investing activities was $1,679.1 million during fiscal 2015 consisting primarily of the acquisitions of telair cargo group, adams rite aerospace gmbh, pexco aerospace and pneudraulics for a total of $1,624.3 million and capital expenditures of $54.9 million.
net cash used in investing activities was $329.6 million during fiscal 2014 consisting primarily of the acquisitions of airborne and eme for a total of $311.9 million and capital expenditures of $34.1 million offset by the cash proceeds on the sale of real estate of $16.4 million.
net cash used in investing activities was $502.4 million during fiscal 2013 consisting primarily of the acquisitions of whippany actuation, arkwin and aerosonic for a total of $483.3 million and capital expenditures of $35.5 million offset by the cash proceeds on the sale of our equity investment in c-safe llc of $16.4 million.
financing activities. net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2015 was $1,054.9 million, which comprised $1,505.7 million of net proceeds under our 2015 term loans, $445.3 million of net proceeds from our 2025 notes, and $123.6 million of cash for tax benefits related to share-based payment arrangements and from the exercise of stock options offset by $1,025.3 million of repayments on our 2015 term loans, 2014 term loans, and 2013 term loans and $3.4 million of dividend equivalent payments.
net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2014 was $44.0 million, which comprised $2,326.4 million of net proceeds from our 2022 notes and 2024 notes, $805.4 million of additional net proceeds under our 2014 term loans, $199.2 million of net proceeds from the trade receivable securitization facility, and $78.4 million of cash for tax benefits related to share-based payment arrangements and from the exercise of stock options offset by $1,451.4 million of dividends and dividend equivalent payments, $1,721.0 million for the repurchase of our 2018 notes, $159.9 million of treasury stock purchases, and $33.1 million of repayments on the 2014 term loans.
net cash provided by financing activities during fiscal 2013 was $156.2 million, which comprised $3,064.0 million of net proceeds from our 2013 term loans, $147.4 million of additional net proceeds from the amendment of our 2011 term loans, $494.8 million of net proceeds from our 2021 notes, $541.6 million of net proceeds from our 2020 notes and $87.7 million of cash for tax benefits related to share-based payment arrangements and from the exercise of stock options offset by $18.8
38
million repayment on the 2013 term loans, the repayment of our 2011 term loans of $2,169.1 million and $1,991.4 million of dividend and dividend equivalent payments.
description of senior secured term loans and indentures on june 4, 2014, transdigm inc. amended and restated its existing credit agreement dated february 28, 2013, by entering into a second amended and restated credit agreement. the second amended and restated credit agreement permits, among other things, (i) the payment of a special dividend of up to $1,700 million to the holders of td group's common stock, par value $.01 per share, (ii) the issuance of the 2022 notes and the 2024 notes (each as defined below), (iii) the incurrence of certain new tranche d term loans (the "tranche d term loans") in an aggregate principal amount equal to $825 million, which tranche d term loans were fully drawn on june 4, 2014 and mature on june 4, 2021, (iv) the increase of the total revolving commitments thereunder to $420 million, which includes a sub-limit of up to $100 million of multi-currency revolving commitments, and (v) certain changes to certain affirmative and negative covenants and the financial covenant thereunder. the terms and conditions that apply to the tranche d term loans, including pricing, are substantially the same as the terms and conditions that apply to the other term loans. in addition, the revolving a credit commitments previously available under the credit facility were terminated.
the term loans under the second amended and restated credit agreement (the "2014 term loans") consisted of three tranches of term loans-tranche b term loans, tranche c term loans and the tranche d term loans. the revolving credit facility consisted of one tranche-revolving b commitments, which included a sub-limit up to $100 million of multi-currency revolving commitments. the tranche b term loans consisted of $500 million in the aggregate; however, the tranche b term loans were refinanced in may 2015 in connection with the financing of the tranche e term loans. the may 2015 financing is detailed further below. the tranche c term loans consist of $2,600 million in the aggregate maturing on february 28, 2020 and the tranche d term loans consist of $825 million in the aggregate maturing on june 4, 2021. subsequent to the may 2015 financing and resulting impact on the term loan facility, quarterly principal payments of $7.3 million on the term loans are required, which began on june 30, 2015. prior to the may 2015 financing, quarterly principal payments of $7.8 million were due beginning march 28, 2013 and an additional quarterly principal payment of $2.1 million was due beginning september 30, 2014. the revolving b commitments of $420 million, which included a sub-limit of up to $100 million of multi-currency revolving commitments, were also refinanced in may 2015 as detailed further below.
under the terms of the second amended and restated credit agreement, transdigm is entitled on one or more occasions, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, to request additional commitments under the revolving credit facility or additional term loans in the aggregate principal amount of up to $1,000 million to the extent that existing or new lenders agree to provide such additional term loans. all of the indebtedness outstanding under the 2014 term loans is guaranteed by td group and all of transdigm's current and future domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than immaterial subsidiaries). in addition, the obligations of transdigm and the guarantors under the 2014 term loans are secured ratably in accordance with each lender's respective revolving and term loan commitments by a first priority security interest in substantially all of the existing and future property and assets, including inventory, equipment, general intangibles, intellectual property, investment property and other personal property (but excluding leasehold interests and certain other assets) of transdigm and its existing and future domestic restricted subsidiaries (other than immaterial subsidiaries), and a first priority pledge of the capital stock of transdigm and its subsidiaries (other than foreign subsidiaries and certain domestic subsidiaries, of which 65% of the voting capital stock is pledged).
the interest rates per annum applicable to the 2014 term loans are, at transdigm's option, equal to either an alternate base rate or an adjusted libor for one, two, three or six-month (or to the extent agreed to by each relevant lender, nine or twelve-month) interest periods chosen by transdigm, in each case plus an applicable margin percentage. the adjusted libor is subject to a floor of 0.75%. at september 30, 2015, the applicable interest rate was 3.75% on the tranche c and tranche d term loans.
the term loan facility requires mandatory prepayments of principal based on certain percentages of excess cash flow (as defined in the 2014 term loans), commencing 90 days after the end of each fiscal year, commencing with the fiscal year ending september 30, 2014, subject to certain exceptions. in addition, subject to certain exceptions (including, with respect to asset sales, the reinvestment in productive assets), transdigm will be required to prepay the loans outstanding under the term loan facility at 100% of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, with the net cash proceeds of certain asset sales and issuance or incurrence of certain indebtedness. no prepayments were required for fiscal 2015.
the second amended and restated credit agreement contains certain covenants that limit the ability of td group, transdigm and transdigm's restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: (i) incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock; (ii) pay distributions on, redeem or repurchase capital stock or redeem or repurchase subordinated debt; (iii) make investments; (iv) sell assets; (v) enter into agreements that restrict distributions or other payments from restricted subsidiaries to transdigm; (vi) incur or suffer to exist liens securing indebtedness; (vii) consolidate, merge or transfer all or substantially all of their assets; and (viii) engage in transactions with affiliates.
39
at september 30, 2015, five forward-starting interest rate swap agreements beginning march 31, 2016 were in place to hedge the variable interest rates on the 2014 term loans for a fixed rate based on an aggregate notional amount of $750 million through june 30, 2020. these forward-starting interest rate swap agreements will effectively convert the variable interest rate on the aggregate notional amount of the 2014 term loans to a fixed rate of 5.8% (2.8% plus the 3% margin percentage) over the term of the interest rate swap agreements.
at september 30, 2015, three interest rate swap agreements beginning september 30, 2014 were in place to hedge the variable interest rates on the 2014 term loans for a fixed rate based on an aggregate notional amount of $1,000 million through june 30, 2019. these interest rate swap agreements converted the variable interest rate on the aggregate notional amount of the 2014 term loans to a fixed rate of 5.4% (2.4% plus the 3% margin percentage) over the term of the interest rate swap agreements.
during the fiscal year ended september 30, 2015, three interest rate swap agreements were in place to swap variable rates on the 2014 term loans for a fixed rate based on an aggregate notional amount of $353 million through june 30, 2015. these interest rate swap agreements converted the variable interest rate on the aggregate notional amount of the 2014 term loans to a fixed rate of 5.2% (2.2% plus the 3% margin percentage) over the term of the interest rate swap agreements.
on may 14, 2015, transdigm inc., td group and certain subsidiaries of transdigm entered into an incremental assumption and refinancing facility agreement (the "2015 term loans") with credit suisse ag, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the other agents and lenders named therein. pursuant to the incremental assumption and refinancing facility agreement, transdigm, among other things, incurred new tranche e term loans (the "new tranche e term loans") in an aggregate principal amount equal to $1,000 million and refinanced the existing tranche b term loans in an aggregate principal amount equal to $498 million into additional tranche e term loans (together with the new tranche e term loans, the "tranche e term loans"). the tranche e term loans were fully drawn on may 14, 2015 and mature on may 14, 2022. the terms and conditions (other than maturity date) that applied to the tranche e term loans, including pricing, are substantially the same as the terms and conditions that apply to the tranche b term loans immediately prior to the assumption and refinancing agreement under the second amended and restated credit agreement. the 2015 term loans requires quarterly principal payments of $3.7 million, which began on june 30, 2015. at september 30, 2015, the unamortized original issue discount on the tranche e terms loans was $5.4 million.
the interest rates per annum applicable to the 2015 term loans are, at transdigm's option, equal to either an alternate base rate or an adjusted libor for one, two, three or six-month (or to the extent agreed to by each relevant lender, nine or twelve-month) interest periods chosen by transdigm, in each case plus an applicable margin percentage. the adjusted libor is subject to a floor of 0.75%. at september 30, 2015, the applicable interest rate was 3.50% on the tranche e term loans.
in addition, if, prior to november 14, 2015, the principal amount of the tranche e term loans is (i) prepaid substantially concurrently with the incurrence by td group, transdigm or any its subsidiaries of new bank loans that have an effective yield lower than the yield in effect on the term loans so prepaid or (ii) received by a lender due to a mandatory assignment following the failure of such lender to consent to an amendment of the 2015 term loans that has the effect of reducing the effective interest rate with respect to the term loans, then such prepayment or receipt shall be accompanied by a premium of 1.0%.
on may 20, 2015, transdigm, td group and the subsidiaries of transdigm named therein entered into an incremental revolving credit assumption and refinancing facility agreement. pursuant to the incremental revolving credit assumption and refinancing facility agreement, transdigm, among other things, increased the revolving commitments under the second amended and restated credit agreement in an aggregate principal amount of $130 million (the "new revolving commitments") and refinanced a portion of the existing tranche c term loans into the tranche e term loans (the "refinanced tranche c term loans"). the terms and conditions that apply to the new revolving commitments are the same as those of the existing us dollar revolving credit commitments under the second amended and restated credit agreement. the terms and conditions that apply to the refinanced tranche c term loans are the same as those of the tranche e term loans. the new revolving commitments consist of $550 million in the aggregate and mature on february 28, 2018. at september 30, 2015, the company had $16 million letters of credit outstanding and $534 million of borrowings available under the new revolving commitments.
at september 30, 2015, six interest rate cap agreements beginning september 30, 2015 were in place to offset the variable interest rates on the 2015 term loans based on an aggregate notional amount of $750 million. these interest rate cap agreements offset the variability in expected future cash flows on the company's variable rate debt attributable to fluctuations above the three month libor of 2.5% through june 30, 2020.
on october 15, 2012, transdigm inc. issued $550 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2020 notes at an issue price of 100% of the principal amount. the 2020 notes bear interest at the rate of 5.50% per annum, which accrues from october 15, 2012 and is payable semiannually on april 15 and october 15 of each year. the 2020 notes mature on october 15,
40
2020, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions as defined in the indenture governing the 2020 notes.
on july 1, 2013, transdigm issued $500 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2021 notes at an issue price of 100% of the principal amount. the 2021 notes bear interest at the rate of 7.50% per annum, which accrues from july 1, 2013 and is payable semiannually on january 15 and july 15 of each year, commencing on january 15, 2014. the 2021 notes mature on july 15, 2021, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions as defined in the indenture governing the 2021 notes.
on june 4, 2014, transdigm inc. issued $2,350 million in aggregate principal amount of senior subordinated notes, consisting of $1,150 million aggregate principal amount of the 2022 notes and $1,200 million aggregate principal amount of the 2024 notes at an issue price of 100% of the principal amount for both notes. the 2022 notes bear interest at the rate of 6.00% per annum, which accrues from june 4, 2014 and is payable semiannually in arrears on january 15 and july 15 of each year, commencing on january 15, 2015. the 2022 notes mature on july 15, 2022, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the indenture governing the 2022 notes. the 2024 notes bear interest at the rate of 6.50% per annum, which accrues from june 4, 2014 and is payable semiannually in arrears on january 15 and july 15 of each year, commencing on january 15, 2015. the 2024 notes mature on july 15, 2024, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the indenture governing the 2024 notes.
on may 14, 2015, transdigm inc. issued $450 million in aggregate principal amount of its 2025 notes (together with the 2020 notes, the 2021 notes, the 2022 notes and the 2024 notes, the "notes") at an issue price of 100% of the principal amount. the 2025 notes bear interest at the rate of 6.50% per annum, which accrues from may 14, 2015 and is payable semiannually in arrears on may 15 and november 15 of each year, commencing on november 15, 2015. the 2025 notes mature on may 15, 2025, unless earlier redeemed or repurchased, and are subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the indenture governing the 2025 notes.
the notes are subordinated to all of transdigm's existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of its existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of its future debt that is expressly subordinated to the notes. the notes are guaranteed on a senior subordinated unsecured basis by td group and its wholly-owned domestic subsidiaries named in the indentures. the guarantees of the notes are subordinated to all of the guarantors' existing and future senior debt, rank equally with all of their existing and future senior subordinated debt and rank senior to all of their future debt that is expressly subordinated to the guarantees of the notes. the notes are structurally subordinated to all of the liabilities of td group's non-guarantor subsidiaries. the notes contain many of the restrictive covenants included in the 2014 term loans. transdigm is in compliance with all the covenants contained in the notes.
certain restrictive covenants in our debt documents the term loans and the indentures governing the notes contain restrictive covenants that, among other things, limit the incurrence of additional indebtedness, the payment of dividends, transactions with affiliates, asset sales, acquisitions, mergers and consolidations, liens and encumbrances, and prepayments of other indebtedness. in addition, if the total amount of revolving loans and letters of credit exceeds 25% of the aggregate revolving commitment, the term loans require that the company meet a net debt to ebitda as defined ratio, on a pro forma basis. a breach of any of the covenants or an inability to comply with the required leverage ratio could result in a default under the term loans or the indentures. if any such default occurs, the lenders under the term loans and the holders of the notes may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other amounts payable thereunder, to be immediately due and payable. the lenders under the term loans also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. in addition, following an event of default under the term loans, the lenders thereunder will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which includes our available cash, and they will also have the right to prevent us from making debt service payments on the notes.
trade receivables securitization during fiscal 2014, the company established a trade receivable securitization facility (the "securitization facility"). the securitization facility effectively increases the company's borrowing capacity depending on the amount of trade accounts receivable. the securitization facility includes the right for the company to exercise annual one year extensions as long as there have been no termination events as defined by the agreement. the company uses the proceeds from the securitization facility as an alternative to other forms of debt, effectively reducing borrowing costs. in august 2015, the company increased the borrowing capacity from $225 million to $250 million in connection with amending the securitization facility to a maturity date of august 2, 2016. as of september 30, 2015, the company has borrowed $200 million under the securitization facility. the securitization facility is collateralized by substantially all of the company's trade accounts receivable.
41
stock repurchase program on october 22, 2014, the board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program replacing our previous repurchase program permitting us to repurchase a portion of our shares outstanding not to exceed $300 million in the aggregate. no repurchases were made under the program during the year ended september 30, 2015. during the year ended september 30, 2014, the company repurchased 909,700 shares of its common stock at a gross cost of approximately $159.9 million at a weighted-average price per share of $175.68 per share. these repurchases were made under the previous program, which permitted us to repurchase a portion of our outstanding shares not to exceed $200 million in the aggregate.
contractual obligations the following is a summary of contractual cash obligations as of september 30, 2015 (in millions):
2016                2017                2018                2019                  2020             2021 andthereafter                 total senior secured term loans(1)       $43.8               $43.8               $43.8               $43.8              $1,974.6                  $2,232.8                   $4,382.6
2020 notes           -                   -                   -                   -                 550.0                         -                      550.0
2021 notes           -                   -                   -                   -                     -                     500.0                      500.0
2022 notes           -                   -                   -                   -                     -                   1,150.0                    1,150.0
2024 notes           -                   -                   -                   -                     -                   1,200.0                    1,200.0
2025 notes           -                   -                   -                   -                     -                     450.0                      450.0
scheduled interest payments(2)       435.7               438.2               434.6               427.3                 365.3                     691.8                    2,792.9
operating leases        14.2                11.6                 9.5                 7.0                   6.1                      20.3                       68.7
purchase obligations       179.6                33.8                37.5                 0.2                     -                         -                      251.1
total contractual cash obligations      $673.3              $527.4              $525.4              $478.3              $2,896.0                  $6,244.9                  $11,345.3
(1)   the tranche c term loans mature in february 2020, the tranche d term loans mature in june 2021, and the tranche e term loans mature in may 2022. the term loans require quarterly principal payments totaling $11.0 million.
(2)   assumes that the variable interest rate on our tranche c and tranche d borrowings under our senior secured term loans remain constant at 3.75% and the tranche e borrowings under our senior secured term loans remain constant at 3.50%. in addition, interest payments include the impact of the 5.4% interest rate fixed through our swap agreements from september 30, 2014 through june 30, 2019 on an aggregate notional amount of $1,000 million, and the impact of the 5.8% interest rate fixed through our forward-starting swap agreements from march 31, 2016 through june 30, 2020 on an aggregate notional amount of $750 million.
in addition to the contractual obligations set forth above, the company incurs capital expenditures for the purpose of maintaining and replacing existing equipment and facilities and, from time to time, for facility expansion. capital expenditures totaled approximately $54.9 million, $34.1 million, and $35.5 million during fiscal years 2015, 2014, and fiscal 2013, respectively. the company expects its capital expenditures in fiscal year 2016 to be between $55 million and $60 million.
new accounting standards in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09 which creates a new topic in the accounting standards codification ("asc") topic 606, "revenue from contracts with customers." in addition to superseding and replacing nearly all existing u.s. gaap revenue recognition guidance, including industry-specific guidance, asc 606 establishes a new control-based revenue recognition model; changes the basis for deciding when revenue is recognized over time or at a point in time; provides new and more detailed guidance on specific topics; and expands and improves disclosures about revenue. the guidance is effective for the company for annual reporting periods, including interim periods therein, beginning october 1, 2018. the company is currently evaluating the impact that the update will have on its financial position, results of operations, cash flows and financial statement disclosures.
in april 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-03, "simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs," which expands upon the guidance on the presentation of debt issuance costs. the guidance requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. the guidance does not change the current requirements surrounding the recognition and measurement of debt issuance costs, and the amortization of debt issuance costs will continue to be reported as interest expense. the guidance is effective for the company beginning october 1, 2016. early adoption is allowed for all entities and the new guidance shall be applied to all prior periods retrospectively. we do not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial position and results of operations, although it will change the financial statement classification of debt issue costs. as of september 30, 2015 and 2014, we had $77.7 million and $92.4 million in debt
42
issue costs recorded as an asset on the consolidated balance sheets, respectively. under the new guidance, the debt issue costs would offset the carrying amount of the respective debt on the consolidated balance sheets.
additional disclosure required by indentures separate financial statements of transdigm inc. are not presented since td group has no operations or significant assets separate from its investment in transdigm inc. and since the notes are guaranteed by td group and all direct and indirect domestic restricted subsidiaries of transdigm inc. transdigm inc.'s immaterial wholly owned foreign subsidiaries are not obligated to guarantee the notes.
