item 1a.   risk factors.

the nature of our business activities subjects us to certain hazards and risks. you should consider carefully the following risk factors together with all of the other information contained in this report. if any of the following risks were actually to occur, then our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
risks related to our business our cash flow is dependent upon the ability of the partnership to make cash distributions to us.
our cash flow consists entirely of cash distributions from the partnership. the amount of cash that the partnership will be able to distribute to its partners, including us, each quarter principally depends upon the amount of cash it generates from its business. for a description of certain factors that can cause fluctuations in the amount of cash that the partnership generates from its business, please read "-risks inherent in the partnership's business" and "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations-factors that significantly affect our results." the partnership may not have sufficient available cash each quarter to continue paying distributions at their current level or at all. if the partnership reduces its per unit distribution, because of reduced operating cash flow, higher expenses, capital requirements or otherwise, we will have less cash available to pay dividends to our stockholders and may be required to reduce the dividend per share of common stock. the amount of cash the partnership has available for distribution depends primarily upon the partnership's cash flow, including cash flow from the release of reserves as well as borrowings, and is not solely a function of profitability, which will be affected by non-cash items. as a result, the partnership may make cash distributions during periods when it records losses and may not make cash distributions during periods when it records profits.
once we receive cash from the partnership and the general partner, our ability to distribute the cash received to our stockholders is limited by a number of factors, including:
·   our obligation to satisfy tax obligations associated with previous sales of assets to the partnership;

·   interest expense and principal payments on any indebtedness we incur;

·   restrictions on distributions contained in any existing or future debt agreements;

·   our general and administrative expenses, including expenses we incur as a result of being a public company as well as other operating expenses;

·   expenses of the general partner;

·   income taxes;

·   reserves we establish in order for us to maintain our 2% general partner interest in the partnership upon the issuance of additional partnership securities by the partnership; and

·   reserves our board of directors establishes for the proper conduct of our business, to comply with applicable law or any agreement binding on us or our subsidiaries or to provide for future dividends by us.

the actual amount of cash that is available for dividends to our stockholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control.
in the future, we may not have sufficient cash to pay estimated dividends.
because our only source of operating cash flow consists of cash distributions from the partnership, the amount of dividends we are able to pay to our stockholders may fluctuate based on the level of distributions the partnership makes to its partners, including us. in addition, the timing and amount of such changes in distributions, if any, will not necessarily be comparable to the timing and amount of any changes in dividends made by us. factors such as reserves established by our board of directors for our estimated general and administrative expenses as well as other operating expenses, reserves to satisfy our debt service requirements, if any, and reserves for future dividends by us may affect the dividends we make to our stockholders. the actual amount of cash that is available for dividends to our stockholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control.
36
our cash dividend policy limits our ability to grow.
because we plan on distributing a substantial amount of our cash flow, our growth may not be as fast as the growth of businesses that reinvest their available cash to expand ongoing operations. in fact, because currently our only cash-generating assets are common units and general partner interests in the partnership, our growth will be substantially dependent upon the partnership. if we issue additional shares of common stock or we incur debt, the payment of dividends on those additional shares or interest on that debt could increase the risk that we will be unable to maintain or increase our cash dividend levels.
we have a credit facility that contains various restrictions on our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders, borrow additional funds or capitalize on business opportunities.
we have a credit facility that contains various operating and financial restrictions and covenants. our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. if we are unable to comply with these restrictions and covenants, any future indebtedness under this credit facility may become immediately due and payable and our lenders' commitments to make further loans to us may terminate. we might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments.
our credit facility limits our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders during an event of default or if an event of default would result from such dividend. in addition, any future borrowings may:
·   adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing for future operations or capital needs;

·   limit our ability to pursue acquisitions and other business opportunities;

·   make our results of operations more susceptible to adverse economic or operating conditions; or

·   limit our ability to pay dividends.

our payment of any principal and interest will reduce our cash available for dividends to our stockholders. in addition, we are able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. if we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage would increase. for more information regarding our credit facility, please see note 9 of the "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 in this form 10-k.
if dividends on our shares of common stock are not paid with respect to any fiscal quarter, our stockholders will not be entitled to receive that quarter's payments in the future.
dividends to our stockholders are not cumulative. consequently, if dividends on our shares of common stock are not paid with respect to any fiscal quarter, our stockholders will not be entitled to receive that quarter's payments in the future.
restrictions in the trp revolver and indentures could limit its ability to make distributions to us.
the trp revolver and indentures contain covenants limiting the partnership's ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, engage in transactions with affiliates and make distributions. the trp revolver also contains covenants requiring the partnership to maintain certain financial ratios. the partnership is prohibited from making any distribution to unitholders if such distribution would cause an event of default or otherwise violate a covenant under the trp revolver or the indentures, which in turn may impact the cash available for dividends to our stockholders.
37
if we lose any of our named executive officers, our business may be adversely affected.
our success is dependent upon the efforts of the named executive officers. our named executive officers are responsible for executing our and the partnership's business strategies and, when appropriate to our primary business objective, facilitating the partnership's growth through various forms of financial support provided by us, including, but not limited to, modifying the partnership's idrs, exercising the partnership's idr reset provision contained in its partnership agreement, making loans, making capital contributions in exchange for yielding or non-yielding equity interests or providing other financial support to the partnership. there is substantial competition for qualified personnel in the midstream natural gas industry. we may not be able to retain our existing named executive officers or fill new positions or vacancies created by expansion or turnover. we have not entered into employment agreements with any of our named executive officers. in addition, we do not maintain "key man" life insurance on the lives of any of our named executive officers. a loss of one or more of our named executive officers could harm our and the partnership's business and prevent us from implementing our and the partnership's business strategies.
if we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. in addition, potential changes in accounting standards might cause us to revise our financial results and disclosure in the future.
effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide timely and reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. if we cannot provide timely and reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. we continue to enhance our internal controls and financial reporting capabilities. these enhancements require a significant commitment of resources, personnel and the development and maintenance of formalized internal reporting procedures to ensure the reliability of our financial reporting. our efforts to update and maintain our internal controls may not be successful, and we may be unable to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future, including future compliance with the obligations under section 404 of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. any failure to maintain effective controls or difficulties encountered in the effective improvement of our internal controls could prevent us from timely and reliably reporting our financial results and may harm our operating results. ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. in addition, the financial accounting standards board or the sec could enact new accounting standards that might impact how we or the partnership are required to record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. any significant change in accounting standards or disclosure requirements could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and ability to comply with our and the partnership's debt obligations.
an increase in interest rates may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.
like all equity investments, an investment in our common stock is subject to certain risks. in exchange for accepting these risks, investors may expect to receive a higher rate of return than would otherwise be obtainable from lower-risk investments. accordingly, as interest rates rise, the ability of investors to obtain higher risk-adjusted rates of return by purchasing government-backed debt securities may cause a corresponding decline in demand for riskier investments generally, including yield-based equity investments. reduced demand for our common stock resulting from investors seeking other more favorable investment opportunities may cause the trading price of our common stock to decline.
future sales of our common stock in the public market could lower our stock price, and any additional capital raised by us through the sale of equity or convertible securities may dilute your ownership in us.
we or our stockholders may sell shares of common stock in subsequent public offerings. we may also issue additional shares of common stock or convertible securities. as of december 31, 2015, we have 56,020,266 outstanding shares of common stock. certain of our existing stockholders, including our executive officers, and certain of our directors are party to a registration rights agreement with us which requires us to affect the registration of their shares in certain circumstances no earlier than the expiration of the lock-up period contained in the underwriting agreement of our initial public offering.
we cannot predict the size of future issuances of our common stock or the effect, if any, that future issuances and sales of shares of our common stock will have on the market price of our common stock. sales of substantial amounts of our common stock (including shares issued in connection with an acquisition), or the perception that such sales could occur, may adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock.
38
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, as well as delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation authorizes our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval. if our board of directors elects to issue preferred stock, it could be more difficult for a third-party to acquire us. in addition, some provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws could make it more difficult for a third-party to acquire control of us, even if the change of control would be beneficial to our stockholders, including provisions which require:
·   a classified board of directors, so that only approximately one-third of our directors are elected each year;

·   limitations on the removal of directors; and

·   limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings and establish advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to the board of directors to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders.

delaware law prohibits us from engaging in any business combination with any "interested stockholder," meaning generally that a stockholder who beneficially owns more than 15% of our stock cannot acquire us for a period of three years from the date this person became an interested stockholder, unless various conditions are met, such as approval of the transaction by our board of directors. please read "description of our capital stock-anti-takeover effects of provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated bylaws and delaware law."
the duties of our officers and directors may conflict with those owed to the partnership and these officers and directors may face conflicts of interest in the allocation of administrative time among our business and the partnership's business.
substantially all of our officers and certain members of our board of directors are officers and/or directors of the general partner and, as a result, have separate duties that govern their management of the partnership's business. these officers and directors may encounter situations in which their obligations to us, on the one hand, and the partnership, on the other hand, are in conflict. the resolution of these conflicts may not always be in our best interest or that of our stockholders.
in addition, our officers who also serve as officers of the general partner may face conflicts in allocating their time spent on our behalf and on behalf of the partnership. these time allocations may adversely affect our or the partnership's results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. for a discussion of our officers and directors that will serve in the same capacity for the general partner and the amount of time we expect them to devote to our business, please read "management."
risks inherent in the partnership's business because we are directly dependent on the distributions we receive from the partnership, risks to the partnership's operations are also risks to us. we have set forth below risks to the partnership's business and operations, the occurrence of which could negatively impact the partnership's financial performance and decrease the amount of cash it is able to distribute to us.
the partnership has a substantial amount of indebtedness which may adversely affect its financial position.
the partnership has a substantial amount of indebtedness. as of december 31, 2015, the partnership had $4,832.9 million outstanding under its senior unsecured notes and $67.5 million of outstanding apl notes, excluding $16.4 million of unamortized net discounts and premiums. the partnership also had $219.3 million outstanding under its accounts receivable securitization facility (the "securitization facility"). in addition, the partnership had $280 million of borrowings outstanding, $12.9 million of letters of credit outstanding and $1,307.1 million of additional borrowing capacity available under the trp revolver. the $1.6 billion trp revolver allows it to request increases in commitments up to an additional $300 million. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, the partnership's consolidated interest expense, net was $231.9 million, $143.8 million and $131.0 million, respectively.
39
this substantial level of indebtedness increases the possibility that the partnership may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay, when due, the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of indebtedness. this substantial indebtedness, combined with lease and other financial obligations and contractual commitments, could have other important consequences to the partnership, including the following:
·   the partnership's ability to obtain additional financing, if necessary, for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes may be impaired or such financing may not be available on favorable terms;

·   satisfying the partnership's obligations with respect to indebtedness may be more difficult and any failure to comply with the obligations of any debt instruments could result in an event of default under the agreements governing such indebtedness;

·   the partnership will need a portion of cash flow to make interest payments on debt, reducing the funds that would otherwise be available for operations and future business opportunities;

·   the partnership's debt level will make it more vulnerable to competitive pressures or a downturn in its business or the economy generally; and

·   the partnership's debt level may limit flexibility in planning for, or responding to, changing business and economic conditions.

the partnership's long-term debt is currently rated by standard & poor's corporation ("s&p") and moody's investors service, inc. ("moody's"). as of december 31, 2015, the partnership's senior debt was rated "bb+" by s&p, until february 4, 2016, when s&p announced that it lowered the rating to "bb-". on february, 4, 2016, s&p also downgraded the company's general corporate credit rating from "b+" to "b-". as of december 31, 2016, the partnership's senior debt was rated "ba2" by moody's. any future downgrades in the partnership's credit ratings could negatively impact the cost of raising capital, and a downgrade could also adversely affect the partnership's ability to effectively execute aspects of its strategy and to access capital in the public markets.
the partnership's ability to service its debt will depend upon, among other things, its future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, some of which are beyond its control. if the partnership's operating results are not sufficient to service its current or future indebtedness, it will be forced to take actions such as reducing or delaying business activities, acquisitions, investments or capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing debt, or seeking additional equity capital, and such results may adversely affect our ability to make cash distributions. the partnership may not be able to affect any of these actions on satisfactory terms, or at all.
increases in interest rates could adversely affect the partnership's business.
the partnership has significant exposure to increases in interest rates. as of december 31, 2015, its total indebtedness was $5,399.7 million, excluding $16.4 million of unamortized net discounts and premiums, of which $4,900.4 million was at fixed interest rates and $499.3 million was at variable interest rates. a one percentage point increase in the interest rate on the partnership's variable interest rate debt would have increased its consolidated annual interest expense by approximately $5.0 million. as a result of this amount of variable interest rate debt, the partnership's financial condition could be negatively affected by increases in interest rates.
despite current indebtedness levels, the partnership may still be able to incur substantially more debt. this could increase the risks associated with the partnership's substantial leverage.
the partnership may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future. as of december 31, 2015, the partnership had $219.3 million of borrowings outstanding under its securitization facility. in addition, the partnership had $280.0 million of borrowings outstanding, $12.9 million of letters of credit outstanding and $1,307.1 million of additional borrowing capacity available under the trp revolver. the partnership may be able to increase the borrowing capacity under the trp revolver by an additional $300 million if the partnership requests and is able to obtain commitments from lenders for such additional amounts. although the trp revolver contains restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of significant qualifications and exceptions, and any indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. if the partnership incurs additional debt, the risks associated with its substantial leverage would increase.
40
the terms of the trp revolver and indentures may restrict the partnership's current and future operations, particularly its ability to respond to changes in business or to take certain actions.
the credit agreement governing the trp revolver, the agreements governing the securitization facility and the indentures governing the partnership's senior notes contain, and any future indebtedness the partnership incurs will likely contain, a number of restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions, including restrictions on its ability to engage in acts that may be in its best long-term interests. these agreements include covenants that, among other things, restrict the partnership's ability to:
·   incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or issue preferred stock;

·   pay distributions on its equity securities or to its equity holders or redeem, repurchase or retire its equity securities or subordinated indebtedness;

·   make investments and certain acquisitions;

·   pay distributions to its equity holders;

·   sell or transfer assets, including equity securities of its subsidiaries;

·   engage in affiliate transactions,

·   consolidate or merge;

·   incur liens;

·   prepay, redeem and repurchase certain debt, other than loans under the trp revolver;

·   enter into sale and lease-back transactions or take-or-pay contracts; and

·   change business activities conducted by it.

in addition, the trp revolver requires the partnership to satisfy and maintain specified financial ratios and other financial condition tests. the partnership's ability to meet those financial ratios and tests can be affected by events beyond its control, and we cannot assure you that the partnership will meet those ratios and tests.
a breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default under the trp revolver, the indentures, or the securitization facility, as applicable. upon the occurrence of such an event of default, all amounts outstanding under the applicable debt agreements could be declared to be immediately due and payable and all applicable commitments to extend further credit could be terminated. if the partnership is unable to repay the accelerated debt under the trp revolver, the lenders under the trp revolver could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. if the partnership is unable to repay the accelerated debt under the securitization facility, the lenders under the securitization facility could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the indebtedness. the partnership has pledged substantially all of its assets as collateral under the trp revolver and the accounts receivables of targa receivables llc under the securitization facility. if the indebtedness under the trp revolver, the indentures, or the securitization facility is accelerated, we cannot assure you that the partnership will have sufficient assets to repay the indebtedness. the operating and financial restrictions and covenants in these debt agreements and any future financing agreements may adversely affect the partnership's ability to finance future operations or capital needs or to engage in other business activities.
41
the partnership's cash flow is affected by supply and demand for natural gas and ngl products and by natural gas, ngl, crude oil and condensate prices, and decreases in these prices could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.
the partnership's operations can be affected by the level of natural gas and ngl prices and the relationship between these prices. the prices of crude oil, natural gas and ngls have been volatile and we expect this volatility to continue. beginning in the third quarter of 2014, crude oil and natural gas prices significantly declined and continued to decline during 2015. the duration and magnitude of the recent decline in oil, gas and ngls prices can not be predicted. the partnership's future cash flow may be materially adversely affected if it experiences significant, prolonged price deterioration. the markets and prices for natural gas and ngls depend upon factors beyond the partnership's control. these factors include demand for these commodities, which fluctuates with changes in market and economic conditions, and other factors, including:
·   the impact of seasonality and weather;

·   general economic conditions and economic conditions impacting the partnership's primary markets;

·   the economic conditions of the partnership's customers;

·   the level of domestic crude oil and natural gas production and consumption;

·   the availability of imported natural gas, liquefied natural gas, ngls and crude oil;

·   actions taken by foreign oil and gas producing nations;

·   the availability of local, intrastate and interstate transportation systems and storage for residue natural gas and ngls;

·   the availability and marketing of competitive fuels and/or feedstocks;

·   the impact of energy conservation efforts; and

·   the extent of governmental regulation and taxation.

the partnership's primary natural gas gathering and processing arrangements that expose it to commodity price risk are its percent-of-proceeds arrangements. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, the partnership's percent-of-proceeds arrangements accounted for approximately 60% and 51%, respectively, of its gathered natural gas volume. under these arrangements, the partnership generally processes natural gas from producers and remits to the producers an agreed percentage of the proceeds from the sale of residue gas and ngl products at market prices or a percentage of residue gas and ngl products at the tailgate of the partnership's processing facilities. in some percent-of-proceeds arrangements, the partnership remits to the producer a percentage of an index-based price for residue gas and ngl products, less agreed adjustments, rather than remitting a portion of the actual sales proceeds. under these types of arrangements, the partnership's revenues and cash flows increase or decrease, whichever is applicable, as the prices of natural gas, ngls and crude oil fluctuates. please see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
changes in future business conditions could cause recorded goodwill to become further impaired, and our financial condition and results of operations could suffer if there is an additional impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets with indefinite lives.
under purchase accounting for the atlas mergers, we recorded goodwill of $707.0 million. we evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually, as of november 30th, as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. during 2015, global oil and natural gas commodity prices, particularly crude oil, significantly decreased as compared to 2014. this decrease in commodity prices has had, and is expected to continue to have, a negative impact on the demand for our services and our market capitalization. based on the results of our november 30 evaluation, we have recorded a provisional goodwill impairment of $290.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 which is included in impairment expense in our consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015 and reduced the carrying value of goodwill to $417.0 million as of december 31, 2015.
42
should energy industry conditions further deteriorate, there is a possibility that goodwill may be impaired in a future period. any additional impairment charges that we may take in the future could be material to our financial statements. we cannot accurately predict the amount and timing of any impairment of goodwill. for a further discussion of our goodwill impairments, see note 4 of the "consolidated financial statements" included in this annual report.
the partnership is exposed to credit risks of its customers, and any material nonpayment or nonperformance by its key customers could adversely affect its cash flow and results of operations.
many of the partnership's customers may experience financial problems that could have a significant effect on their creditworthiness, especially in the current depressed commodity price environment. the recent decline in natural gas, ngl and crude oil prices may adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects of some of the partnership's customers. severe financial problems encountered by the partnership's customers could limit its ability to collect amounts owed to its, or to enforce performance of obligations under contractual arrangements. in addition, many of its customers finance their activities through cash flow from operations, the incurrence of debt or the issuance of equity. the combination of reduction of cash flow resulting from the recent decline in commodity prices, a reduction in borrowing bases under reserve-based credit facilities and the lack of availability of debt or equity financing may result in a significant reduction of its customers' liquidity and limit their ability to make payment or perform on their obligations to the partnership. additionally, a decline in the share price of some of the partnership's public customers may place them in danger of becoming delisted from a public securities exchange, limiting their access to the public capital markets and further restricting their liquidity. furthermore, some of the partnership's customers may be highly leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory risks, which increases the risk that they may default on their obligations to the partnership. to the extent one or more of our key customers is in financial distress or commences bankruptcy proceedings, contracts with these customers may be subject to renegotiation or rejection under applicable provisions of the united states bankruptcy code. financial problems experienced by our customers could result in the impairment of our assets, reduction of our operating cash flows and may also reduce or curtail their future use of our products and services, which could reduce our revenues. any material nonpayment or nonperformance by our key customers or our derivative counterparties could reduce our ability to make distributions to our unitholders.
because of the natural decline in production in the partnership's operating regions and in other regions from which it sources ngl supplies, its long-term success depends on its ability to obtain new sources of supplies of natural gas, ngls and crude oil which depends on certain factors beyond its control. any decrease in supplies of natural gas, ngls or crude oil could adversely affect the partnership's business and operating results.
the partnership's gathering systems are connected to crude oil and natural gas wells from which production will naturally decline over time, which means that the cash flows associated with these sources of natural gas and crude oil will likely also decline over time. the partnership's logistics assets are similarly impacted by declines in ngl supplies in the regions in which it operates as well as other regions from which it sources ngls. to maintain or increase throughput levels on the partnership's gathering systems and the utilization rate at its processing plants and its treating and fractionation facilities, the partnership must continually obtain new natural gas, ngl and crude oil supplies. a material decrease in natural gas or crude oil production from producing areas on which the partnership relies, as a result of depressed commodity prices or otherwise, could result in a decline in the volume of natural gas or crude oil that it processes, ngl products delivered to its fractionation facilities or crude oil that the partnership gathers. the partnership's ability to obtain additional sources of natural gas, ngls and crude oil depends, in part, on the level of successful drilling and production activity near its gathering systems and, in part, on the level of successful drilling and production in other areas from which it sources ngl and crude oil supplies. the partnership has no control over the level of such activity in the areas of its operations, the amount of reserves associated with the wells or the rate at which production from a well will decline. in addition, the partnership has no control over producers or their drilling or production decisions, which are affected by, among other things, prevailing and projected energy prices, demand for hydrocarbons, the level of reserves, geological considerations, governmental regulations, the availability of drilling rigs, other production and development costs and the availability and cost of capital.
fluctuations in energy prices can greatly affect production rates and investments by third parties in the development of new oil and natural gas reserves. drilling and production activity generally decreases as crude oil and natural gas prices decrease. prices of crude oil and natural gas have been historically volatile, and we expect this volatility to continue. beginning in the third quarter of 2014, crude oil and natural gas prices significantly declined and continued to decline during 2015. consequently, even if new natural gas or crude oil reserves are discovered in areas served by the partnership's assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves. for example, current low prices for natural gas combined with relatively high levels of natural gas in storage could result in curtailment or shut-in of natural gas production. reductions in exploration and production activity, competitor actions or shut-ins by producers in the areas in which the partnership operates may prevent it from obtaining supplies of natural gas or crude oil to replace the natural decline in volumes from existing wells, which could result in reduced volumes through its facilities and reduced utilization of its gathering, treating, processing and fractionation assets.
43
if the partnership does not make acquisitions or develop growth projects for expanding existing assets or constructing new midstream assets on economically acceptable terms or fails to efficiently and effectively integrate acquired or developed assets with its asset base, its future growth will be limited. in addition, any acquisitions the partnership completes are subject to substantial risks that could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations and reduce its ability to make distributions to limited partners.
the partnership's ability to grow depends, in part, on its ability to make acquisitions or develop growth projects that result in an increase in cash generated from operations. the partnership is unable to acquire businesses from us in order to grow because our only assets are the interests in the partnership that we own. as a result, the partnership will need to focus on third-party acquisitions and organic growth. if the partnership is unable to make accretive acquisitions or develop accretive growth projects because it is (1) unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates and negotiate acceptable acquisition agreements or develop growth projects economically, (2) unable to obtain financing for these acquisitions or projects on economically acceptable terms, or (3) unable to compete successfully for acquisitions or growth projects, then the partnership's future growth and ability to increase distributions will be limited.
any acquisition or growth project involves potential risks, including, among other things:
•   operating a significantly larger combined organization and adding new or expanded operations;

•   difficulties in the assimilation of the assets and operations of the acquired businesses or growth projects, especially if the assets acquired are in a new business segment and/or geographic area;

•   the risk that crude oil and natural gas reserves expected to support the acquired assets may not be of the anticipated magnitude or may not be developed as anticipated;

•   the failure to realize expected volumes, revenues, profitability or growth;

•   the failure to realize any expected synergies and cost savings;

•   coordinating geographically disparate organizations, systems and facilities;

•   the assumption of environmental and other unknown liabilities;

•   limitations on rights to indemnity from the seller in an acquisition or the contractors and suppliers in growth projects;

•   the failure to attain or maintain compliance with environmental and other governmental regulations;

•   inaccurate assumptions about the overall costs of equity or debt;

•   the diversion of management's and employees' attention from other business concerns; and

•   customer or key employee losses at the acquired businesses or to a competitor.

if these risks materialize, any acquired assets or growth project may inhibit the partnership's growth, fail to deliver expected benefits and/or add further unexpected costs. challenges may arise whenever businesses with different operations or management are combined, and the partnership may experience unanticipated delays in realizing the benefits of an acquisition or growth project. if the partnership consummates any future acquisition or growth project, its capitalization and results of operations may change significantly and you may not have the opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that the partnership will consider in evaluating future acquisitions or growth projects.
44
the partnership's acquisition and growth strategy is based, in part, on its expectation of ongoing divestitures of energy assets by industry participants and new opportunities created by industry expansion. a material decrease in such divestitures or in opportunities for economic commercial expansion would limit the partnership's opportunities for future acquisitions or growth projects and could adversely affect its operations and cash flows available for distribution to its limited partners.
acquisitions may significantly increase the partnership's size and diversify the geographic areas in which it operates and growth projects may increase its concentration in a line of business or geographic region. the partnership may not achieve the desired effect from any future acquisitions or growth projects.
the partnership's expansion or modification of existing assets or the construction of new assets may not result in revenue increases and is subject to regulatory, environmental, political, legal and economic risks, which could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.
the construction of additions or modifications to the partnership's existing systems and the construction of new midstream assets involve numerous regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties beyond its control and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital. if the partnership undertakes these projects, they may not be completed on schedule or at the budgeted cost or at all. moreover, the partnership's revenues may not increase immediately upon the expenditure of funds on a particular project. for instance, if the partnership builds a new fractionation facility or gas processing plant, the construction may occur over an extended period of time and the partnership will not receive any material increases in revenues until the project is completed. moreover, the partnership may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production in a region in which such growth does not materialize. since the partnership is not engaged in the exploration for and development of natural gas and oil reserves, it does not possess reserve expertise and it often does not have access to third-party estimates of potential reserves in an area prior to constructing facilities in such area. to the extent the partnership relies on estimates of future production in any decision to construct additions to its systems, such estimates may prove to be inaccurate because there are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of future production. as a result, new facilities may not be able to attract enough throughput to achieve the partnership's expected investment return, which could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition. in addition, the construction of additions to the partnership's existing gathering and transportation assets may require it to obtain new rights-of-way prior to constructing new pipelines. the partnership may be unable to obtain such rights-of-way to connect new natural gas supplies to its existing gathering lines or capitalize on other attractive expansion opportunities. additionally, it may become more expensive for the partnership to obtain new rights-of-way or to renew existing rights-of-way. if the cost of renewing or obtaining new rights-of-way increases, the partnership's cash flows could be adversely affected.
the partnership's acquisition and growth strategy requires access to new capital. tightened capital markets or increased competition for investment opportunities could impair the partnership's ability to grow through acquisitions or growth projects.
the partnership continuously considers and enters into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and growth projects. any limitations on the partnership's access to capital will impair its ability to execute this strategy. if the cost of such capital becomes too expensive, the partnership's ability to develop or acquire strategic and accretive assets will be limited. the partnership may not be able to raise the necessary funds on satisfactory terms, if at all. the primary factors that influence the partnership's initial cost of equity include market conditions, fees it pays to underwriters and other offering costs, which include amounts it pays for legal and accounting services. the primary factors influencing the partnership's cost of borrowing include interest rates, credit spreads, covenants, underwriting or loan origination fees and similar charges it pays to lenders. these factors may impair the partnership's ability to execute its acquisition and growth strategy.
in addition, the partnership is experiencing increased competition for the types of assets it contemplates purchasing or developing. current economic conditions and competition for asset purchases and development opportunities could limit its ability to fully execute its acquisition and growth strategy.
45
demand for propane is significantly impacted by weather conditions and therefore seasonal, and requires increases in inventory to meet seasonal demand.
weather conditions have a significant impact on the demand for propane because end-users principally utilize propane for heating purposes. warmer-than-normal temperatures in one or more regions in which the partnership operates can significantly decrease the total volume of propane it sells. lack of consumer demand for propane may also adversely affect the retailers with which the partnership transacts its wholesale propane marketing operations, exposing the partnership to retailers' inability to satisfy their contractual obligations to the partnership.
if the partnership fails to balance its purchases of natural gas and its sales of residue gas and ngls, its exposure to commodity price risk will increase.
the partnership may not be successful in balancing its purchases of natural gas and its sales of residue gas and ngls. in addition, a producer could fail to deliver promised volumes to the partnership or deliver in excess of contracted volumes, or a purchaser could purchase less than contracted volumes. any of these actions could cause an imbalance between the partnership's purchases and sales. if the partnership's purchases and sales are not balanced, it will face increased exposure to commodity price risks and could have increased volatility in its operating income.
the partnership's hedging activities may not be effective in reducing the variability of its cash flows and may, in certain circumstances, increase the variability of its cash flows. moreover, the partnership's hedges may not fully protect it against volatility in basis differentials. finally, the percentage of the partnership's expected equity commodity volumes that are hedged decreases substantially over time.
the partnership has entered into derivative transactions related to only a portion of its equity volumes. as a result, it will continue to have direct commodity price risk to the unhedged portion. the partnership's actual future volumes may be significantly higher or lower than it estimated at the time it entered into the derivative transactions for that period. if the actual amount is higher than the partnership estimated, it will have greater commodity price risk than it intended. if the actual amount is lower than the amount that is subject to its derivative financial instruments, the partnership might be forced to satisfy all or a portion of its derivative transactions without the benefit of the cash flow from its sale of the underlying physical commodity. the percentages of the partnership's expected equity volumes that are covered by its hedges decrease over time. to the extent the partnership hedges its commodity price risk; it may forego the benefits it would otherwise experience if commodity prices were to change in its favor. the derivative instruments the partnership utilizes for these hedges are based on posted market prices, which may be higher or lower than the actual natural gas, ngl and condensate prices that it realizes in its operations. these pricing differentials may be substantial and could materially impact the prices the partnership ultimately realizes. in addition, market and economic conditions may adversely affect the partnership's hedge counterparties' ability to meet their obligations. given volatility in the financial and commodity markets, the partnership may experience defaults by its hedge counterparties in the future. as a result of these and other factors, the partnership's hedging activities may not be as effective as it intended in reducing the variability of its cash flows, and in certain circumstances may actually increase the variability of its cash flows. please see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk."
if third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to the partnership's natural gas and crude oil gathering systems, terminals and processing facilities become partially or fully unavailable to transport natural gas and ngls, its revenues could be adversely affected.
the partnership depends upon third-party pipelines, storage and other facilities that provide delivery options to and from its gathering and processing facilities. since the partnership does not own or operate these pipelines or other facilities, their continuing operation in their current manner is not within its control. if any of these third-party facilities become partially or fully unavailable, or if the quality specifications for their facilities change so as to restrict the partnership's ability to utilize them, its revenues could be adversely affected.
46
the partnership's industry is highly competitive, and increased competitive pressure could adversely affect its business and operating results.
the partnership competes with similar enterprises in its respective areas of operation. some of the partnership's competitors are large crude oil, natural gas and ngl companies that have greater financial resources and access to supplies of natural gas and ngls than it does. some of these competitors may expand or construct gathering, processing, storage, terminaling and transportation systems that would create additional competition for the services the partnership provides to its customers. in addition, customers who are significant producers of natural gas may develop their own gathering, processing, storage, terminaling and transportation systems in lieu of using those operated by the partnership. the partnership's ability to renew or replace existing contracts with its customers at rates sufficient to maintain current revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected by the activities of its competitors and its customers. all of these competitive pressures could have a material adverse effect on the partnership's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the partnership typically does not obtain independent evaluations of natural gas or crude oil reserves dedicated to its gathering pipeline systems; therefore, supply volumes on its systems in the future could be less than it anticipates.
the partnership typically does not obtain independent evaluations of natural gas or crude oil reserves connected to its gathering systems due to the unwillingness of producers to provide reserve information as well as the cost of such evaluations. accordingly, the partnership does not have independent estimates of total reserves dedicated to its gathering systems or the anticipated life of such reserves. if the total reserves or estimated life of the reserves connected to the partnership's gathering systems is less than it anticipates and it is unable to secure additional sources of supply, then the volumes of natural gas or crude oil transported on its gathering systems in the future could be less than it anticipates. a decline in the volumes on the partnership's systems could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition.
a reduction in demand for ngl products by the petrochemical, refining or other industries or by the fuel or export markets, or a significant increase in ngl product supply relative to this demand, could materially adversely affect the partnership's business, results of operations and financial condition.
the ngl products the partnership produces have a variety of applications, including as heating fuels, petrochemical feedstocks and refining blend stocks. a reduction in demand for ngl products, whether because of general or industry-specific economic conditions, new government regulations, global competition, reduced demand by consumers for products made with ngl products (for example, reduced petrochemical demand observed due to lower activity in the automobile and construction industries), reduced demand for propane or butane exports whether for price or other reasons, increased competition from petroleum-based feedstocks due to pricing differences, mild winter weather for some ngl applications or other reasons, could result in a decline in the volume of ngl products the partnership handles or reduce the fees it charges for its services. also, increased supply of ngl products could reduce the value of ngls handled by the partnership and reduce the margins realized. the partnership's ngl products and their demand are affected as follows:
ethane. ethane is typically supplied as purity ethane and as part of an ethane-propane mix. ethane is primarily used in the petrochemical industry as feedstock for ethylene, one of the basic building blocks for a wide range of plastics and other chemical products. although ethane is typically extracted as part of the mixed ngl stream at gas processing plants, if natural gas prices increase significantly in relation to ngl product prices or if the demand for ethylene falls, it may be more profitable for natural gas processors to leave the ethane in the natural gas stream, thereby reducing the volume of ngls delivered for fractionation and marketing.
propane. propane is used as a petrochemical feedstock in the production of ethylene and propylene, as a heating, engine and industrial fuel, and in agricultural applications such as crop drying. changes in demand for ethylene and propylene could adversely affect demand for propane. the demand for propane as a heating fuel is significantly affected by weather conditions. the volume of propane sold is at its highest during the six-month peak heating season of october through march. demand for the partnership's propane may be reduced during periods of warmer-than-normal weather.
normal butane. normal butane is used in the production of isobutane, as a refined petroleum product blending component, as a fuel gas (either alone or in a mixture with propane) and in the production of ethylene and propylene. changes in the composition of refined petroleum products resulting from governmental regulation, changes in feedstocks, products and economics, and demand for heating fuel, ethylene and propylene could adversely affect demand for normal butane.
47
isobutane. isobutane is predominantly used in refineries to produce alkylates to enhance octane levels. accordingly, any action that reduces demand for motor gasoline or demand for isobutane to produce alkylates for octane enhancement might reduce demand for isobutane.
natural gasoline. natural gasoline is used as a blending component for certain refined petroleum products and as a feedstock used in the production of ethylene and propylene. changes in the mandated composition of motor gasoline resulting from governmental regulation, and in demand for ethylene and propylene, could adversely affect demand for natural gasoline.
ngls and products produced from ngls also compete with products from global markets. any reduced demand or increased supply for ethane, propane, normal butane, isobutane or natural gasoline in the markets the partnership accesses for any of the reasons stated above could adversely affect both demand for the services it provides and ngl prices, which could negatively impact its results of operations and financial condition.
the tax treatment of the partnership depends on its status as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes as well as its not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation by individual states. if, upon an audit of the partnership, the internal revenue service ("irs") were to treat the partnership as a corporation for federal income tax purposes now or with respect to a tax period prior to the trc/trp merger, or the partnership becomes subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, then its cash available for distribution to us would be substantially reduced.
a publicly traded partnership such as the partnership may be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes unless it satisfies a "qualifying income" requirement. based on the partnership's current operations we believe that the partnership satisfies the qualifying income requirement and will be treated as a partnership. failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause the partnership to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject the partnership to taxation as an entity. the partnership has not requested and does not plan to request a ruling from the irs with respect to its treatment as a partnership for federal income tax purposes.
if the partnership were treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, it would pay federal income tax on its taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 35%, and would likely pay state income tax at varying rates. distributions from the partnership would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions and no income, gains, losses or deductions would flow through to us. if such tax were imposed upon the partnership as a corporation now or with respect to a tax period prior to the trc/trp merger, its cash available for distribution would be substantially reduced. therefore, treatment of the partnership as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to us and could cause a substantial reduction in the value of our shares.
at the state level, because of widespread state budget deficits and other reasons, several states are evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income and franchise taxes and other forms of taxation. for example, the partnership is required to pay texas franchise tax at a maximum effective rate of 0.7% of its gross income apportioned to texas in the prior year. imposition of any similar tax on the partnership by additional states would reduce the cash available for distribution to us.
the tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or our investment in the partnership could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes and differing interpretations, possibly on a retroactive basis.
the present u.s. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including the partnership, or an investment in the partnership may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial changes or differing interpretations at any time. for example, the obama administration's budget proposal for fiscal year 2016 recommends that certain publicly traded partnerships earning income from activities related to fossil fuels be taxed as corporations beginning in 2021. from time to time, members of congress propose and consider such substantive changes to the existing federal income tax laws that affect publicly traded partnerships. if successful, the obama administration's proposal or other similar proposals could eliminate the qualifying income exception to the treatment of all publicly traded partnerships as corporations, upon which the partnership relies for its treatment as a partnership for u.s. federal income tax purposes.
48
in addition, the irs, on may 5, 2015, issued proposed regulations concerning which activities give rise to qualifying income within the meaning of section 7704 of the internal revenue code. neither we nor the partnership believes that the proposed regulations affect the partnership's ability to qualify as a publicly traded partnership. however, finalized regulations could modify the amount of the partnership's gross income that it is able to treat as qualifying income for the purposes of the qualifying income requirement and modify or revoke existing rulings, including the partnership's.
any modification to the u.s. federal income tax laws may be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for the partnership to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for u.s. federal income tax purposes. we are unable to predict whether any of these changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted. any such changes could negatively impact the value of our shares.
the partnership does not own most of the land on which its pipelines, terminals and compression facilities are located, which could disrupt its operations.
the partnership does not own most of the land on which its pipelines, terminals and compression facilities are located, and the partnership is therefore subject to the possibility of more onerous terms and/or increased costs to retain necessary land use if it does not have valid rights-of-way or leases or if such rights-of-way or leases lapse or terminate. the partnership sometimes obtains the rights to land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time. the partnership's loss of these rights, through its inability to renew right-of-way contracts or leases, or otherwise, could cause it to cease operations on the affected land, increase costs related to continuing operations elsewhere and reduce its revenue.
the partnership may be unable to cause its majority-owned joint ventures to take or not to take certain actions unless some or all of its joint venture participants agree.
the partnership participates in several majority-owned joint ventures whose corporate governance structures require at least a majority in interest vote to authorize many basic activities and require a greater voting interest (sometimes up to 100%) to authorize more significant activities. examples of these more significant activities include, among others, large expenditures or contractual commitments, the construction or acquisition of assets, borrowing money or otherwise raising capital, making distributions, transactions with affiliates of a joint venture participant, litigation and transactions not in the ordinary course of business. without the concurrence of joint venture participants with enough voting interests, the partnership may be unable to cause any of its joint ventures to take or not take certain actions, even though taking or preventing those actions may be in the best interests of the partnership or the particular joint venture.
in addition, subject to certain conditions, any joint venture owner may sell, transfer or otherwise modify its ownership interest in a joint venture, whether in a transaction involving third parties or the other joint owners. any such transaction could result in the partnership partnering with different or additional parties.
weather may limit the partnership's ability to operate its business and could adversely affect its operating results.
the weather in the areas in which the partnership operates can cause disruptions and in some cases suspension of its operations. for example, unseasonably wet weather, extended periods of below freezing weather, or hurricanes may cause disruptions or suspensions of the partnership's operations, which could adversely affect its operating results. some forecasters expect that potential climate changes may have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, floods and other climatic events and could have an adverse effect on the partnership's operations.
the partnership's business involves many hazards and operational risks, some of which may not be insured or fully covered by insurance. if a significant accident or event occurs for which it is not fully insured, if the partnership fails to recover all anticipated insurance proceeds for significant accidents or events for which it is insured, or if the partnership fails to rebuild facilities damaged by such accidents or events, its operations and financial results could be adversely affected.
the partnership's operations are subject to many hazards inherent in gathering, compressing, treating, processing and selling natural gas; storing, fractionating, treating, transporting and selling ngls and ngl products; gathering, storing and terminaling crude oil; and storing and terminaling refined petroleum products, including:
49
·   damage to pipelines and plants, related equipment and surrounding properties caused by hurricanes, tornadoes, floods, fires and other natural disasters, explosions and acts of terrorism;

·   inadvertent damage from third parties, including from motor vehicles and construction, farm or utility equipment;

·   damage that is the result of the partnership's negligence or any of its employees' negligence;

·   leaks of natural gas, ngls, crude oil and other hydrocarbons or losses of natural gas or ngls as a result of the malfunction of equipment or facilities;

·   spills or other unauthorized releases of natural gas, ngls, crude oil, other hydrocarbons or waste materials that contaminate the environment, including soils, surface water and groundwater, and otherwise adversely impact natural resources; and

·   other hazards that could also result in personal injury, loss of life, pollution and/or suspension of operations.

these risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury, loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage, and may result in curtailment or suspension of the partnership's related operations. a natural disaster or other hazard affecting the areas in which the partnership operates could have a material adverse effect on its operations. for example, in 2005 hurricanes katrina and rita damaged gathering systems, processing facilities, ngl fractionators and pipelines along the gulf coast, including certain of the partnership's facilities, and curtailed or suspended the operations of various energy companies with assets in the region. the louisiana and texas gulf coast was similarly impacted in september 2008 as a result of hurricanes gustav and ike. the partnership is not fully insured against all risks inherent to its business. additionally, while the partnership is insured for pollution resulting from environmental accidents that occur on a sudden and accidental basis, it may not be insured against all environmental accidents that might occur, some of which may result in toxic tort claims. if a significant accident or event occurs that is not fully insured, if the partnership fails to recover all anticipated insurance proceeds for significant accidents or events for which it is insured, or if the partnership fails to rebuild facilities damaged by such accidents or events, its operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. in addition, the partnership may not be able to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount it desires at reasonable rates. as a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of the partnership's insurance policies have increased substantially, and could escalate further. for example, following hurricanes katrina and rita, insurance premiums, deductibles and co-insurance requirements increased substantially, and terms were generally less favorable than terms that could be obtained prior to such hurricanes. insurance market conditions worsened as a result of the losses sustained from hurricanes gustav and ike. as a result, the partnership experienced further increases in deductibles and premiums, and further reductions in coverage and limits, with some coverage unavailable at any cost.
the partnership may incur significant costs and liabilities resulting from performance of pipeline integrity programs and related repairs.
pursuant to the authority under the ngpsa and hlpsa, as amended by the psi act, the pipes act and the 2011 pipeline safety act, phmsa has established a series of rules requiring pipeline operators to develop and implement integrity management programs for certain gas and hazardous liquids pipelines that, in the event of a pipeline leak or rupture could affect "high consequence areas," which are areas where a release could have the most significant adverse consequences, including high-population areas, certain drinking water sources and unusually sensitive ecological areas. among other things, these regulations require operators of covered pipelines to:
·   perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity;

·   identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact a high consequence area;

50
·   improve data collection, integration and analysis;

·   repair and remediate the pipeline as necessary; and

·   implement preventive and mitigating actions.

in addition, states have adopted regulations similar to existing phmsa regulations for certain intrastate gas and hazardous liquids pipelines. the partnership currently estimates an average annual cost of $5.0 million between 2016 and 2018 to implement pipeline integrity management program testing along certain segments of its gas and hazardous liquids pipelines. this estimate does not include the costs, if any, of repair, remediation or preventative or mitigative actions that may be determined to be necessary as a result of the testing program, which costs could be substantial. at this time, the partnership cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with applicable pipeline integrity management regulations, as the cost will vary significantly depending on the number and extent of any repairs found to be necessary as a result of the pipeline integrity testing. the partnership will continue its pipeline integrity testing programs to assess and maintain the integrity of its pipelines. the results of these tests could cause the partnership to incur significant and unanticipated capital and operating expenditures for repairs or upgrades deemed necessary to ensure the continued safe and reliable operation of its pipelines.
moreover, changes to pipeline safety laws by congress and regulations by phmsa that result in more stringent or costly safety standards could have a significant adverse effect on the partnership and similarly situated midstream operators. for instance, in august 2011, phmsa published an advance notice of proposed rulemaking in which the agency sought public comment on a number of changes to regulations governing the safety of gas transmission pipelines and gathering lines, including, for example, revisions to the definitions of "high consequence areas" and "gathering lines" and strengthening integrity management requirements as they apply to existing regulated operators and to currently exempt operators should certain exemptions be removed. most recently, in an august 2014 gao report to congress, the gao acknowledged phmsa's continued assessment of the safety risks posed by gathering lines and recommended that phmsa move forward with rulemaking to address larger-diameter, higher-pressure gathering lines, including subjecting such pipelines to emergency response planning requirements that currently do not apply.
unexpected volume changes due to production variability or to gathering, plant or pipeline system disruptions may increase the partnership's exposure to commodity price movements.
the partnership sells processed natural gas to third parties at plant tailgates or at pipeline pooling points. sales made to natural gas marketers and end-users may be interrupted by disruptions to volumes anywhere along the system. the partnership attempts to balance sales with volumes supplied from processing operations, but unexpected volume variations due to production variability or to gathering, plant or pipeline system disruptions may expose it to volume imbalances which, in conjunction with movements in commodity prices, could materially impact its income from operations and cash flow.
the partnership requires a significant amount of cash to service its indebtedness. the partnership's ability to generate cash depends on many factors beyond its control.
the partnership's ability to make payments on and to refinance its indebtedness and to fund planned capital expenditures depends on its ability to generate cash in the future. this, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond the partnership's control. we cannot assure you that the partnership will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, that future borrowings will be available to it under the trp revolver, that it will be able to sell its accounts receivables or make borrowings under its securitization facility, or otherwise in an amount sufficient to enable it to pay its indebtedness or to fund its other liquidity needs. the partnership may need to refinance all or a portion of its indebtedness at or before maturity. we cannot assure you that the partnership will be able to refinance any of its indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all.
failure to comply with environmental laws or regulations or an accidental release into the environment may cause the partnership to incur significant costs and liabilities.
the partnership's operations are subject to stringent federal, tribal, state and local environmental laws and regulations governing the discharge of pollutants into the environment or otherwise relating to environmental protection. these laws and regulations may impose numerous obligations that are applicable to its operations including acquisition of a permit before conducting regulated activities, restrictions on the types, quantities and concentration of materials that can be released into the environment; limitation or prohibition of construction and operating activities in environmentally sensitive areas such as wetlands, urban areas, wilderness regions and other protected areas; requiring capital expenditures to comply with pollution control requirements and imposition of substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from its operations. numerous governmental authorities, such as the epa and analogous state agencies, have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them, which can often require difficult and costly actions. failure to comply with these laws and regulations or any newly adopted laws or regulations may trigger a variety of administrative, civil and criminal penalties or other sanctions, the imposition of remedial obligations and the issuance of orders enjoining or conditioning future operations. certain environmental laws impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or waste products have been released, even under circumstances where the substances, hydrocarbons or waste have been released by a predecessor operator.
51
there is inherent risk of incurring environmental costs and liabilities in connection with the partnership's operations due to its handling of natural gas, ngls, crude oil and other petroleum products because of air emissions and product-related discharges arising out of its operations, and as a result of historical industry operations and waste disposal practices. for example, an accidental release from one of the partnership's facilities could subject it to substantial liabilities arising from environmental cleanup and restoration costs, claims made by neighboring landowners and other third parties for personal injury, natural resource and property damages and fines or penalties for related violations of environmental laws or regulations. moreover, stricter laws, regulations or enforcement policies could significantly increase the partnership's operational or compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary. the adoption of any laws, regulations or other legally enforceable mandates that result in more stringent air emission limitations or that restrict or prohibit the drilling of new oil or natural gas wells for any extended period of time could increase the partnership's oil and natural gas customers' operating and compliance costs as well as reduce the rate of production of natural gas or crude oil from operators with whom the partnership has a business relationship, which could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and cash flows.
increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could adversely impact the partnership's revenues by decreasing the volumes of natural gas, ngls or crude oil through its facilities and reducing the utilization of its assets.
while the partnership does not conduct hydraulic fracturing, many of its customers do perform such activities. hydraulic fracturing is a process used by oil and gas exploration and production operators in the completion of certain oil and gas wells whereby water, sand and chemicals are injected under pressure into subsurface formations to stimulate gas and, to a lesser extent, oil production. the process is typically regulated by state oil and gas commissions, but several federal agencies have asserted regulatory authority over and proposed or promulgated regulations governing certain aspects of the process, including the epa and united states bureau of land management ("blm"). further several federal governmental agencies are conducting reviews and studies on the environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing activities, including the white house council on environmental quality and the epa. such studies, depending on their findings, could spur additional regulatory initiatives. in addition, congress has from time to time considered the adoption of legislation to provide for federal regulation of hydraulic fracturing. at the state level, a growing number of states have adopted or are considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities, and states could elect to prohibit hydraulic fracturing altogether, as the state of new york did in 2015. in addition, local governments may seek to adopt ordinances within their jurisdictions regulating the time, place and manner of drilling activities in general or hydraulic fracturing activities in particular. if new or more stringent federal, state or local legal restrictions or prohibitions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where the partnership's oil and natural gas exploration and production customers operate, those customers could incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such requirements and experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration, development or production activities, which could reduce demand for the partnership's gathering, processing and fractionation services.
52
a change in the jurisdictional characterization of some of the partnership's assets by federal, state, tribal or local regulatory agencies or a change in policy by those agencies may result in increased regulation of its assets, which may cause its revenues to decline and operating expenses to increase or delay or increase the cost of expansion projects.
with the exception of the partnership's interest in vgs, which is subject to extensive ferc regulation, and the driver residue pipeline and tpl southtex transmission pipeline, which are each subject to more limited ferc regulation, its operations are generally exempt from ferc regulation under the nga, but ferc regulation still affects its non-ferc jurisdictional businesses and the markets for products derived from these businesses, including certain ferc reporting and posting requirements in a given year. the partnership believes that the natural gas pipelines in its gathering systems meet the traditional tests ferc has used to establish a pipeline's status as a gatherer not subject to regulation as a natural gas company. however, the distinction between ferc-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services is the subject of substantial, ongoing litigation, so the classification and regulation of the partnership's gathering facilities are subject to change based on future determinations by ferc, the courts or congress. the partnership also operates natural gas pipelines that extend from some of its processing plants to interconnections with both intrastate and interstate natural gas pipelines. those facilities, known in the industry as "plant tailgate" pipelines, typically operate at transmission pressure levels and may transport "pipeline quality" natural gas. because the partnership's plant tailgate pipelines are relatively short, the partnership treat them as "stub" lines, which are exempt from ferc's jurisdiction under the natural gas act. ferc's treatment of the "stub" line exemption has varied over time, but, absent other factors, ferc generally limits the length of the lines that qualify for the "stub" line exemption.  in addition, the courts have determined that certain pipelines that would otherwise be subject to the ica are exempt from regulation by ferc under the ica as proprietary lines. the classification of a line as a proprietary line is a fact-based determination subject to ferc and court review. accordingly, the classification and regulation of some of the partnership's gathering facilities and transportation pipelines may be subject to change based on future determinations by ferc, the courts or congress, in which case, the partnership's operating costs could increase and the partnership could be subject to enforcement actions under the ep act of 2005.
the crude oil pipeline system that is part of the badlands assets has qualified for a temporary waiver of applicable ferc regulatory requirements under the ica based on current circumstances. such waivers are subject to revocation, however, and should the pipeline's circumstances change, ferc could, either at the request of other entities or on its own initiative, assert that some or all of the transportation on this pipeline system is within its jurisdiction. in the event that ferc were to determine that this pipeline system no longer qualified for a waiver, the partnership would likely be required to file a tariff with ferc, provide a cost justification for the transportation charge, and provide service to all potential shippers without undue discrimination. such a change in the jurisdictional status of transportation on this pipeline could adversely affect the partnership's results of operations.
various federal agencies within the u.s. department of the interior, particularly the bureau of land management, office of natural resources revenue (formerly the minerals management service) and the bureau of indian affairs, along with the three affiliated tribes, promulgate and enforce regulations pertaining to operations on the fort berthold indian reservation, on which the partnership operates a significant portion of its badlands gathering and processing assets. the three affiliated tribes is a sovereign nation having the right to enforce certain laws and regulations independent from federal, state and local statutes and regulations. these tribal laws and regulations include various taxes, fees and other conditions that apply to lessees, operators and contractors conducting operations on native american tribal lands. lessees and operators conducting operations on tribal lands can generally be subject to the native american tribal court system. one or more of these factors may increase the partnership's costs of doing business on the fort berthold indian reservation and may have an adverse impact on its ability to effectively transport products within the fort berthold indian reservation or to conduct its operations on such lands.
other ferc regulations may indirectly impact the partnership's businesses and the markets for products derived from these businesses. ferc's policies and practices across the range of its natural gas regulatory activities, including, for example, its policies on open access transportation, gas quality, ratemaking, capacity release and market center promotion, may indirectly affect the intrastate natural gas market. in recent years, ferc has pursued pro-competitive policies in its regulation of interstate natural gas pipelines. however, we cannot assure you that ferc will continue this approach as it considers matters such as pipeline rates and rules and policies that may affect rights of access to transportation capacity. for more information regarding the regulation of the partnership's operations, see "item 1. business-regulation of operations."
53
should the partnership fail to comply with all applicable ferc-administered statutes, rules, regulations and orders, it could be subject to substantial penalties and fines.
under the ep act of 2005, ferc has civil penalty authority under the nga to impose penalties for current violations of up to $1 million per day for each violation and disgorgement of profits associated with any violation. while the partnership's systems other than vgs and the driver residue pipeline have not been regulated by ferc as a natural gas company under the nga, ferc has adopted regulations that may subject certain of its otherwise non-ferc jurisdictional facilities to ferc annual reporting and daily scheduled flow and capacity posting requirements. additional rules and legislation pertaining to those and other matters may be considered or adopted by ferc from time to time. failure to comply with those regulations in the future could subject the partnership to civil penalty liability. for more information regarding regulation of the partnership's operations, see "item 1. business-regulation of operations."
the adoption of climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of ghgs could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the products and services the partnership provides.
based on determinations made by the epa that ghg emissions endanger public health and the environment because emissions of such gases are contributing to warming of the earth's atmosphere and other climatic changes, the epa has adopted rules related to ghg emissions under the clean air act. among other things, those rules establish psd construction and title v operating permit reviews for ghg emissions from certain large stationary sources that are also potential major sources of criteria pollutant emissions. in addition, the epa has adopted rules requiring the monitoring and annual reporting of ghg emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas system sources in the united states, including, among others, onshore processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities. in october 2015, the epa published a final rule that expanded the petroleum and natural gas system sources for which annual ghg emissions reporting is required to include, beginning for the 2016 reporting year, certain onshore gathering and boosting systems consisting primarily of gathering pipelines, compressors and process equipment used to perform natural gas compression, dehydration and acid gas removal. moreover, the epa proposed in august 2015 rules that will establish emissions standards for methane and volatile organic compounds ("vocs") from new and modified oil and natural gas production and natural gas processing and transmission facilities as part of the obama administration's efforts to reduce methane emissions from the oil and natural gas sector by up to 45 percent from 2012 levels by 2025.  the epa is expected to finalize the rules in 2016. furthermore, the epa has passed a rule, known as the clean power plan, to limit ghgs from power plants. depending on the methods used to implement the rule, it could reduce demand for the oil and natural gas our customers produce. while congress has from time to time considered adopting legislation to reduce emissions of ghgs, there has not been significant activity in the form of adopted legislation.  in the absence of such federal climate legislation, a number of state and regional efforts have emerged that are aimed at tracking and/or reducing ghg emissions by means of cap and trade programs. the adoption of any legislation or regulations that requires reporting of ghgs or otherwise restricts emissions of ghgs from the partnership's equipment and operations could require us to incur significant added costs to reduce emissions of ghgs or could adversely affect demand for the natural gas and ngls the partnership gathers and processes or fractionates. moreover, if congress undertakes comprehensive tax reform in the coming year, it is possible that such reform may include a carbon tax, which could impose additional direct costs on operations and reduce demand for refined products, which could adversely affect the services the partnership provides. finally, some scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of ghgs in the earth's atmosphere may produce climate change that could have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, and floods and other climatic events; if such effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our or our customers' operations.
federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to pipeline safety that require the use of new or more stringent safety controls or result in more stringent enforcement of applicable legal requirements could subject the partnership to increased capital costs, operational delays and costs of operation.
the 2011 pipeline safety act is the most recent federal legislation to amend the ngpsa and hlpsa pipeline safety laws, requiring increased safety measures for gas and hazardous liquids pipelines. among other things, the 2011 pipeline safety act directs the secretary of transportation to promulgate regulations relating to expanded integrity management requirements, automatic or remote-controlled valve use, excess flow valve use, leak detection system installation, testing to confirm the material strength of certain pipelines and operator verification of records confirming the maximum allowable pressure of certain intrastate gas transmission pipelines. the 2011 pipeline safety act also increases the maximum penalty for violation of pipeline safety regulations from $100,000 to $200,000 per violation per day and also from $1 million to $2 million for a related series of violations. the safety enhancement requirements and other provisions of the 2011 pipeline safety act as well as any implementation of phmsa regulations thereunder or any issuance or reinterpretation of guidance by phmsa or any state agencies with respect thereto could require us to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in the partnership's incurring increased operating costs that could have a material adverse effect on the partnership's results of operations or financial position.  for example, on october 13, 2015, phmsa proposed new more stringent regulations for hazardous liquid pipelines, including extending certain integrity management assessment and repair requirements to pipelines not currently subject to integrity management regulations and requiring that all pipelines have a means of detecting leaks. the public comment period for these proposed regulations ended on january 8, 2016, and phmsa may finalize the proposed regulations in 2016. additionally, phmsa and one or more state regulators, including the rrc, have in recent years expanded the scope of their regulatory inspections to include certain in-plant equipment and pipelines found within ngl fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities, to assess compliance with hazardous liquids pipeline safety requirements. to the extent that phmsa and/or state regulatory agencies are successful in asserting their jurisdiction in this manner, midstream operators of ngl fractionation facilities and associated storage facilities may be required to make operational changes or modifications at their facilities to meet standards beyond current osha, psm and epa rmp requirements, which changes or modifications may result in additional capital costs, possible operational delays and increased costs of operation that, in some instances, may be significant.
54
the enactment of derivatives legislation could have an adverse effect on the partnership's ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with its business.
the dodd-frank wall street reform and consumer protection act (the "dodd-frank act"), enacted on july 21, 2010, established federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as the partnership, that participate in that market. the dodd-frank act requires the cftc and the sec to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the dodd-frank act. although the cftc has finalized certain regulations, others remain to be finalized or implemented and it is not possible at this time to predict when this will be accomplished.
in november 2013, the cftc proposed new rules that would place limits on positions in certain core futures and equivalent swaps contracts for or linked to certain physical commodities, subject to exceptions for certain bona fide hedging transactions. as these new position limit rules are not yet final, the impact of those provisions on us is uncertain at this time.
the cftc has designated certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps for mandatory clearing and the associated rules also will require the partnership, in connection with covered derivative activities, to comply with clearing and trade-execution requirements or take steps to qualify for an exemption to such requirements. although the partnership qualifies for the end-user exception from the mandatory clearing requirements for swaps entered to hedge its commercial risks, the application of the mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may change the cost and availability of the swaps that the partnership uses for hedging. in addition, for uncleared swaps, the cftc or federal banking regulators may require end-users to enter into credit support documentation and/or post initial and variation margin. posting of collateral could impact liquidity and reduce cash available to the partnership for capital expenditures, therefore reducing its ability to execute hedges to reduce risk and protect cash flows. the proposed margin rules are not yet final, and therefore the impact of those provisions to the partnership is uncertain at this time.
the dodd-frank act also may require the counterparties to the partnership's derivative instruments to spin off some of their derivatives activities to a separate entity, which may not be as creditworthy as the current counterparty.
the full impact of the dodd-frank act and related regulatory requirements upon the partnership's business will not be known until the regulations are implemented and the market for derivatives contracts has adjusted. the dodd-frank act and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts, materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of derivatives to protect against risks the partnership encounters, reduce its ability to monetize or restructure its existing derivative contracts or increase its exposure to less creditworthy counterparties. if the partnership reduces its use of derivatives as a result of the dodd-frank act and regulations implementing the dodd-frank act, its results of operations may become more volatile and its cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect its ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures.
55
finally, the dodd-frank act was intended, in part, to reduce the volatility of oil and natural gas prices, which some legislators attributed to speculative trading in derivatives and commodity instruments related to oil and natural gas. the partnership's revenues could therefore be adversely affected if a consequence of the dodd-frank act and implementing regulations is to lower commodity prices.
any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on the partnership, its financial condition and its results of operations.
the partnership's interstate common carrier liquids pipelines are regulated by the ferc.
targa ngl has interstate ngl pipelines that are considered common carrier pipelines subject to regulation by ferc under the ica. more specifically, targa ngl owns a twelve-inch diameter pipeline that runs between lake charles, louisiana and mont belvieu, texas. this pipeline can move mixed ngl and purity ngl products. targa ngl also owns an eight-inch diameter pipeline and a twenty-inch diameter pipeline, each of which run between mont belvieu, texas and galena park, texas. the eight-inch and the twenty-inch pipelines are part of an extensive mixed ngl and purity ngl pipeline receipt and delivery system that provides services to domestic and foreign import and export customers. the ica requires that the partnership maintain tariffs on file with ferc for each of these pipelines. those tariffs set forth the rates the partnership charges for providing transportation services as well as the rules and regulations governing these services. the ica requires, among other things, that rates on interstate common carrier pipelines be "just and reasonable" and nondiscriminatory. all shippers on these pipelines are the partnership's subsidiaries.
terrorist attacks and the threat of terrorist attacks have resulted in increased costs to the partnership's business. continued hostilities in the middle east or other sustained military campaigns may adversely impact the partnership's results of operations.
the long-term impact of terrorist attacks, such as the attacks that occurred on september 11, 2001, and the threat of future terrorist attacks on the partnership's industry in general and on the partnership in particular is not known at this time. however, resulting regulatory requirements and/or related business decisions associated with security are likely to increase the partnership's costs.
increased security measures taken by the partnership as a precaution against possible terrorist attacks have resulted in increased costs to its business. uncertainty surrounding continued hostilities in the middle east or other sustained military campaigns may affect the partnership's operations in unpredictable ways, including disruptions of crude oil supplies and markets for its products, and the possibility that infrastructure facilities could be direct targets, or indirect casualties, of an act of terror.
changes in the insurance markets attributable to terrorist attacks may make certain types of insurance more difficult for the partnership to obtain. moreover, the insurance that may be available to the partnership may be significantly more expensive than its existing insurance coverage or coverage may be reduced or unavailable. instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism or war could also affect the partnership's ability to raise capital.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations

the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and notes included in part iv of this annual report. also, the partnership files a separate annual report on form 10-k with the sec.
overview financial presentation targa resources corp. is a publicly traded delaware corporation formed in october 2005. our common stock is listed on the nyse under the symbol "trgp." in this annual report, unless the context requires otherwise, references to "we," "us," "our," the "company," or "targa" are intended to mean our consolidated business and operations.
we own all of the general partner interest, incentive distribution rights ("idrs") and outstanding common units in the partnership, a delaware limited partnership, that is a leading united states provider of midstream natural gas and ngl services, with a growing presence in crude oil gathering and petroleum terminaling. common units of the partnership were listed on the nyse under the symbol "ngls" prior to our acquisition of all of the outstanding common units not already owned by us on february 17, 2016. preferred units of the partnership are listed on the nyse under the symbol "ngls pra."
our primary business objective is to increase our cash available for dividends to our stockholders by assisting the partnership in executing its business strategy. we may potentially facilitate the partnership's growth through various forms of financial support, including, but not limited to, making loans, making capital contributions in exchange for yielding or non-yielding equity interests or providing other financial support to the partnership to support its ability to make distributions. we also may potentially enter into other economic transactions intended to increase our ability to make cash available for dividends over time. in addition, we may potentially acquire assets that could be candidates for acquisition by the partnership, potentially after operational or commercial improvement or further development.
an indirect subsidiary of ours is the general partner of the partnership. because we control the general partner, under gaap we must reflect our ownership interest in the partnership on a consolidated basis. accordingly, the partnership's financial results are included in our consolidated financial statements even though the distribution or transfer of partnership assets are limited by the terms of the partnership agreement, as well as restrictive covenants in the partnership's lending agreements. the limited partner interests in the partnership not owned by us on certain dates are reflected in our results of operations as net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. therefore, throughout this discussion, we make a distinction where relevant between financial results of the partnership versus those of us as a standalone parent including our non-partnership subsidiaries.
the partnership files its own separate annual report. the financial results presented in our consolidated financial statements will differ from the consolidated financial statements of the partnership primarily due to the effects of:
·   our separate debt obligations;

·   federal income taxes;

·   certain retained general and administrative costs applicable to us as a public company;

·   certain administrative assets and liabilities incumbent as a provider of operational and support services to the partnership;

·   certain non-operating assets and liabilities that we retained;

·   partnership distributions and earnings allocable to third-party preferred unitholders, if applicable, which are included in non-controlling interest in our statements; and

65
·   partnership distributions applicable to our general partner interest, idrs and investment in partnership common units. while these are eliminated when preparing our consolidated financial statements, they nonetheless are the primary source of cash flow that supports the payment of dividends to our stockholders.

our operations currently, we have no separate, direct operating activities apart from those conducted by the partnership. as such, our cash inflows will primarily consist of cash distributions from our interests in the partnership. the partnership is required to distribute all available cash at the end of each quarter after establishing reserves to provide for the proper conduct of its business or to provide for future distributions.
on february 17, 2016, we completed the previously announced transactions contemplated by the trc/trp merger agreement, pursuant to which we acquired indirectly all of our outstanding common units that we and our subsidiaries did not already own. upon the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, merger sub merged with and into trp, with trp continuing as the surviving entity and as a subsidiary of trc.
at the effective time of the trc/trp merger, each outstanding trp common unit not owned by us or our subsidiaries was converted into the right to receive 0.62 shares of our common stock. no fractional shares were issued in the trc/trp merger, and trp common unitholders instead received cash in lieu of fractional shares.
as we control the partnership, the changes in our ownership interest in the partnership will be accounted for as an equity transaction and no gain or loss will be recognized in our consolidated statements of income resulting from the trc/trp merger. in addition, the tax effects of the trc/trp merger are reported as adjustments to our additional paid-in capital.
the partnership's operations the partnership is a leading provider of midstream natural gas and ngl services in the united states, with a growing presence in crude oil gathering and petroleum terminaling. in connection with these business activities, the partnership buys and sells natural gas, ngls and ngl products, crude oil, condensate and refined products.
the partnership is engaged in the business of:
·   gathering, compressing, treating, processing and selling natural gas;

·   storing, fractionating, treating, transporting and selling ngls and ngl products, including services to lpg exporters;

·   gathering, storing and terminaling crude oil; and

·   storing, terminaling and selling refined petroleum products.

the partnership reports its operations in two divisions: (i) gathering and processing, consisting of two reportable segments - (a) field gathering and processing and (b) coastal gathering and processing; and (ii) logistics and marketing, consisting of two reportable segments - (a) logistics assets and (b) marketing and distribution. the operating margin results of its hedging activities are reported in other.
the partnership's gathering and processing division includes assets used in the gathering of natural gas produced from oil and gas wells and processing this raw natural gas into merchantable natural gas by extracting ngls and removing impurities and assets used for crude oil gathering and terminaling. the field gathering and processing segment's assets are located in the permian basin of west texas and southeast new mexico; the eagle ford shale in south texas; the barnett shale in north texas; the anadarko, ardmore, and arkoma basins in oklahoma and south central kansas; and the williston basin in north dakota. the coastal gathering and processing segment's assets are located in the onshore and near offshore regions of the louisiana gulf coast and the gulf of mexico.
66
the partnership's logistics and marketing division is also referred to as its downstream business. the partnership's downstream business includes all the activities necessary to convert mixed ngls into ngl products and provides certain value-added services such as the fractionation, storage, terminaling, transportation, exporting, distribution and marketing of ngls and ngl products; the storing and terminaling of refined petroleum products and crude oil; and certain natural gas supply and marketing activities in support of the partnership's other businesses, as well as transporting natural gas and ngls.
the partnership's logistics assets segment is involved in transporting, storing, and fractionating mixed ngls; storing, terminaling, and transporting finished ngls, including services for exporting lpgs; and storing and terminaling of refined petroleum products. these assets are generally connected to and supplied in part by the partnership's gathering and processing segments and are predominantly located in mont belvieu and galena park, texas, in lake charles, louisiana and in tacoma, washington.
the partnership's marketing and distribution segment covers activities required to distribute and market raw and finished ngls and all natural gas marketing activities. it includes (1) marketing the partnership's own ngl production and purchasing ngl products for resale in selected united states markets; (2) providing lpg balancing services to refinery customers; (3) transporting, storing and selling propane and providing related propane logistics services to multi-state retailers, independent retailers and other end-users; (4) providing propane, butane and services to lpg exporters; and (5) marketing natural gas available to the partnership from its gathering and processing division and the purchase and resale and other value added activities related to third-party natural gas in selected united states markets.
other contains the results (including any hedge ineffectiveness) of the partnership's commodity hedging activities included in operating margin and the mark-to-market gains/losses related to derivative contracts that were not designated as cash-flow hedges.
trc/trp merger on february 17, 2016, trc completed the previously announced transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, by and among us, our general partner, trp and spartan merger sub llc, a subsidiary of trc ("merger sub") pursuant to which trc acquired indirectly all of the partnership's outstanding common units that trc and its subsidiaries did not already own. upon the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, merger sub merged with and into trp, with trp continuing as the surviving entity and as a subsidiary of trc.
at the effective time of the trc/trp merger, each outstanding trp common unit not owned by trc or its subsidiaries was converted into the right to receive 0.62 trc shares. no fractional trc shares were issued in the trc/trp merger, and trp common unitholders instead received cash in lieu of fractional trc shares.
2015 developments atlas mergers on february 27, 2015, targa completed the atlas mergers. in connection with the atlas mergers, apl changed its name to "targa pipeline partners lp," which we refer to as tpl, and atls changed its name to "targa energy lp."
tpl is a provider of natural gas gathering, processing and treating services primarily in the anadarko, ardmore, arkoma and permian basins located in the southwestern and mid-continent regions of the united states and in the eagle ford shale play in south texas. the atlas mergers add tpl's woodford/scoop, mississippi lime, eagle ford and additional permian assets to the partnership's existing operations. in total, tpl adds 2,053 mmcf/d of processing capacity and 12,220 miles of additional pipeline. the results of tpl are reported in our field gathering and processing segment.
pursuant to the idr giveback amendment entered into in conjunction with the atlas mergers, idrs of $9.375 million were allocated to common unitholders for each quarter of 2015 commencing with the first quarter of 2015. the idr giveback amendment covers sixteen quarters following the completion of the atlas mergers on february 27, 2015 and resulted in reallocation of idr payments to common unitholders -in the amount of $9.375 million per quarter for 2015, and will result in reallocation of idr payments to common unitholders in the amount of $6.25 million in the first quarter of 2016.
67
logistics and marketing segment expansion cedar bayou fractionator train 5
in july 2014, the partnership approved construction of a 100 mbbl/d fractionator at cbf. the 100 mbbl/d expansion will be fully integrated with the partnership's existing gulf coast ngl storage, terminaling and delivery infrastructure, which includes an extensive network of connections to key petrochemical and industrial customers as well as the partnership's lpg export terminal at galena park on the houston ship channel. construction has been underway and is continuing and the partnership expects completion of construction in second quarter of 2016. construction of the expansion has proceeded without disruption to existing operations, and we estimate that total growth capital expenditures net to our 88% interest for the expansion and the related infrastructure enhancements at mont belvieu should approximate $340 million.
channelview splitter on december 27, 2015, targa terminals and noble entered into the splitter agreement under which targa terminals will build and operate a 35,000 barrel per day crude and condensate splitter at targa terminals' channelview terminal on the houston ship channel ("channelview splitter"). the channelview splitter will have the capability to split approximately 35,000 barrels per day of condensate into its various components, including naphtha, kerosene, gas oil, jet fuel, and liquefied petroleum gas and will provide segregated storage for the crude, condensate and components. the channelview splitter is expected to be completed by early 2018, and has an estimated total cost of approximately $130 million to $150 million. the partnership's current total project capital expenditure estimate is higher than in the original announcement in march 2014 because of changes in project scope and anticipated increases in costs for engineering, procurement and construction services and/or materials, including labor costs. as contemplated by the december 2014 agreement, the splitter agreement completes and terminates the december 2014 agreement while retaining the partnership's economic benefits from that agreement.
field gathering and processing segment expansion badlands little missouri 3
in the first quarter of 2015, the partnership completed the 40 mmcf/d little missouri 3 plant expansion in mckenzie county, north dakota, that increased capacity to 90 mmcf/d.
permian basin buffalo plant in april 2014, tpl announced plans to build a new plant and expand the gathering footprint of its westtx system. this project includes the laying of a new high pressure gathering line into martin and andrews counties of texas, as well as incremental compression and a new 200 mmcf/d cryogenic processing plant, known as the buffalo plant, which is now expected to be completed during the second quarter of 2016. total net growth capital expenditures for the buffalo plant should approximate $105 million.
eagle ford shale natural gas processing joint venture in october 2015, the partnership announced that it entered into joint venture agreements with sanchez to construct the raptor plant and approximately 45 miles of associated pipelines. the partnership expects to invest approximately $125 million of growth capital expenditures related to the joint ventures, and assuming full contribution from sanchez, will have a 50% interest in the plant and the approximately 45 miles of high pressure gathering pipelines that will connect sanchez's catarina gathering system to the plant. the partnership will hold all of the transportation capacity on the pipeline and the gathering joint venture receives fees for transportation.
the raptor plant will accommodate the growing production from sanchez's premier eagle ford shale acreage position in dimmit, la salle and webb counties, texas and from other third party producers. the plant and high pressure gathering lines are supported by long-term, firm, fee-based contracts and acreage dedications with sanchez. the partnership will manage construction and operations of the plant and high pressure gathering lines, and the plant is expected to begin operations in early 2017. prior to the plant being placed in-service, the partnership will benefit from sanchez natural gas volumes that will be processed at our silver oak facilities in bee county, texas.
68
in addition to the major projects in process noted above, the partnership potentially has other growth capital expenditures in 2016 related to the continued build out of its gathering and processing infrastructure and logistics capabilities. in the current depressed market environment, the partnership will evaluate these potential projects based on return profile, capital requirements and strategic need and may choose to defer projects depending on expected activity levels.
accounts receivable securitization facility the securitization facility provides up to $225.0 million of borrowing capacity at libor market index rates plus a margin through december 9, 2016. under the securitization facility, targa midstream services llc ("tms"), a consolidated subsidiary of the partnership, contributes receivables to targa gas marketing llc ("tgm"), a consolidated subsidiary of the partnership, and tgm and  another consolidated subsidiary of the partnership (targa liquids marketing and trade llc ("tlmt")) sell or contribute receivables, without recourse, to another of its consolidated subsidiaries (targa receivables llc or "trllc"), a special purpose consolidated subsidiary created for the sole purpose of the securitization facility. trllc, in turn, sells an undivided percentage ownership in the eligible receivables to a third-party financial institution. receivables up to the amount of the outstanding debt under the securitization facility are not available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of tlmt, tms, tgm or the partnership. any excess receivables are eligible to satisfy the claims of creditors of tlmt, tms, tgm or the partnership. as of december 31, 2015, total funding under the securitization facility was $219.3 million.
distributions during 2015, the partnership paid cash distributions of $3.28 per unit, an increase of approximately six percent compared with the $3.09 per unit paid during 2014. in january 2016, the general partner declared a cash distribution of $0.825 per unit ($3.30 on an annualized basis) for the fourth quarter 2015, an increase of approximately two percent compared with the $ 0.81 per unit declared in january 2015.
other financing activities in connection with the closing of the atlas mergers, we entered into the trc credit agreement, dated as of february 27, 2015, among us, each lender from time to time party thereto and bank of america, n.a. as administrative agent, collateral agent, swing line lender and letter of credit issuer. the trc credit agreement provides for a new five year revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount up to $670 million and a seven year term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $430 million. we used the net proceeds from the term loan issuance and the revolving credit facility to fund cash components of the atls merger, including cash merger consideration and approximately $160 million related to change of control payments made by atls, cash settlements of equity awards and transaction fees and expenses. in march 2015, we repaid $188.0 million of the term loan and wrote off $3.3 million of the discount and $5.7 million of debt issuance costs. in june 2015, we repaid $82.0 million of the term loan and wrote off $1.4 million of the discount and $2.4 million of debt issuance costs. the write-off of the discount and debt issuance costs are reflected as loss from financing activities on the consolidated statements of operations.
in january 2015, the partnership and targa resources partners finance corporation (collectively, the "partnership issuers") issued $1.1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5% notes resulting in approximately $1,089.8 million of net proceeds after costs, which were used together with borrowings under the trp revolver, to fund the apl notes tender offers and the change of control offer.
in february 2015, the partnership amended the trp revolver to increase available commitments to $1.6 billion from $1.2 billion while retaining the partnership's right to request up to an additional $300.0 million in commitment increases. the partnership used proceeds from borrowings under the credit facility to fund some of the cash components of the apl merger, including $701.4 million for the repayments of the apl revolver and $28.8 million related to change of control payments. in connection with the 58,614,157 common units issued in the atlas mergers in february 2015, we contributed an additional $52.4 million to the partnership to maintain our 2% general partner interest.
69
in may 2015, the partnership entered into the may 2015 eda, pursuant to which it may sell through its sales agents, at its option, up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of common units. during the year ended december 31, 2015, the partnership issued 7,377,380 common units under its edas, receiving proceeds of $316.1 million (net of commissions). as of december 31, 2015, approximately $4.2 million of capacity and $835.6 million of capacity remain under the may 2014 and may 2015 edas. during the year ended december 31, 2015 we contributed $6.5 million to the partnership to maintain our 2% general partner interest. pursuant to the trc/trp merger agreement, trc has agreed to cause the trp common units to be delisted from the nyse and deregistered under the exchange act. as a result of the completion of the trc/trp merger, the trp common units are no longer publicly traded.
in may 2015, the partnership issuers issued $342.1 million aggregate principal amount of the trp 65⁄8% notes to holders of the 2020 apl notes, which were validly tendered for exchange.
in september 2015, the partnership issuers issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 63⁄4% notes resulting in approximately $595.0 million of net proceeds after costs, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes.
in october 2015, the partnership completed an offering of 4,400,000 preferred units at a price of $25.00 per unit. the partnership sold an additional 600,000 preferred units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters' overallotment option. the partnership received net proceeds after costs of approximately $121.1 million. the partnership used the net proceeds from this offering to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes. as of december 31, 2015, the partnership has paid $1.5 million in distributions to its preferred unitholders. see note 11 - partnership units and related matters. the preferred units remain outstanding as limited partner interests in trp and continue to trade on the nyse under the symbol "ngls pra."
in december 2015, the partnership repurchased on the open market a portion of its various series of outstanding senior notes paying $14.3 million plus accrued interest to repurchase $17.9 million of the outstanding balances. the december 2015 senior note repurchases resulted in a $3.6 million gain on debt repurchase and a write-off of $0.1 million in related deferred debt issuance costs.
apl merger financing activities apl senior notes tender offers in january 2015, the partnership commenced cash tender offers for any and all of the outstanding fixed rate senior secured notes to be acquired in the apl merger, referred to as the apl notes tender offers, which totaled $1.55 billion.
the results of the apl notes tender offers were:
senior notes     outstanding                amount              premium              accrued               total tender      % tendered          note balance note balance              tendered               paid               interest                 offer                              after tender paid                  payments                               offers

($ amounts in millions)
65⁄8% due 2020            $500.0                $140.1                $2.1                  $3.7                    $145.9           28.02   %            $359.9
43⁄4% due 2021             400.0                 393.5                 5.9                   5.3                     404.7           98.38   %               6.5
57⁄8% due 2023             650.0                 601.9                 8.7                   2.6                     613.2           92.60   %              48.1
total          $1,550.0              $1,135.5               $16.7                 $11.6                  $1,163.8                                $414.5
in connection with the apl notes tender offers, on february 27, 2015, the supplemental indentures governing the 43⁄4% senior notes due 2021 (the "2021 apl notes") and the 57⁄8% senior notes due 2023 (the "2023 apl notes") of tpl and targa pipeline finance corporation (formerly known as atlas pipeline finance corporation) (together, the "apl issuers"), became operative. these supplemental indentures eliminated substantially all of the restrictive covenants and certain events of default applicable to the 2021 apl notes and the 2023 apl notes that were not accepted for payment.
not having achieved the minimum tender condition on the 65⁄8% senior notes due 2020 of the apl issuers (the "2020 apl notes"), the partnership made a change of control offer, referred to as the change of control offer, for any and all of the 2020 apl notes in advance of, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the apl merger. in march 2015, holders representing $4.8 million of the outstanding 2020 apl notes tendered their notes requiring a payment of $5.0 million, which included the change of control premium and accrued interest.
70
payments made under the apl notes tender offers and change of control offer totaling $1,168.8 million are presented as financing activities for the partnership in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
recent accounting pronouncements in may 2014, the financial accounting standards board ("fasb") issued accounting standard update ("asu") no. 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), which supersedes the revenue recognition requirements in topic 605, revenue recognition, and most industry-specific guidance. the update also creates a new subtopic 340-40, other assets and deferred costs - contracts with customers, which provides guidance for the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer and those costs incurred in fulfilling a contract with a customer that are not in the scope of another topic. the new revenue standard requires that entities should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entities expect to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. to achieve that core principle, the standard requires a five step process of identifying the contracts with customers, identifying the performance obligations in the contracts, determining the transaction price, allocating the transaction price to the performance obligations, and recognizing revenue when, or as, the performance obligations are satisfied. the amendment also requires enhanced disclosures regarding the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from contracts with customers.
the revenue recognition standard is effective for the annual period beginning december 15, 2017, and for annual and interim periods thereafter. earlier adoption is permitted only as of annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within that reporting period. we must retroactively apply the new revenue recognition standard to transactions in all prior periods presented, but will have a choice between either (1) restating each prior period presented or (2) presenting a cumulative effect adjustment in the period the amendment is adopted. we expect to adopt this guidance on january 1, 2018 and are continuing to evaluate the impact on our revenue recognition practices.
in november 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-16, derivatives and hedging (topic 815): determining whether the host contract in a hybrid financial instrument issued in the form of a share is more akin to debt or to equity (a consensus of the fasb emerging issues task force). the amendments in this update clarify how current gaap should be interpreted in evaluating the economic characteristics and risks of a host contract in a hybrid financial instrument that is issued in the form of a share. these amendments have been adopted, with no material impact on our consolidated financial statements or results of operations.
in february 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-02, consolidation (topic 810): amendments to the consolidation analysis. the amendments in this update are intended to simplify the consolidation evaluation for reporting organizations that are required to evaluate whether they should consolidate certain legal entities and modify the evaluation of whether limited partnerships and similar legal entities are variable interest entities or voting interest entities. our analysis of the amendments indicates that we will continue to consolidate the partnership upon the adoption of this guidance in the first quarter of 2016. we are currently evaluating the effect of the amendments by revisiting our consolidation model for each of our less-than-wholly owned subsidiaries and do not expect the amendments to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements or related disclosures.
in april 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-03, interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs. the amendments in this update require that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability (other than revolving credit facilities) be presented in the consolidated balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. this update deals solely with financial statement display matters; recognition and measurement of debt issuance costs are unaffected. unamortized debt issuance costs of $42.7 million and $29.9 million for term loans and notes were included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014. in august 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-15, interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30): presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements. the amendment clarifies asu 2015-03 and provides that an entity may defer and present debt issuance costs for a line-of-credit or other revolving credit facility arrangement as an asset and subsequently amortize the deferred debt issuance costs ratably over the term of the arrangement, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the arrangement. unamortized debt issuance costs of $14.4 million and $8.4 million for revolving credit facilities were included in other long-term assets on the consolidated balance sheets as of december 31, 2015 and december 31, 2014. we will continue to include debt issuance costs for our line-of-credit and revolving credit facility arrangements in other long-term assets upon adoption of asu 2015-03. these amendments are effective for us on january 1, 2016.
71
in july 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-11, inventory (topic 303): simplifying the measurement of inventory. topic 303 currently requires inventory to be measured at the lower of cost or market, where market could be replacement cost, net realizable value or net realizable value less a normal profit margin. the amendments in this update require that all inventory, excluding inventory that is measured using the last-in, first-out method or the retail inventory method, be measured at the lower of cost or net realizable value. net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. these amendments have been adopted, with no impact on our consolidated financial statements or results of operations.
in september 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-16, business combinations (topic 805): simplifying the accounting for measurement-period adjustments. topic 805 currently requires that adjustments to provisional amounts recorded in a business combination be recognized retrospectively as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. the amendments in this update require that an acquirer recognize these measurement-period adjustments in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined, with the effect on earnings of changes in depreciation, amortization or other income effects, if any, as a result of the change to the provisional amounts, calculated as if the accounting had been completed at the acquisition date. the amendments require disclosure of the amount recorded in current-period earnings that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. the amendments are effective for us in 2016, with early adoption permitted. we adopted the amendments on september 30, 2015 and have recognized the measurement-period adjustments for the atlas mergers determined in the three months ended december 31, 2015 in current period earnings. see note 4 - business acquisitions for additional information regarding the nature and amount of the measurement-period adjustments.
in november 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-17, income taxes (topic 740): balance sheet classification of deferred taxes. the amendments in this update require that deferred tax asset and liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the consolidated balance sheet. we adopted these amendments retrospectively on december 31, 2015. as a result, we have revised our december 31, 2014 consolidated balance sheet to reclassify $0.1 million of current deferred income tax assets to noncurrent and $0.6 million  of current deferred tax liabilities to noncurrent.
in february 2016, the fasb issued asu 2016-02, leases (topic 842). the amendments in this update require, among other things, that lessees recognize the following for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date: (1) a lease liability, which is a lessee's obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted basis; and (2) a right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee's right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for the lease term. lessees and lessors must apply a modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented in the financial statements. we expect to adopt the amendments in the first quarter of 2019 and are currently evaluating the impacts of the amendments to our financial statements and accounting practices for leases.
factors that significantly affect the partnership's results the partnership's results of operations are substantially impacted by changes in commodity prices, the volumes that move through its gathering, processing and logistics assets, contract terms, the impact of hedging activities and the cost to operate and support assets.
72
commodity prices the following table presents selected annual and quarterly industry index prices for natural gas, selected ngl products and crude oil for the periods presented:
average quarterly &amp;    natural gas $/mmbtu (1)      illustrative targa ngl     crude oil $/bbl (3)
annual prices                                            $/gal (2)

2016
1st quarter (4)                       $2.38                       $0.33                  $31.78
2015
4th quarter                       $2.27                       $0.40                  $42.17
3rd quarter                        2.77                        0.39                   46.44
2nd quarter                        2.65                        0.44                   57.96
1st quarter                        2.99                        0.46                   48.57
2015 average                        2.67                        0.42                   48.79
2014
4th quarter                       $4.04                       $0.63                  $73.12
3rd quarter                        4.07                        0.84                   97.21
2nd quarter                        4.68                        0.88                  102.98
1st quarter                        4.95                        0.98                   98.62
2014 average                        4.43                        0.83                   92.99
2013
4th quarter                       $3.61                       $0.92                  $97.50
3rd quarter                        3.58                        0.86                  105.82
2nd quarter                        4.10                        0.81                   94.23
1st quarter                        3.34                        0.86                   94.35
2013 average                        3.65                        0.86                   97.98
(1)   natural gas prices are based on average quarterly and annual prices from henry hub i-ferc commercial index prices.

(2)   ngl prices are based on quarterly weighted average prices and annual averages of prices from mont belvieu non-tet monthly commercial index prices. illustrative targa ngl contains 37% ethane, 35% propane, 10% natural gasoline, 6% isobutane and 12% normal butane.

(3)   crude oil prices are based on quarterly weighted average prices and annual averages of daily prices from west texas intermediate commercial index prices as measured on the nymex.

(4)   prices for the first quarter of 2016 are based on the monthly average price for january 2016.

volumes in the partnership's gathering and processing operations, plant inlet volumes, crude oil volumes and capacity utilization rates generally are driven by wellhead production and the partnership's competitive and contractual position on a regional basis and more broadly by the impact of prices for oil, natural gas and ngls on exploration and production activity in the areas of the partnership's operations. the factors that impact the gathering and processing volumes also impact the total volumes that flow to the downstream business. in addition, fractionation volumes are also affected by the location of the resulting mixed ngls, available pipeline capacity to transport ngls to the partnership's fractionators and its competitive and contractual position relative to other fractionators.
contract terms, contract mix and the impact of commodity prices because of the potential for significant volatility of natural gas and ngl prices, the contract mix of the partnership's gathering and processing division, other than fee-based contracts in badlands and other gathering and processing business units and certain other gathering and processing services, can have a material impact on its profitability, especially those contracts that create direct exposure to changes in energy prices by paying the partnership for gathering and processing services with a portion of the commodities handled ("equity volumes").
73
contract terms in the gathering and processing division are based upon a variety of factors, including natural gas and crude quality, geographic location, competitive dynamics and the pricing environment at the time the contract is executed, and customer requirements. the partnership's gathering and processing contract mix and, accordingly, its exposure to crude, natural gas and ngl prices may change as a result of producer preferences, competition and changes in production as wells decline at different rates or are added, its expansion into regions where different types of contracts are more common and other market factors. for example, the partnership's badlands and southtx crude and natural gas contracts are essentially 100% fee-based.
the contract terms and contract mix of the partnership's downstream business can also have a significant impact on the partnership's results of operations. during periods of low relative demand for available fractionation capacity, rates were low and frac-or-pay contracts were not readily available. the current demand for fractionation services has grown resulting in increases in fractionation fees and contract term. in addition, reservation fees are required. increased demand for export services also supports fee-based contracts. contracts in the logistics assets segment are primarily fee-based arrangements while the marketing and distribution segment includes both fee-based and percent-of-proceeds contracts.
impact of the partnership's commodity price hedging activities the partnership has hedged the commodity price risk associated with a portion of its expected natural gas, ngl and condensate equity volumes through 2018 by entering into financially settled derivative transactions. these transactions include swaps, futures, and purchased puts (or floors) and calls (or caps) to hedge additional expected equity commodity volumes without creating volumetric risk. the partnership may buy calls in connection with swap positions to create a price floor with upside. the partnership intends to continue managing its exposure to commodity prices in the future by entering into derivative transactions. the partnership actively manages the downstream business product inventory and other working capital levels to reduce exposure to changing ngl prices. for additional information regarding the partnership's hedging activities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk- commodity price risk."
operating expenses variable costs such as fuel, utilities, power, service and repairs can impact the partnership's results as volumes fluctuate through its systems. continued expansion of existing assets will also give rise to additional operating expenses, which will affect the partnership's results. the employees supporting the partnership's operations are employees of targa resources llc, a delaware limited liability company, and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of us. the partnership reimburses us for the payment of certain operating expenses, including compensation and benefits of operating personnel assigned to the partnership's assets.
general and administrative expenses we perform centralized corporate functions for the partnership, such as legal, accounting, treasury, insurance, risk management, health, safety, environmental, information technology, human resources, credit, payroll, internal audit, taxes engineering and marketing. other than our direct costs of being a separate public reporting company, these costs are reimbursed by the partnership. see "item 13. certain relationships and related transactions, and director independence."
general trends and outlook we expect the midstream energy business environment to continue to be affected by the following key trends: demand for the partnership's products and services, commodity prices, volatile capital markets and increased regulation. these expectations are based on assumptions made by us and information currently available to us. to the extent our underlying assumptions about or interpretations of available information prove to be incorrect, the partnership's actual results may vary materially from our expected results.
74
demand for the partnership's services fluctuations in energy prices can affect production rates and investments by third parties in the development of oil and natural gas reserves. generally, drilling and production activity will increase as energy prices increase. the recent substantial decline in oil, condensate, ngl and natural gas prices has led many exploration and production companies to reduce planned capital expenditures for drilling and production activities during 2016. in the partnership's field gathering and processing areas of operation, producers have reduced and are likely to continue to reduce their drilling activity to varying degrees, which may lead to lower oil, condensate, ngl and natural gas volume growth in the near term and reduced demand for the partnership's services. producer activity generates demand in the partnership's downstream business for fractionation and other fee-based services, which may decrease in the near term. as prices have declined, demand for the partnership's international export, storage and terminaling services has remained relatively constant, as demand for these services is based on a number of domestic and international factors.
commodity prices there has been, and we believe there will continue to be, significant volatility in commodity prices and in the relationships among ngl, crude oil and natural gas prices. in addition, the volatility and uncertainty of natural gas, crude oil and ngl prices impact drilling, completion and other investment decisions by producers and ultimately supply to the partnership's systems. notably, beginning in the fourth quarter of 2014 and continuing in 2015, there has been a significant decline in commodity prices. we can not predict how long this decline in commodity prices will extend. see "item 1a. risk factors - the partnership's cash flow is affected by supply and demand for natural gas and ngl products and by natural gas, ngl, crude oil and condensate prices, and decreases in these prices could adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition."
the partnership's operating income generally improves in an environment of higher natural gas, ngl and condensate prices, and where the spread between ngl prices and natural gas prices widens primarily as a result of its percent-of-proceeds contracts. the partnership's processing profitability is largely dependent upon pricing and the supply of and market demand for natural gas, ngls and condensate. pricing and supply are beyond its control and have been volatile. in a declining commodity price environment, without taking into account the partnership's hedges, the partnership will realize a reduction in cash flows under its percent-of-proceeds contracts proportionate to average price declines. due to the recent volatility in commodity prices, we are uncertain of what pricing and market demand for oil, condensate, ngls and natural gas will be throughout 2016, and, as a result, demand for the services that we provide may decrease. across the partnership's operations and particularly in the partnership's downstream business, the partnership benefits from long-term fee-based arrangements for its services, regardless of the actual volumes processed or delivered. the significant level of margin we derive from fee-based arrangements combined with the partnership's hedging arrangements helps to mitigate the partnership's exposure to commodity price movements. for additional information regarding the partnership's hedging activities, see "item 7a. quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk-commodity price risk."
volatile capital markets the partnership continuously considers and enters into discussions regarding potential acquisitions and growth projects, and identifies appropriate private and public capital sources for funding potential acquisitions and growth projects. any limitations on the partnership's access to capital may impair its ability to execute this strategy. if the cost of such capital becomes too expensive, the partnership's ability to develop or acquire strategic and accretive assets may be limited. the partnership may not be able to raise the necessary funds on satisfactory terms, if at all. the primary factors influencing the partnership's cost of borrowing include interest rates, credit spreads, covenants, underwriting or loan origination fees and similar charges it pays to lenders. these factors may impair the partnership's ability to execute its acquisition and growth strategy.
in addition, the partnership is experiencing increased competition for the types of assets it contemplates purchasing or developing. current economic conditions and competition for asset purchases and development opportunities could limit its ability to fully execute its acquisition and growth strategy.
increased regulation additional regulation in various areas has the potential to materially impact the partnership's operations and financial condition. for example, increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing and increased ghg emission regulations used by producers may cause reductions in supplies of natural gas, ngls, and crude oil from producers. please read "item 1a. risk factors-increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing could result in reductions or delays in drilling and completing new oil and natural gas wells, which could adversely impact the partnership's revenues by decreasing the volumes of natural gas, ngls or crude oil through its facilities and reducing the utilization of its assets." similarly, the forthcoming rules and regulations of the cftc may limit the partnership's ability or increase the cost to use derivatives, which could create more volatility and less predictability in its results of operations.
75
how we evaluate our operations our consolidated operations include the operations of the partnership due to our ownership and control of the general partner. we currently have no direct operating activities separate from those conducted by the partnership. our financial results differ from the partnership's due to the financial effects of: noncontrolling interests in the partnership, our separate debt obligations, certain non-operating costs associated with assets and liabilities that we retained and were not included in asset conveyances to the partnership, and certain general and administrative costs applicable to us as a separate public company. we monitor these non-partnership financial items to ensure proper reflection of the partnership and non-partnership results.
distributable cash flow management's primary measure of analyzing our performance is the non-gaap measure distributable cash flow.
we define distributable cash flow as distributions due to us from the partnership, less our specific general and administrative costs as a separate public reporting entity, the interest carrying costs associated with our debt and taxes attributable to our earnings. it excludes transaction costs related to acquisitions, losses on debt redemptions and amendments and non-cash interest expense. distributable cash flow is a significant performance metric used by us and by external users of our financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks, research analysts and others to compare basic cash flows generated by us to the cash dividends we expect to pay our shareholders. using this metric, management and external users of our financial statements can quickly compute the coverage ratio of estimated cash flows to planned cash dividends. distributable cash flow is also an important financial measure for our shareholders since it serves as an indicator of our success in providing a cash return on investment. specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not we are generating cash flow at a level that can sustain or support an increase in our quarterly dividend rates. distributable cash flow is also a quantitative standard used throughout the investment community because the share value is generally determined by the share's yield (which in turn is based on the amount of cash dividends the entity pays to a shareholder).
the economic substance behind our use of distributable cash flow is to measure the ability of our assets to generate cash flow sufficient to pay dividends to our investors.
the gaap measure most directly comparable to distributable cash flow is net income. distributable cash flow should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net income. distributable cash flow is not a presentation made in accordance with gaap and has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider distributable cash flow in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under gaap. because distributable cash flow excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in our industry, our definition of distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
76
our non-gaap financial measures management compensates for the limitations of distributable cash flow as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measure, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision making process.
2015                                        2014                          2013

(in millions)
targa resources corp. distributable cash flow distributions declared by targa resources partners lp associated with:
general partner interests                                                              $15.9                                       $10.2                  $8.4
incentive distribution rights                                                          173.4                                       139.8                 103.1
common units                                                                            53.9                                        40.8                  37.5
total distributions declared by targa resources partners lp                            243.2                                       190.8                 149.0
income (expenses) of trc non-partnership general and administrative expenses                                                     (8.1          )                             (8.2   )              (8.4   )
interest expense, net (1)                                                              (21.4          )                             (3.3   )              (3.1   )
current cash tax expense (2)                                                            (9.5          )                            (63.5   )             (31.0   )
taxes funded with cash on hand (3)                                                       9.5                                        11.8                  10.0
other income (expense)                                                                   0.1                                        (2.9   )               0.1
distributable cash flow                                                               $213.8                                      $124.7                $116.6
(1)   excludes non-cash interest expense.

(2)   excludes $4.7 million of non-cash current tax expense arising from amortization of deferred long-term tax assets from drop down gains realized for tax purposes and paid in 2010 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.

(3)   current period portion of amount established at our ipo to fund taxes on deferred gains related to drop down transactions that were treated as sales for income tax purposes.

2015                  2014                   2013

(in millions)
reconciliation of net income (loss) of targa resources corp. to distributable cash flow net income (loss) of targa resources corp.                                                        $(151.4   )             $423.0                 $201.3
less: net (income) loss of targa resources partners lp                                               59.3                 (505.1   )             (258.6   )
net loss for trc non-partnership                                                                    (92.1   )              (82.1   )              (57.3   )
trc non-partnership income tax expense                                                               39.0                   63.2                   45.3
distributions from the partnership                                                                  243.2                  190.8                  149.0
non-cash loss on hedges                                                                                 -                      -                    0.3
loss from financing activities                                                                       12.9                      -                      -
non-cash interest expense (1)                                                                         2.7                      -                      -
depreciation - non-partnership assets                                                                   -                    4.5                    0.3
transaction costs related to business acquisitions (1)                                                8.1                      -                      -
current cash tax expense (2)                                                                         (9.5   )              (63.5   )              (31.0   )
taxes funded with cash on hand (3)                                                                    9.5                   11.8                   10.0
distributable cash flow                                                                            $213.8                 $124.7                 $116.6
(1)   the definition of distributable cash flow was revised in 2015 to adjust for transaction costs related to business acquisitions and non-cash interest expense.

(2)   excludes $4.7 million of non-cash current tax expense arising from amortization of deferred long-term tax assets from drop down gains realized for tax purposes and paid in 2010 for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013.

(3)   current period portion of amount established at our ipo to fund taxes on deferred gains related to drop down transactions that were treated as sales for income tax purposes.

77
how we evaluate the partnership's operations the partnership's profitability of its business segments is a function of the difference between: (i) the revenues the partnership receives from its operations, including fee-based revenues from services and revenues from the natural gas, ngls, crude oil and condensate the partnership sells, and (ii) the costs associated with conducting the partnership's operations, including the costs of wellhead natural gas, crude oil and mixed ngls that the partnership purchases as well as operating, general and administrative costs and the impact of commodity hedging activities. because commodity price movements tend to impact both revenues and costs, increases or decreases in the partnership's revenues alone are not necessarily indicative of increases or decreases in its profitability. the partnership's contract portfolio, the prevailing pricing environment for crude oil, natural gas and ngls, and the volumes of crude oil, natural gas and ngl throughput on its systems are important factors in determining its profitability. the partnership's profitability is also affected by the ngl content in gathered wellhead natural gas, supply and demand for its products and services, utilization of its assets and changes in its customer mix.
the partnership's profitability is also impacted by fee-based revenues. the partnership's growth strategy, based on expansion of existing facilities as well as third-party acquisitions of businesses and assets, has increased the percentage of our revenues that are fee-based. fixed fees for services such as fractionation, storage, terminaling and crude oil gathering are not directly tied to changes in market prices for commodities.
management uses a variety of financial measures and operational measurements to analyze the partnership's performance. these include: (1) throughput volumes, facility efficiencies and fuel consumption, (2) operating expenses, (3) capital expenditures and (4) the following non-gaap measures: gross margin, operating margin, adjusted ebitda and distributable cash flow.
throughput volumes, facility efficiencies and fuel consumption the partnership's profitability is impacted by its ability to add new sources of natural gas supply and crude oil supply to offset the natural decline of existing volumes from oil and natural gas wells that are connected to its gathering and processing systems. this is achieved by connecting new wells and adding new volumes in existing areas of production, as well as by capturing crude oil and natural gas supplies currently gathered by third-parties. similarly, the partnership's profitability is impacted by its ability to add new sources of mixed ngl supply, typically connected by third-party transportation, to its downstream business' fractionation facilities. the partnership fractionates ngls generated by its gathering and processing plants, as well as by contracting for mixed ngl supply from third-party facilities.
in addition, the partnership seeks to increase operating margin by limiting volume losses, reducing fuel consumption and by increasing efficiency. with its gathering systems' extensive use of remote monitoring capabilities, the partnership monitors the volumes received at the wellhead or central delivery points along its gathering systems, the volume of natural gas received at its processing plant inlets and the volumes of ngls and residue natural gas recovered by its processing plants. the partnership also monitors the volumes of ngls received, stored, fractionated and delivered across its logistics assets. this information is tracked through its processing plants and downstream business facilities to determine customer settlements for sales and volume related fees for service and helps the partnership increase efficiency and reduces fuel consumption.
as part of monitoring the efficiency of its operations, the partnership measures the difference between the volume of natural gas received at the wellhead or central delivery points on its gathering systems and the volume received at the inlet of its processing plants as an indicator of fuel consumption and line loss. the partnership also tracks the difference between the volume of natural gas received at the inlet of the processing plant and the ngls and residue gas produced at the outlet of such plant to monitor the fuel consumption and recoveries of its facilities. similar tracking is performed for its crude oil gathering and logistics assets. these volume, recovery and fuel consumption measurements are an important part of the partnership's operational efficiency analysis and safety programs.
operating expenses operating expenses are costs associated with the operation of specific assets. labor, contract services, repair and maintenance, utilities and ad valorem taxes comprise the most significant portion of the partnership's operating expenses. these expenses, other than fuel and power, generally remain relatively stable and independent of the volumes through its systems, but fluctuate depending on the scope of the activities performed during a specific period.
78
capital expenditures capital projects associated with growth and maintenance projects are closely monitored. return on investment is analyzed before a capital project is approved, spending is closely monitored throughout the development of the project, and the subsequent operational performance is compared to the assumptions used in the economic analysis performed for the capital investment approval. the partnership has seen a substantial increase in its total capital spent since 2010 and currently has significant internal growth projects.
gross margin the partnership defines gross margin as revenues less purchases. it is impacted by volumes and commodity prices as well as by the partnership's contract mix and commodity hedging program. the partnership defines gathering and processing gross margin as total operating revenues from (1) the sale of natural gas, condensate, crude oil and ngls and (2) natural gas and crude oil gathering and service fee revenues less product purchases, which consist primarily of producer payments and other natural gas and crude oil purchases. logistics assets gross margin consists primarily of service fee revenue. gross margin for marketing and distribution equals total revenue from service fees, ngl and natural gas sales, less cost of sales, which consists primarily of ngl and natural gas purchases, transportation costs and changes in inventory valuation. the gross margin impacts of cash flow hedge settlements are reported in other.
operating margin the partnership defines operating margin as gross margin less operating expenses. operating margin is an important performance measure of the core profitability of the partnership's operations.
management reviews business segment gross margin and operating margin monthly as a core internal management process. we believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that management uses in evaluating the partnership's operating results. gross margin and operating margin provide useful information to investors because they are used as supplemental financial measures by management and by external users of the partnership's financial statements, including investors and commercial banks, to assess:
·   the financial performance of the partnership's assets without regard to financing methods, capital structure or historical cost basis;

·   the partnership's operating performance and return on capital as compared to other companies in the midstream energy sector, without regard to financing or capital structure; and

·   the viability of acquisitions and capital expenditure projects and the overall rates of return on alternative investment opportunities.

gross margin and operating margin are non-gaap measures. the gaap measure most directly comparable to gross margin and operating margin is net income. gross margin and operating margin are not alternatives to gaap net income and have important limitations as analytical tools. investors should not consider gross margin and operating margin in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because gross margin and operating margin exclude some, but not all, items that affect net income and are defined differently by different companies in our industry, the partnership's definition of gross margin and operating margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing their utility.
management compensates for the limitations of gross margin and operating margin as analytical tools by reviewing the comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
79
adjusted ebitda the partnership defines adjusted ebitda as net income attributable to targa resources partners lp before: interest; income taxes; depreciation and amortization; impairment of goodwill; gains or losses on debt repurchases, redemptions, amendments, exchanges and early debt extinguishments and asset disposals; risk management activities related to derivative instruments including the cash impact of hedges acquired in the apl merger; non-cash compensation on partnership equity grants; transaction costs related to business acquisitions; earnings/losses from unconsolidated affiliates net of distributions, distributions from preferred interests and the noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses. adjusted ebitda is used as a supplemental financial measure by the partnership and by external users of its financial statements such as investors, commercial banks and others. the economic substance behind the partnership's use of adjusted ebitda is to measure the ability of its assets to generate cash sufficient to pay interest costs, support its indebtedness and make distributions to its investors.
adjusted ebitda is a non-gaap financial measure. the gaap measures most directly comparable to adjusted ebitda are net cash provided by operating activities and net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. adjusted ebitda should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net cash provided by operating activities or gaap net income. adjusted ebitda has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider adjusted ebitda in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because adjusted ebitda excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and net cash provided by operating activities and is defined differently by different companies in the partnership's industry, the partnership's definition of adjusted ebitda may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
management compensates for the limitations of adjusted ebitda as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measures, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
distributable cash flow the partnership defines distributable cash flow as net income attributable to targa resources partners lp plus depreciation and amortization, impairment of goodwill; deferred taxes and amortization of debt issuance costs included in interest expense, adjusted for non-cash risk management activities related to derivative instruments including the cash impact of hedges acquired in the apl merger; debt repurchases, redemptions, amendments, exchanges and early debt extinguishments, non-cash compensation on partnership equity grants, changes in fair value of contingent consideration and mandatorily redeemable preferred interests, transaction costs related to business acquisitions, earnings/losses from unconsolidated affiliates net of distributions and asset disposals and less maintenance capital expenditures (net of any reimbursements of project costs). this measure includes any impact of noncontrolling interests.
distributable cash flow is a significant performance metric used by the partnership and by external users of the partnership's financial statements, such as investors, commercial banks and research analysts, to compare basic cash flows generated by the partnership (prior to the establishment of any retained cash reserves by the board of directors of its general partner) to the cash distributions the partnership expects to pay the partnership's limited partners. using this metric, the partnership's management and external users of its financial statements can quickly compute the coverage ratio of estimated cash flows to cash distributions. distributable cash flow is also an important financial measure for the partnership's limited partners since it serves as an indicator of the partnership's success in providing a cash return on investment. specifically, this financial measure indicates to investors whether or not the partnership is generating cash flow at a level that can sustain or support an increase in the partnership's quarterly distribution rates. distributable cash flow is also a quantitative standard used throughout the investment community with respect to publicly-traded partnerships and limited liability companies because the value of a unit of such an entity is generally determined by the unit's yield (which in turn is based on the amount of cash distributions the entity pays to a limited partner).
distributable cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. the gaap measure most directly comparable to distributable cash flow is net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. distributable cash flow should not be considered as an alternative to gaap net income attributable to targa resources partners lp. it has important limitations as an analytical tool. investors should not consider distributable cash flow in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of the partnership's results as reported under gaap. because distributable cash flow excludes some, but not all, items that affect net income and is defined differently by different companies in the partnership's industry, the partnership's definition of distributable cash flow may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies, thereby diminishing its utility.
80
management compensates for the limitations of distributable cash flow as an analytical tool by reviewing the comparable gaap measure, understanding the differences between the measures and incorporating these insights into its decision-making processes.
the partnership's non-gaap financial measures the following tables reconcile the non-gaap financial measures of the partnership used by management to the most directly comparable gaap measures for the periods indicated:
2015                     2014                     2013

(in millions)
reconciliation of targa resources partners lp gross margin and operating margin to net net income (loss):
gross margin                                                                                                          $1,785.6                 $1,569.6                $1,177.7
operating expenses                                                                                                      (504.6   )               (433.0   )              (376.2   )
operating margin                                                                                                       1,281.0                  1,136.6                   801.5
depreciation and amortization expenses                                                                                  (677.1   )               (346.5   )              (271.6   )
general and administrative expenses                                                                                     (153.6   )               (139.8   )              (143.1   )
provisional goodwill impairment                                                                                         (290.0   )                    -                       -
interest expense, net                                                                                                   (207.8   )               (143.8   )              (131.0   )
income tax expense                                                                                                        (0.6   )                 (4.8   )                (2.9   )
gain (loss) on sale or disposition of assets                                                                               8.0                      4.8                    (3.9   )
gain (loss) from financing activities                                                                                      2.8                    (12.4   )               (14.7   )
change in contingent consideration                                                                                         1.2                        -                    15.3
other, net                                                                                                               (23.2   )                 11.0                     9.0
net income (loss)                                                                                                       $(59.3   )               $505.1                  $258.6
2015                   2014                  2013

(in millions)
reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted ebitda net income (loss) attributable to targa resources partners lp                                $(27.4   )            $467.7                $233.5
interest expense, net                                                                         207.8                 143.8                 131.0
income tax expense                                                                              0.6                   4.8                   2.9
depreciation and amortization expenses                                                        677.1                 346.5                 271.6
provisional goodwill impairment                                                               290.0                     -                     -
(gain) loss on sale or disposition of assets                                                   (8.0   )              (4.8   )               3.9
(gain) loss from financing activities                                                          (2.8   )              12.4                  14.7
(earnings) loss from unconsolidated affiliates (1)                                              2.5                 (18.0   )             (12.0   )
distributions from unconsolidated affiliates and preferred partner interests (1)               21.1                  18.0                  12.0
change in contingent consideration                                                             (1.2   )                 -                 (15.3   )
compensation on trp equity grants (1)                                                          16.6                   9.2                   6.0
transaction costs related to business acquisitions (1)                                         19.2                     -                     -
risk management activities                                                                     64.8                   4.7                  (0.5   )
other                                                                                           0.6                     -                     -
noncontrolling interests adjustment (2)                                                       (69.7   )             (14.0   )             (12.6   )
targa resources partners lp adjusted ebitda                                                $1,191.2                $970.3                $635.2
(1)   the definition of adjusted ebitda was revised in 2014 to exclude non-cash compensation on equity grants and in 2015 to exclude earnings from unconsolidated investments net of distributions and transaction costs related to business acquisitions.

(2)   noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses and impairment of goodwill.

81
2015                   2014                  2013

(in millions)
reconciliation of net cash provided by targa resources partners lp operating activities to adjusted ebitda:
net cash provided by operating activities                                                                              $1,083.9                $838.5                $411.4
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests                                                                        31.9                 (37.4   )             (25.1   )
interest expense                                                                                                          207.8                 143.8                 131.0
non-cash interest expense, net (1)                                                                                        (12.6   )             (11.2   )             (15.5   )
(earnings) loss from unconsolidated affiliates (2)                                                                          2.5                 (18.0   )             (12.0   )
distributions from unconsolidated affiliates and preferred interests (2)                                                   21.1                  18.0                  12.0
transaction costs related to business acquisitions (2)                                                                     19.2                     -                     -
current income tax expense                                                                                                  0.8                   3.2                   2.0
other (3)                                                                                                                 (67.6   )             (18.4   )             (13.7   )
changes in operating assets and liabilities which used (provided) cash:
accounts receivable and other assets                                                                                     (277.5   )             (58.6   )             230.3
accounts payable and other liabilities                                                                                    181.7                 110.4                 (85.2   )
targa resources partners lp adjusted ebitda                                                                            $1,191.2                $970.3                $635.2
(1)   includes amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium.

(2)   the definition of adjusted ebitda was revised in 2014 to exclude non-cash compensation on equity grants and in 2015 to exclude earnings from unconsolidated investments net of distributions and transaction costs related to business acquisitions.

(3)   includes accretion expense associated with asset retirement obligations, gain or loss on financing activities, noncontrolling interest portion of depreciation and amortization expenses, and impairment of goodwill.

2015                  2014                  2013

(in millions)
reconciliation of net income (loss) to distributable cash flow:
net income (loss) attributable to targa resources partners lp              $(27.4   )            $467.7                $233.5
depreciation and amortization expenses                                      677.1                 346.5                 271.6
provisional goodwill impairment                                             290.0                     -                     -
deferred income tax expense (benefit)                                        (0.2   )               1.6                   0.9
non-cash interest expense, net (1)                                           12.6                  11.2                  15.5
(gain) loss from financing activities                                        (2.8   )              12.4                  14.7
(earnings) loss from unconsolidated affiliates (2)                            2.5                 (18.0   )             (12.0   )
distributions from unconsolidated affiliates (2)                             15.0                  18.0                  12.0
compensation on trp equity grants (2)                                        16.6                   9.2                   6.0
change in redemption value of other long term liabilities                   (30.6   )                 -                     -
change in contingent consideration                                           (1.2   )                 -                 (15.3   )
(gain) loss on sale or disposition of assets                                 (8.0   )              (4.8   )               3.9
risk management activities                                                   64.8                   4.7                  (0.5   )
maintenance capital expenditures                                            (97.9   )             (79.1   )             (79.9   )
transactions costs related to business acquisitions (2)                      19.2                     -                     -
other (3)                                                                   (61.9   )              (6.2   )              (4.1   )
targa resources partners lp distributable cash flow                        $867.8                $763.2                $446.3
(1)   includes amortization of debt issuance costs, discount and premium.

(2)   the definition of distributable cash flow was revised in 2014 to exclude non-cash compensation on equity grants and in 2015 to exclude earnings from unconsolidated investments net of distributions and transaction costs related to business acquisitions.

(3)   includes the noncontrolling interests portion of maintenance capital expenditures, depreciation and amortization expenses and impairment of goodwill.

82
financial information - partnership versus non-partnership as a supplement to the financial statements included in this annual report, we present the following tables, which segregate our consolidated balance sheets, results of operations and statement of cash flows between partnership and non-partnership activities. partnership results are presented the same basis reported in the partnership's annual report on form 10-k. except when otherwise noted, the remainder of this management's discussion and analysis refers to these disaggregated results.
balance sheets - partnership versus non-partnership december 31, 2015                                                            december 31, 2014

targa                     targa               trc - non-                     targa                     targa               trc - non-
resources                 resources              partnership                 resources                 resources              partnership corp.               partners lp                                              corp.               partners lp consolidated                                                                 consolidated
(in millions)
assets current assets:
cash and cash equivalents (1)                                     $140.2                    $135.4                     $4.8                     $81.0                     $72.3                     $8.7
trade receivables, net                                             515.8                     514.8                      1.0                     567.3                     566.8                      0.5
inventory                                                          141.0                     141.0                        -                     168.9                     168.9                        -
assets from risk management activities                              92.2                      92.2                        -                      44.4                      44.4                        -
other current assets (1)                                            30.8                      10.0                     20.8                      20.9                       3.8                     17.1
total current assets                                               920.0                     893.4                     26.6                     882.5                     856.2                     26.3
property, plant and equipment, net                               9,702.7                   9,702.6                      0.1                   4,824.6                   4,824.6                        -
intangible assets, net                                           1,810.1                   1,810.1                        -                     591.9                     591.9                        -
goodwill                                                           417.0                     417.0                        -                         -                         -                        -
long-term assets from risk management activities                    34.9                      34.9                        -                      15.8                      15.8                        -
other long-term assets (2)                                         369.0                     307.0                     62.0                     138.6                      88.7                     49.9
total assets                                                   $13,253.7                 $13,165.0                    $88.7                  $6,453.4                  $6,377.2                    $76.2
liabilities and owners' equity current liabilities:
accounts payable and accrued liabilities (3)                      $657.1                    $635.8                    $21.3                    $638.5                    $592.7                    $45.8
affiliate payable (receivable) (4)                                     -                      30.0                    (30.0   )                     -                      53.2                    (53.2   )
liabilities from risk management activities                          5.2                       5.2                        -                       5.2                       5.2                        -
accounts receivable securitization facility                        219.3                     219.3                        -                     182.8                     182.8                        -
total current liabilities                                          881.6                     890.3                     (8.7   )                 826.5                     833.9                     (7.4   )
long-term debt                                                   5,761.5                   5,164.0                    597.5                   2,885.4                   2,783.4                    102.0
long-term liabilities from risk management activities                2.4                       2.4                        -                         -                         -                        -
deferred income taxes (5)                                          177.8                      27.2                    150.6                     138.7                      13.7                    125.0
other long-term liabilities (6)                                    180.2                     178.2                      2.0                      63.3                      57.8                      5.5
total liabilities                                                7,003.5                   6,262.1                    741.4                   3,913.9                   3,688.8                    225.1
total owners' equity                                             6,250.2                   6,902.9                   (652.7   )               2,539.5                   2,688.4                   (148.9   )
total liabilities and owners' equity                           $13,253.7                 $13,165.0                    $88.7                  $6,453.4                  $6,377.2                    $76.2
the major non-partnership balance sheet items relate to:
(1)   corporate assets consisting of cash and prepaid insurance.

(2)   other long-term assets primarily consists of investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries, long-term debt issuance costs and long-term pre-paid tax assets related to gains on 2010 drop-down transactions recognized as sales of assets for tax purposes.

(3)   accrued current liabilities related to payroll and incentive compensation plans and taxes payable.

(4)   receivable related to intercompany billings arising from our providing management, commercial, operational, financial and administrative services to the partnership.

(5)   current and long-term deferred income tax balances.

(6)   long-term liabilities related to trc incentive compensation plans and deferred rent related to the headquarters' office lease.

83
results of operations - partnership versus non-partnership year ended december 31,

2015                                                                      2014                                                                     2013
targa                   targa          trc - non-                         targa                   targa          trc - non-                        targa                   targa             trc - non-
resources               resources          partnership                    resources               resources          partnership                   resources               resources            partnership corp.                partners                                             corp.                partners                                            corp.                partners consolidated                      lp                                      consolidated                      lp                                     consolidated                      lp
(in millions)
revenues (1)                                                               $6,658.6                $6,658.6          $-                              $8,616.5                $8,616.5          $-                             $6,314.7                $6,314.9                  $(0.2   )
costs and expenses:
product purchases                                                           4,873.0                 4,873.0                       -                   7,046.9                 7,046.9                      -                   5,137.2                 5,137.2                      -
operating expenses                                                            504.6                   504.6                       -                     433.1                   433.0          0.1                               376.3                   376.2                    0.1
depreciation and amortization (2)                                             677.1                   677.1                       -                     351.0                   346.5          4.5                               271.9                   271.6                    0.3
general and administrative (3)                                                161.7                   153.6          8.1                                148.0                   139.8          8.2                               151.5                   143.1                    8.4
provisional goodwill impairment                                               290.0                   290.0                       -                         -                       -                      -                         -                       -                      -
other operating (income) expense                                               (7.1   )                (7.1   )                   -                      (3.0   )                (3.0   )                  -                       9.6                     9.6                      -
income (loss) from operations                                                 159.3                   167.4                    (8.1   )                 640.5                   653.3                  (12.8   )                 368.2                   377.2                   (9.0   )
other income (expense):
interest expense, net (4)                                                    (231.9   )              (207.8   )               (24.1   )                (147.1   )              (143.8   )               (3.3   )                (134.1   )              (131.0   )               (3.1   )
equity earnings                                                                (2.5   )                (2.5   )                   -                      18.0                    18.0                      -                      14.8                    14.8                      -
gain (loss) from financing activities (5)                                     (10.1   )                 2.8                   (12.9   )                 (12.4   )               (12.4   )                  -                     (14.7   )               (14.7   )                  -
other income (expense) (6)                                                    (26.6   )               (18.6   )                (8.0   )                  (8.0   )                (5.2   )               (2.8   )                  15.3                    15.2                    0.1
income (loss) before income taxes                                            (111.8   )               (58.7   )               (53.1   )                 491.0                   509.9                  (18.9   )                 249.5                   261.5                  (12.0   )
income tax expense (7)                                                        (39.6   )                (0.6   )               (39.0   )                 (68.0   )                (4.8   )              (63.2   )                 (48.2   )                (2.9   )              (45.3   )
net income (loss)                                                            (151.4   )               (59.3   )               (92.1   )                 423.0                   505.1                  (82.1   )                 201.3                   258.6                  (57.3   )
less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (8)                (209.7   )               (31.9   )              (177.8   )                 320.7                    37.4          283.3                             136.2                    25.1                  111.1
net income (loss) after noncontrolling interests                              $58.3                  $(27.4   )      $85.7                             $102.3                  $467.7          $(365.4         )                 $65.1                  $233.5                $(168.4   )
the major non-partnership results of operations relate to:
(1)   amortization of aoci related to versado hedges dropped down to the partnership, and aoci related to terminated hedges (fully amortized during 2013).

(2)   depreciation on assets excluded from drop-down transactions (fully depreciated in 2014).

(3)   general and administrative expenses retained by trc related to its status as a public entity.

(4)   interest expense related to trc debt obligations.

(5)   includes losses recorded on debt repurchases, redemptions, amendments and exchanges related to trp debt obligations.

(6)   legal and merger costs incurred in 2015 and 2014 related to trc for the atlas mergers.

(7)   reflects trc's federal and state income taxes.

(8)   trc noncontrolling interests in the net income of the partnership.

84
statements of cash flows - partnership versus non-partnership year ended december 31,

2015                                                                        2014                                                                        2013
targa                    targa              trc - non-                      targa                    targa              trc - non-                      targa                    targa             trc - non-
resources                resources             partnership                  resources                resources             partnership                  resources                resources            partnership corp.                 partners                                              corp.                 partners                                              corp.                 partners consolidated                       lp                                       consolidated                       lp                                       consolidated                       lp
(in millions)
cash flows from operating activities net income (loss)                                                                                       $(151.4   )               $(59.3   )              $(92.1   )                 $423.0                   $505.1                  $(82.1   )                 $201.3                   $258.6                 $(57.3   )
adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities:
amortization in interest expense (1)                                                                       15.3                     12.6                     2.7                       11.8                     11.2                     0.6                       15.9                     15.5                    0.4
compensation on equity grants (2)                                                                          25.0                     16.6                     8.4                       14.3                      9.2                     5.1                       13.2                      6.0                    7.2
depreciation and amortization expense (3)                                                                 677.1                    677.1                       -                      351.0                    346.5                     4.5                      271.9                    271.6                    0.3
provisional goodwill impairment                                                                           290.0                    290.0                       -                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
accretion of asset retirement obligations                                                                   5.3                      5.3                       -                        4.5                      4.4                     0.1                        4.0                      3.9                    0.1
change in redemption value of other long-term liabilities                                                 (30.6   )                (30.6   )                   -                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
deferred income tax expense (4)                                                                            24.6                     (0.2   )                24.8                       (4.4   )                  1.6                    (6.0   )                    5.4                      0.9                    4.5
equity (earnings) loss of unconsolidated affiliates                                                         2.5                      2.5                       -                      (18.0   )                (18.0   )                   -                      (14.8   )                (14.8   )                  -
distributions received from unconsolidated affiliates                                                      13.8                     13.8                       -                       18.0                     18.0                       -                       12.0                     12.0                      -
risk management activities (5)                                                                             71.1                     71.1                       -                        4.7                      4.7                    (0.0   )                   (0.3   )                 (0.5   )                0.2
(gain) loss on sale of assets                                                                              (8.0   )                 (8.0   )                   -                       (4.8   )                 (4.8   )                   -                        3.9                      3.9                      -
(gain) loss from financing activities                                                                      10.1                     (2.8   )                12.9                       12.4                     12.4                       -                       14.7                     14.7                      -
changes in operating assets and liabilities (6)                                                            89.9                     95.8                    (5.9   )                  (50.7   )                (51.8   )                 1.1                     (144.5   )               (160.4   )               15.9
net cash provided by (used in) operating activities                                                     1,034.7                  1,083.9                   (49.2   )                  761.8                    838.5                   (76.7   )                  382.7                    411.4                  (28.7   )
cash flows from investing activities outlays for property, plant and equipment (3)                                                            (817.2   )               (817.2   )                   -                     (762.2   )               (762.2   )                   -                   (1,013.6   )             (1,013.6   )                  -
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired (7)                                                        (1,574.4   )               (828.7   )              (745.7   )                      -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
investment in unconsolidated affiliate                                                                    (11.7   )                (11.7   )                   -                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
return of capital from unconsolidated affiliate                                                             1.2                      1.2                       -                        5.7                      5.7                       -                          -                        -                      -
other, net                                                                                                  2.5                      2.5                       -                        5.1                      5.1                       -                      (12.7   )                (12.7   )                  -
net cash used in investing activities                                                                  (2,399.6   )             (1,653.9   )              (745.7   )                 (751.4   )               (751.4   )                   -                   (1,026.3   )             (1,026.3   )                  -
cash flows from financing activities loan facilities - partnership borrowings                                                                                              1,996.0                  1,996.0                       -                    1,600.0                  1,600.0                       -                    1,613.0                  1,613.0                      -
repayments                                                                                             (1,716.0   )             (1,716.0   )                   -                   (1,995.0   )             (1,995.0   )                   -                   (1,838.0   )             (1,838.0   )                  -
issuance of senior notes                                                                                1,700.0                  1,700.0                       -                      800.0                    800.0                       -                      625.0                    625.0                      -
redemption of senior notes                                                                                (14.3   )                (14.3   )                   -                     (259.8   )               (259.8   )                   -                     (183.2   )               (183.2   )                  -
redemption of apl senior notes                                                                         (1,168.8   )             (1,168.8   )                   -                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
accounts receivable securitization facility - partnership borrowings                                                                                                391.6                    391.6                       -                      381.9                    381.9                       -                      373.3                    373.3                      -
repayments                                                                                               (355.1   )               (355.1   )                   -                     (478.8   )               (478.8   )                   -                      (93.6   )                (93.6   )                  -
loan facilities - non-partnership:
proceeds from issuance of senior term loan                                                                422.5                        -                   422.5                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
repayments on senior term loan                                                                           (270.0   )                    -                  (270.0   )                      -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
borrowings (1)                                                                                            492.0                        -                   492.0                       92.0                        -                    92.0                       65.0                        -                   65.0
repayments (1)                                                                                           (154.0   )                    -                  (154.0   )                  (74.0   )                    -                   (74.0   )                  (63.0   )                    -                  (63.0   )
costs incurred in connection with financing arrangements                                                  (54.3   )                (26.1   )               (28.2   )                  (14.3   )                (14.0   )                (0.3   )                  (15.3   )                (15.3   )                  -
proceeds from sale of common and preferred units of the partnership (8)                                   443.6                    503.7                   (60.1   )                  412.7                    420.4                    (7.7   )                  524.7                    535.5                  (10.8   )
repurchase of common units under partnership compensation plans                                            (5.5   )                 (5.5   )                   -                       (4.8   )                 (4.8   )                   -                          -                        -                      -
contributions from noncontrolling interests                                                                78.4                     78.4                       -                          -                        -                       -                        4.3                      4.3                      -
distributions to noncontrolling interests (9)                                                            (514.8   )               (748.0   )               233.2                     (339.8   )               (520.6   )               180.8                     (278.7   )               (416.6   )              137.9
payment of distribution equivalent rights                                                                  (2.8   )                 (2.8   )                   -                       (1.6   )                 (1.6   )                   -                          -                        -                      -
proceeds from sale of common stock                                                                        336.8                        -                   336.8                          -                        -                       -                          -                        -                      -
dividends to common and common equivalent shareholders                                                   (179.0   )                    -                  (179.0   )                 (113.0   )                    -                  (113.0   )                  (87.8   )                    -                  (87.8   )
repurchase of common stock                                                                                 (3.3   )                    -                    (3.3   )                   (2.6   )                    -                    (2.6   )                  (13.3   )                    -                  (13.3   )
excess tax benefit from stock-based awards                                                                  1.1                        -                     1.1                        1.0                        -                     1.0                        1.6                        -                    1.6
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities                                                     1,424.1                    633.1                   791.0                        3.9                    (72.3   )                76.2                      634.0                    604.4                   29.6
net change in cash and cash equivalents                                                                    59.2                     63.1                    (3.9   )                   14.3                     14.8                    (0.5   )                   (9.6   )                (10.5   )                0.9
cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period                                                             81.0                     72.3                     8.7                       66.7                     57.5                     9.2                       76.3                     68.0                    8.3
cash and cash equivalents, end of period                                                                 $140.2                   $135.4                    $4.8                      $81.0                    $72.3                    $8.7                      $66.7                    $57.5                   $9.2
the major non-partnership cash flow items relate to:
(1)   cash and non-cash activity related to trc debt obligations.

(2)   compensation on trc's equity grants.

(3)   cash and non-cash activity related to corporate administrative assets.

(4)   trc's federal and state income taxes.

(5)   non-cash oci hedge realizations related to predecessor operations.

(6)   see balance sheets - partnership versus non-partnership for a description of the non-partnership operating assets and liabilities.

(7)   cash consideration of trc merger with atls.

(8)   contributions to the partnership to maintain 2% general partner ownership.

(9)   distributions received by trc from the partnership for its general partner interest, limited partner interest and idrs.

85
consolidated results of operations the following table and discussion is a summary of our consolidated results of operations:
2015                       2014                      2013                              2015 vs. 2014                                  2014 vs. 2013

($ in millions, except operating statistics and price amounts)
revenues sales of commodities                                                         $5,465.4                   $7,595.2                  5,728.0                   $(2,129.8    )             28    %              $1,867.2                  75   %
fees from midstream services                                                  1,193.2                    1,021.3                    586.7                       171.9                  17    %                 434.6                  57   %
total revenues                                                                6,658.6                    8,616.5                  6,314.7                    (1,957.9    )             23    %               2,301.8                  73   %
product purchases                                                             4,873.0                    7,046.9                  5,137.2                    (2,173.9    )             31    %               1,909.7                  73   %
gross margin (1)                                                              1,785.6                    1,569.6                  1,177.5                       216.0                  14    %                 392.1                  75   %
operating expenses                                                              504.6                      433.1                    376.3                        71.5                  17    %                  56.8                  87   %
operating margin (2)                                                          1,281.0                    1,136.5                    801.2                       144.5                  13    %                 335.3                  70   %
depreciation and amortization expenses                                          677.1                      351.0                    271.9                       326.1                  93    %                  79.1                  77   %
general and administrative expenses                                             161.7                      148.0                    151.5                        13.7                   9    %                  (3.5    )            102   %
provisional goodwill impairment                                                 290.0                          -                        -                       290.0                  nm                          -                  nm other operating (income) expenses                                                (7.1    )                  (3.0    )                 9.6                        (4.1    )            137    %                 (12.6    )             nm income from operations                                                          159.3                      640.5                    368.2                      (481.2    )             75    %                 272.3                  57   %
interest expense, net                                                          (231.9    )                (147.1    )              (134.1    )                  (84.8    )             58    %                 (13.0    )             91   %
equity earnings                                                                  (2.5    )                  18.0                     14.8                       (20.5    )            114    %                   3.2                  82   %
loss from financing activities                                                  (10.1    )                 (12.4    )               (14.7    )                    2.3                  19    %                   2.3                 119   %
other income (expense)                                                          (26.6    )                  (8.0    )                15.3                       (18.6    )            233    %                 (23.3    )            191   %
income tax (expense) benefit                                                    (39.6    )                 (68.0    )               (48.2    )                   28.4                  42    %                 (19.8    )             71   %
net income (loss)                                                              (151.4    )                 423.0                    201.3                      (574.4    )            136    %                 221.7                  48   %
less: net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests               (209.7    )                 320.7                    136.2                      (530.4    )            165    %                 184.5                  42   %
net income (loss) available to common shareholders                              $58.3                     $102.3                     65.1                      $(44.0    )             43    %                 $37.2                  64   %
operating statistics:
crude oil gathered, mbbl/d                                                      106.3                       93.5                     46.9                        12.8                  14    %                  46.6                  50   %
plant natural gas inlet, mmcf/d (3) (4) (5)                                   3,241.3                    2,109.5                  2,110.2                     1,131.8                  54    %                  (0.7    )            100   %
gross ngl production, mbbl/d (5)                                                265.5                      153.0                    136.8                       112.5                  74    %                  16.2                  89   %
export volumes, mbbl/d (6)                                                      183.0                      176.9                     66.6                         6.1                   3    %                 110.3                  38   %
natural gas sales, bbtu/d (4) (5)                                             1,770.7                      902.3                    928.2                       868.4                  96    %                 (25.9    )            103   %
ngl sales, mbbl/d (5)                                                           517.0                      419.5                    294.8                        97.5                  23    %                 124.7                  70   %
condensate sales, mbbl/d (5)                                                      9.3                        4.4                      3.5                         4.9                 111    %                   0.9                  80   %
(1)   gross margin is a non-gaap financial measure and is discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - how we evaluate the partnership's operations."

(2)   operating margin is a non-gaap financial measure and is discussed under "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations - how we evaluate the partnership's operations."

(3)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant, other than in badlands, where it represents total wellhead gathered volume.

(4)   plant natural gas inlet volumes include producer take-in-kind volumes, while natural gas sales exclude producer take-in-kind volumes.

(5)   these volume statistics are presented with the numerator as the total volume sold during the quarter and the denominator as the number of calendar days during the quarter.

(6)   export volumes represent the quantity of ngl products delivered to third-party customers at our galena park marine terminal that are destined for international markets.

86
2015 compared to 2014
revenues from commodity sales declined as the effect of significantly lower commodity prices ($6,318.1 million) exceeded the favorable impacts of inclusion of ten months of operations of tpl ($1,260.5 million), other volume increases ($2,934.0 million), and favorable hedge settlements ($84.2 million). fee-based and other revenues increased due to the inclusion of tpl's fee revenue ($179.7 million), which were partially offset by lower export fees.
offsetting lower commodity revenues was a commensurate reduction in product purchases due to significantly lower commodity costs ($3,280.0 million). 2015 also included product purchases related to tpl's operations ($1,106.1 million).
the higher gross margin in 2015 was attributable to inclusion of tpl operations, increased throughput related to other system expansions in our field gathering and processing segment, recognition of a renegotiated commercial contract and increased terminaling and storage fees, partially offset by lower fractionation and export margin in our logistics and marketing segments. higher operating expenses are due to the inclusion of tpl's operations ($101.6 million), which more than offset the cost savings generated throughout our other operating areas ($30.0 million). see "-results of operations-by reportable segment" for additional information regarding changes in gross margin and operating margin on a segment basis.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expenses reflects the impact of tpl, the planned increased amortization of the badlands intangible assets and growth investments placed in service after 2014, including the international export expansion project, continuing development at badlands and other system expansions. during 2015, we recorded an additional $32.6 million charge to depreciation to reflect an impairment of certain gas processing facilities and associated gathering systems in the coastal gathering and processing segment as a result of reduced forecasted processing volumes due to current market conditions and processing spreads in louisiana.
higher general and administrative expense are due to the inclusion of tpl general and administrative costs ($32.1 million), which was partially offset by other general and administrative reductions ($18.1 million), primarily from lower compensation and related costs.
the increase in other operating gains during 2015 was primarily related to higher gains on sales of assets.
during 2015, we recognized a provisional loss of $290.0 million associated with the provisional impairment of goodwill in our field and gathering segment.
the increase in net interest expense primarily reflects higher borrowings attributable to the apl mergers and lower capitalized interest associated with major capital projects compared to 2014. these factors were partially offset by the change in the non-cash redemption value ($30.6 million) of the mandatorily redeemable preferred interests in the partnership's westtx and westok joint ventures acquired in the atlas mergers.
during 2015, the loss on financing activities was due primarily to the repayment of $270.0 million of the trc term loan, which resulting in a write-off of $5.7 million of unamortized discounts and $7.2 million of deferred debt issuance costs associated with this repayment. these charges were partially offset by the partnership's $3.6 million gain on repurchase of debt, partially offset by $0.7 million expenses incurred for the apl notes exchange offer. in 2014, the loss on financing activities was due to the partnership's redemption of its 77⁄8% senior notes.
net income attributable to noncontrolling interests decreased due to lower earnings in 2015 at our joint ventures: cedar bayou fractionators, vesco, and versado. the inclusion of noncontrolling interest from tpl's centrahoma joint venture, which included their portion of the goodwill impairment, also decreased the net income attributable to noncontrolling interests.
our effective tax rate has not changed period over period. the decrease in 2015 current income tax expense is primarily due to the reduction of taxable income as a result of increased depreciation and amortization deductions from the atlas mergers, including the tax amortization of the special gp interest. the increase in deferred taxes is primarily attributable to book/tax differences in depreciation and amortization of atlas fixed assets.
87
2014 compared 2013
higher revenues, including the impact of hedging (a $29.4 million decrease to revenues), were primarily due to higher ngl volumes ($1,778.6 million), higher fee-based and other revenues ($438.1 million) and higher natural gas commodity sales prices ($201.4 million), partially offset by lower ngl and condensate prices ($65.6 million).
higher gross margin in 2014 reflects increased export activities and higher fractionation fees in our logistics and marketing segments and increased field gathering and processing throughput volumes associated with system expansions and increased producer activity, as well as higher natural gas prices. this significant growth in our asset base brought a higher level of operating expenses in 2014. see "-results of operations-by reportable segment" for additional information regarding changes in gross margin and operating margin on a segment basis.
the increase in depreciation and amortization expenses reflects increased amortization of the badlands intangible assets and higher depreciation related to major organic investments placed in service, including continuing development at badlands, the international export expansion project, high plains and longhorn plants, cbf train 4 and other system expansions.
general and administrative expenses were slightly lower due to the effect of lower non-cash expenses related to periodic valuations of unvested long term incentive plan awards, which offset increases in other overhead costs.
the increase in other operating income primarily relates to an insurance settlement in 2014 compared to losses on asset disposals recorded in 2013.
the increase in interest expense reflects higher outstanding borrowings and lower capitalized interest allocated to our major expansion projects, partially offset by lower overall interest rates.
losses from financing activities reflect premiums paid and the write-off of associated unamortized debt issuance costs related to the redemptions of our 77⁄8% notes in 2014 and the outstanding balance of the 111⁄4% notes and $100 million of our 63⁄8% notes in 2013.
other expense in 2014 was primarily attributable to transaction costs related to the pending atlas mergers. in 2013 we recorded a gain from the elimination of a contingent consideration liability associated with the badlands acquisition.
the increase in earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests is primarily due to higher partnership earnings and higher earnings from the partnership's joint ventures.
results of operations-by reportable segment we have segregated the following segment operating margins between partnership and trc non-partnership activities.
partnership

field                 coastal               logistics           marketing               other              trc non-               consolidated gathering             gathering             assets              and                                        partnership            operating and                   and                                       distribution                                                      margin processing            processing
(in millions)
2015   $484.8                $30.3                 $439.5              $242.2                  $84.2              $-                     $1,281.0
2014   372.3                 77.6                  445.1               249.6                        (8.0   )              (0.1    )               1,136.5
2013   270.5                 85.4                  282.3               141.9                   21.4                       (0.3    )      801.2
88
results of operations of the partnership - by reportable segment gathering and processing segments field gathering and processing
2015                 2014               2013                       2015 vs. 2014                             2014 vs. 2013

($ in millions)
gross margin                                         $760.3             $563.2             $435.7                $197.1                  35   %            $127.5                  29   %
operating expenses                                    275.5              190.9              165.2                  84.6                  44   %              25.7                  16   %
operating margin                                     $484.8             $372.3             $270.5                $112.5                  30   %            $101.8                  38   %
operating statistics (1):
plant natural gas inlet, mmcf/d (2),(3)
saou (4)(5)                                           234.0              193.1              154.1                  40.9                  21   %              39.0                  25   %
westtx (6)                                            374.0                  -                  -                 374.0                  nm                     -                   -
sand hills (5)                                        163.0              165.1              155.8                  (2.1   )               1   %               9.3                   6   %
versado                                               183.2              169.6              156.4                  13.6                   8   %              13.2                   8   %
southtx (6)                                           120.0                  -                  -                 120.0                  nm                     -                   -
north texas (7)                                       347.6              354.5              292.4                  (6.9   )               2   %              62.1                  21   %
southok (6)                                           401.5                  -                  -                 401.5                  nm                     -                   -
westok (6)                                            471.7                  -                  -                 471.7                  nm                     -                   -
badlands (8)                                           49.2               38.9               21.4                  10.3                  26   %              17.5                  82   %
2,344.2              921.2              780.1               1,423.0                 154   %             141.1                  18   %
gross ngl production, mbbl/d (3)
saou                                                   27.3               25.2               22.5                   2.1                   8   %               2.7                  12   %
westtx (6)                                             43.4                  -                  -                  43.4                  nm                     -                   -
sand hills                                             17.4               18.0               17.5                  (0.6   )               3   %               0.5                   3   %
versado                                                23.4               21.4               18.9                   2.0                   9   %               2.5                  13   %
southtx (6)                                            13.8                  -                  -                  13.8                  nm                     -                   -
north texas                                            39.6               37.8               31.1                   1.8                   5   %               6.7                  22   %
southok (6)                                            28.1                  -                  -                  28.1                  nm                     -                   -
westok (6)                                             23.8                  -                  -                  23.8                  nm                     -                   -
badlands                                                6.8                3.5                1.9                   3.3                  94   %               1.6                  84   %
223.6              105.9               91.9                 117.7                 111   %              14.0                  15   %
crude oil gathered, mbbl/d                            106.3               93.5               46.9                  12.8                  14   %              46.6                  99   %
natural gas sales, bbtu/d (3)                       1,340.8              469.0              376.3                 871.8                 186   %              92.7                  25   %
ngl sales, mbbl/d                                     176.9               80.7               71.4                  96.2                 119   %               9.3                  13   %
condensate sales, mbbl/d                                8.3                3.6                3.2                   4.7                 131   %               0.4                  13   %
average realized prices (9):
natural gas, $/mmbtu                                   2.32               4.05               3.44                 (1.73   )              43   %              0.61                  18   %
ngl, $/gal                                             0.34               0.72               0.76                 (0.38   )              53   %             (0.04   )               5   %
condensate, $/bbl                                     41.29              82.35              92.89                (41.06   )              50   %            (10.54   )              11   %
(1)   segment operating statistics include the effect of intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the quarter and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the quarter, including the volumes related to plants acquired in the apl merger.

(2)   plant natural gas inlet represents our undivided interest in the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant.

(3)   plant natural gas inlet volumes and gross ngl production volumes include producer take-in-kind volumes, while natural gas sales exclude producer take-in-kind volumes.

(4)   includes volumes from the 200 mmcf/d cryogenic high plains plant which started commercial operations in june 2014.

(5)   includes wellhead gathered volumes moved from sand hills via pipeline to saou for processing.

(6)   operations acquired as part of the apl merger effective february 27, 2015.

(7)   includes volumes from the 200 mmcf/d cryogenic longhorn plant which started commercial operations in may 2014.

(8)   badlands natural gas inlet represents the total wellhead gathered volume.

(9)   average realized prices exclude the impact of hedging activities presented in other.

89
2015 compared to 2014
the increase in gross margin was primarily due to the inclusion of the tpl volumes along with other volume increases partially offset by significantly lower commodity prices. the increases in plant inlet volumes at saou, sand hills (see footnote (5) above) and versado were driven by system expansions and by increased producer activity which increased available supply across our areas of operation partially offset by reduced producer activity and volumes in north texas. 2015 benefited from a full year operations of the longhorn plant in north texas, the high plains plant in saou and the little missouri 3 plant in badlands. badlands crude oil and natural gas volumes increased significantly due to plant and system expansion and increased producer activity.
excluding the addition of operating expenses for tpl, operating expenses for other areas were significantly lower, even with system expansions, due to focused cost reduction efforts.
2014 compared to 2013
gross margin improvements in our field gathering and processing segment were fueled by throughput increases and higher natural gas sales prices partially offset by lower ngl and condensate sales prices and the impact of severe cold weather in the first quarter of 2014. the increase in plant inlet volumes was driven by system expansions and by increased producer activity which increased available supply across our areas of operation. gross margin in 2014 also benefited from the second quarter start-up of commercial operations at the longhorn plant in north texas and the high plains plant in saou. badlands crude oil and natural gas volumes increased significantly due to producer activities and system expansion. higher ngl sales reflect similar factors.
higher operating expenses were primarily driven by volume growth and system expansions and included additional labor costs, ad valorem taxes and compression and system maintenance expenses.
90
gross operating statistics compared to actual reported the table below provides a reconciliation between gross operating statistics and the actual reported operating statistics for the field gathering and processing segment:
year ended december 31, 2015

operating statistics:
plant natural gas inlet, mmcf/d (1),(2)       gross volume             ownership %                net volume              pro forma (4)           timing                           actual
(3)                                               (3)                                      adjustment                     reported
(5)
saou                                                 234.0                   100.0   %                 234.0                      234.0                   -                         234.0
westtx (6)(7)                                        612.8                    72.8   %                 446.1                      446.1                   (72.1    )                374.0
sand hills                                           163.0                   100.0   %                 163.0                      163.0                   -                         163.0
versado (8)                                          183.2                    63.0   %                 115.4                      183.2                   -                         183.2
southtx (6)                                          143.1                   100.0   %                 143.1                      143.1                   (23.1    )                120.0
north texas                                          347.6                   100.0   %                 347.6                      347.6                   -                         347.6
southok (6)                                          478.9              varies (9)                     398.6                      478.9                   (77.4    )                401.5
westok (6)                                           562.6                   100.0   %                 562.6                      562.6                   (90.9    )                471.7
badlands (10)                                         49.2                   100.0   %                  49.2                       49.2                   -                          49.2
total                                              2,774.5                                           2,459.7                    2,607.8                   (263.6   )              2,344.2
gross ngl production, mbbl/d (2)
saou                                                  27.3                   100.0   %                  27.3                       27.3                   -                          27.3
westtx (6)(7)                                         71.1                    72.8   %                  51.8                       51.8                   (8.4     )                 43.4
sand hills                                            17.4                   100.0   %                  17.4                       17.4                   -                          17.4
versado                                               23.4                    63.0   %                  14.7                       23.4                   -                          23.4
southtx (6)                                           16.5                   100.0   %                  16.5                       16.5                   (2.7     )                 13.8
north texas                                           39.6                   100.0   %                  39.6                       39.6                   -                          39.6
southok (6)                                           33.5              varies (9)                      29.1                       33.5                   (5.4     )                 28.1
westok (6)                                            28.4                   100.0   %                  28.4                       28.4                   (4.6     )                 23.8
badlands                                               6.8                   100.0   %                   6.8                        6.8                   -                           6.8
total                                                264.0                                             231.5                      244.6                   (21.0    )                223.6
(1)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant.

(2)   plant natural gas inlet volumes and gross ngl production volumes include producer take-in-kind volumes, while natural gas sales exclude producer take-in-kind volumes.

(3)   for these volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the year and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the year, other than for the volumes related to the apl merger, for which the denominator is 306 days.

(4)   pro forma statistics represents volumes per day while owned by us.

(5)   timing adjustment made to the pro forma statistics to adjust for the actual reported statistics based on the full period.

(6)   operations acquired as part of the apl merger effective february 27, 2015.

(7)   operating results for the westtx undivided interest assets are presented on a pro-rata net basis in our reported financials.

(8)   versado is a consolidated subsidiary and its financial results are presented on a gross basis in our reported financials.

(9)   southok includes the centrahoma joint venture, of which tpl owns 60% and other plants which are owned 100% by tpl. centrahoma is a consolidated subsidiary and its financial results are presented on a gross basis in our reported financials.

(10)   badlands natural gas inlet represents the total wellhead gathered volume.

91
coastal gathering and processing
2015                2014                   2013                        2015 vs. 2014                             2014 vs. 2013

($ in millions)
gross margin                                    $69.8                 $123.8                 $132.3         $(54.0         )              44   %            $(8.5   )               6   %
operating expenses                               39.5                   46.2                   46.9                 (6.7   )              15   %             (0.7   )               1   %
operating margin                                $30.3                  $77.6                  $85.4         $(47.3         )              61   %            $(7.8   )               9   %
operating statistics (1):
plant natural gas inlet, mmcf/d (2),(3)
lou                                             200.1                  284.6                  350.9                (84.5   )              30   %            (66.3   )              19   %
vesco                                           442.4                  509.0                  515.5                (66.6   )              13   %             (6.5   )               1   %
other coastal straddles                         254.5                  394.8                  463.7               (140.3   )              36   %            (68.9   )              15   %
897.0                1,188.4                1,330.1               (291.4   )              25   %           (141.7   )              11   %
gross ngl production, mbbl/d (3)
lou                                               7.2                    9.0                   10.2                 (1.8   )              20   %             (1.2   )              12   %
vesco                                            26.6                   26.0                   21.5         0.6                            2   %              4.5                  21   %
other coastal straddles                           8.0                   12.1                   13.2                 (4.1   )              34   %             (1.1   )               8   %
41.8                   47.1                   44.9                 (5.3   )              11   %              2.2                   5   %
natural gas sales, bbtu/d (3)                   237.1                  258.0                  296.0                (20.9   )               8   %            (38.0   )              13   %
ngl sales, mbbl/d                                31.4                   40.2                   41.8                 (8.8   )              22   %             (1.6   )               4   %
condensate sales, mbbl/d                          0.8                    0.7                    0.4         0.1                           14   %              0.3                  75   %
average realized prices:
natural gas, $/mmbtu                             2.69                   4.44                   3.73                (1.75   )              39   %             0.71                  19   %
ngl, $/gal                                       0.39                   0.80                   0.83                (0.41   )              51   %            (0.03   )               4   %
condensate, $/bbl                               47.72                  89.70                 104.38               (41.98   )              47   %           (14.68   )              14   %
(1)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume during the applicable reporting period and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the applicable reporting period.

(2)   plant natural gas inlet represents the volume of natural gas passing through the meter located at the inlet of a natural gas processing plant.

(3)   plant natural gas inlet volumes and gross ngl production volumes include producer take-in-kind volumes, while natural gas sales exclude producer take-in-kind volumes.

2015 compared to 2014
the decrease in coastal gathering and processing gross margin was primarily due to lower ngl prices, a less favorable frac spread and lower throughput volumes partially offset by new volumes at lou and vesco with higher average gpm.
operating expenses decreased primarily due to reduced volumes and lower plant run-time due to current market conditions.
2014 compared to 2013
the decrease in coastal gathering and processing gross margin was primarily due to lower ngl sales prices, less favorable frac spreads and lower throughput volumes partially offset by new volumes at vesco with higher gpm and the availability of short-term higher gpm off-system volumes at lou. the overall decrease in plant inlet volumes was largely attributable to the decline of leaner off-system supply volumes and the idling of the big lake plant in november 2014 due to market conditions. gross ngl production at vesco during 2013 was impacted by a third-party ngl takeaway pipeline volume constraint.
operating expenses were relatively flat.
92
logistics and marketing segments logistics assets
2015               2014               2013                     2015 vs. 2014                          2014 vs. 2013

($ in millions)
gross margin (1)                         $613.9             $613.3             $408.2              $0.6                   0   %         $205.1                  50   %
operating expenses (1)                    174.4              168.2              125.9               6.2                   4   %           42.3                  34   %
operating margin                         $439.5             $445.1             $282.3             $(5.6   )               1   %         $162.8                  58   %
operating statistics mbbl/d(2):
fractionation volumes (3)                 342.7              350.0              287.6              (7.3   )               2   %           62.4                  22   %
lsng treating volumes                      22.4               23.4               20.1              (1.0   )               4   %            3.3                  16   %
benzene treating volumes                   22.4               23.4               17.5              (1.0   )               4   %            5.9                  34   %
(1)   fractionation and treating contracts include pricing terms composed of base fees and fuel and power components which vary with the cost of energy. as such, the logistics segment results include effects of variable energy costs that impact both gross margin and operating expenses.

(2)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the year and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the year.

(3)   fractionation volumes reflect those volumes delivered and settled under fractionation contracts.

2015 compared to 2014
logistics assets gross margin was flat due to the recognition of the renegotiated commercial arrangements related to our channelview splitter project and increased terminaling and storage activities offset by lower lpg export and fractionation margins. slightly higher lpg export volumes (which are reflected in both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments), averaged 183 mbbl/d in 2015 compared to 177 mbbl/d last year.
fractionation gross margin was lower due to the variable effects of fuel and power, which are largely reflected in lower operating expenses (see footnote (1) above), and by a decrease in supply volume. terminaling and storage volumes increased due to higher customer throughput.
operating expenses increased due to lower system product gains and higher maintenance, partially offset by lower fuel and power expense and lower export-related costs.
2014 compared to 2013
logistics assets gross margin was significantly higher due to increased lpg export activity and increased fractionation activities, despite the increasing impact of ethane rejection. lpg export volumes, which benefit both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments, averaged 177 mbbl/d in 2014 compared to 67 mbbl/d for 2013. this increase was driven by phase i of our international export expansion project coming on-line in september 2013 and phase ii coming on-line during the second quarter and third quarter of 2014. higher fractionation volumes were primarily due to cbf train 4, which became operational in the third quarter of 2013. treating volumes improved in 2014 compared to 2013 due to higher customer throughput. terminaling and storage activity also increased, and capacity reservation fees were higher.
higher operating expenses reflect the expansion of our export and fractionation facilities, and increased fuel and power costs. partially offsetting these factors were higher system product gains in 2014.
93
marketing and distribution
2015               2014               2013                      2015 vs. 2014                            2014 vs. 2013

($ in millions)
gross margin                       $283.8             $298.0             $185.2         $(14.2        )               5   %           $112.8                  61   %
operating expenses                   41.6               48.4               43.3                (6.8   )              14   %              5.1                  12   %
operating margin                   $242.2             $249.6             $141.9         $(7.4         )               3   %           $107.7                  76   %
operating statistics (1):
ngl sales, mbbl/d                   432.3              423.3              296.6         9.0                           2   %            126.7                  43   %
average realized prices:
ngl realized price, $/gal            0.46               0.93               0.94               (0.47   )              51   %            (0.01   )               1   %
(1)   segment operating statistics include intersegment amounts, which have been eliminated from the consolidated presentation. for all volume statistics presented, the numerator is the total volume sold during the applicable reporting period and the denominator is the number of calendar days during the applicable reporting period.

2015 compared to 2014
marketing and distribution gross margin decreased primarily due to a lower price environment and the expiration and recognition of a contract settlement in 2014. the lower gross margin was partially offset by higher lpg export margin, higher marketing gains and higher terminal activity. slightly higher lpg export volumes are reflected in both the logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments.
operating expenses decreased due to lower barge expense and lower terminal expense.
2014 compared to 2013
marketing and distribution gross margin increased primarily due to higher lpg export activity (which benefits both logistics assets and marketing and distribution segments), higher wholesale and ngl marketing activities, higher terminal activity, higher barge utilization including an increased barge fleet, and increased refinery services. gross margin was partially offset by lower truck utilization and a reduced benefit associated with a contract settlement.
operating expenses increased primarily due to higher terminal activity, higher barge and railcar utilization partially offset by lower truck utilization.
other
2015             2014              2013             2015 vs. 2014           2014 vs. 2013

($ in millions)
gross margin             $84.2          $(8.0     )         $21.4                   $92.2         $(29.4            )
operating margin         $84.2          $(8.0     )         $21.4                   $92.2         $(29.4            )
other contains the results (including any hedge ineffectiveness) of commodity derivative activities included in operating margin and mark-to-market gain/losses related to derivative contracts that were not designated as cash-flow hedges. eliminations of inter-segment transactions are reflected in the corporate and eliminations column. the primary purpose of our commodity risk management activities is to mitigate a portion of the impact of commodity prices on our operating cash flow. we have hedged the commodity price associated with a portion of our expected (i) natural gas equity volumes in field gathering and processing operations and (ii) ngl and condensate equity volumes predominately in field gathering and processing as well as in the lou portion of the coastal gathering and processing operations that result from percent of proceeds or liquid processing arrangements by entering into derivative instruments. because we are essentially forward-selling a portion of our plant equity volumes, these hedge positions will move favorably in periods of falling commodity prices and unfavorably in periods of rising commodity prices.
94
the following table provides a breakdown of the change in other operating margin:
2015                                                                2014                                                                 2013

(in millions, except volumetric data and price amounts)
volume           price                           gain              volume           price                         gain                    volume           price                          gain settled           spread (1)                    (loss)             settled           spread (1)                    (loss)                 settled           spread (1)                   (loss)
natural gas (bbtu)                 51.8           $0.71/mmbtu                    $37.0                21.9           $(0.27)/mmbtu                 $(5.9        )           $12.3           $0.95/mmbtu                   $11.7
ngl (mmbbl)                        76.4                   0.29/bbl                22.1                 0.6                    5.79/bbl             3.6                        2.1                     6.19/bbl             12.8
crude oil (mmbbl)                   0.8                   9.37/bbl                21.6                 0.9                    (1.07)/bbl                 (1.0   )             0.7                   (4.01)/bbl             (2.9   )
non-hedge accounting (2)                                                           2.6                                                                   (4.8   )                                                          (0.3   )
ineffectiveness (3)                                                                0.9                                                             0.1                                                                      0.1
$84.2                                                             $(8.0        )                                                $        $21.4
(1)   the price spread is the differential between the contracted derivative instrument pricing and the price of the corresponding settled commodity transaction.

(2)   mark-to-market income (loss) associated with derivative contracts that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes.

(3)   ineffectiveness primarily relates to certain crude hedging contracts and certain acquired hedges of apl that do not qualify for hedge accounting.

as part of the atlas mergers, outstanding apl derivative contracts with a fair value of $102.1 million as of the acquisition date were novated to the partnership and included in the acquisition date fair value of assets acquired. derivative settlements of $67.9 million related to these novated contracts were received during the year ended december 31, 2015 and were reflected as a reduction of the acquisition date fair value of the apl derivative assets acquired, with no effect on results of operations.
our liquidity and capital resources we have no separate, direct operating activities apart from those conducted by the partnership. as such, our ability to finance our operations, including payment of dividends to our common stockholders, funding capital expenditures and acquisitions, or to meet our indebtedness obligations, will depend on cash inflows from future cash distributions to us from our interests in the partnership. the partnership is required to distribute all available cash, defined in the partnership agreement, at the end of each quarter after establishing reserves to provide for the proper conduct of its business or to provide for future distributions. see "part ii - other information- item 1a. risk factors" in our annual report. as of february 15, 2016, our interest in the partnership consisted of the following:
·   a 2% general partner interest, which we hold through our 100% ownership interest in the general partner of the partnership;

·   all of the outstanding idrs;

·   16,309,594 of the 184,899,602 outstanding common units of the partnership, representing a 8.8% outstanding common units of the partnership; and

·   the special gp interest.

as a result of the trc/trp merger, which was completed on february 17, 2016, we own all of the outstanding trp common units. we issued 114,637,753 of our common shares to trp unitholders as a result of this transaction.
our future cash flows will consist of distributions to us from our interests in the partnership. these cash distributions to us should provide sufficient resources to fund our operations, long-term debt obligations, and tax obligations for at least the next twelve months. based on the anticipated levels of distributions from the partnership that we expect to receive, we also expect that we will be able to fund the projected quarterly cash dividends to our stockholders for the next twelve months.
95
the impact on us of changes in the partnership's distribution levels will vary depending on several factors, including the partnership's total outstanding partnership interests on the record date for the distribution and the aggregate cash distributions made by the partnership. if the partnership increases distributions we would expect to increase dividends to our stockholders, although the timing and amount of such increased dividends, if any, will not necessarily be comparable to the timing and amount of the increase in distributions made by the partnership. in addition, the level of distributions we receive and of dividends we pay to our stockholders may be affected by the various risks associated with an investment in us and the underlying business of the partnership. please read "part ii- item 1a. risk factors" for more information about the risks that may impact your investment in us.
our non-partnership liquidity as of january 31, 2016 was:
january 31, 2016

(in millions)
cash on hand                                                             $15.2
total availability under trc's credit facility                           670.0
less: outstanding borrowings under trc's credit facility                (452.0   )
total liquidity                                                         $233.2
subsequent event.
on february 18, 2018, we announced that we had entered into an agreement for the issuance and sale of $500 million of our 9.5% series a preferred stock (the "preferred stock"). the preferred stock can be redeemed in whole or in part at our option after five years. the preferred stock is also convertible into our common stock beginning in 2028. in association with the issuance of the preferred stock, we also agreed to issue approximately 7,020,000 warrants with a strike price of $18.88 per common share and 3,385,000 warrants with a strike price of $25.11 per common share. the warrants have a seven year term and can be exercised commencing six months after closing. we expect to use the net proceeds from the sale of the preferred stock to repay indebtedness and for general corporate purposes. we expect this transaction to close in march 2016.
the partnership's liquidity and capital resources the partnership's ability to finance its operations, including funding capital expenditures and acquisitions, meeting its indebtedness obligations, refinancing its indebtedness and meeting its collateral requirements, will depend on its ability to generate cash in the future. the partnership's ability to generate cash is subject to a number of factors, some of which are beyond its control. these include weather, commodity prices (particularly for natural gas and ngls) and ongoing efforts to manage operating costs and maintenance capital expenditures, as well as general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors.
the partnership's main sources of liquidity and capital resources are internally generated cash flow from operations, borrowings under the trp revolver, borrowings under the securitization facility, the issuance of additional preferred units and access to public equity and private capital and debt markets. the capital markets continue to experience volatility. the partnership's exposure to current credit conditions includes its credit facilities, cash investments and counterparty performance risks. the partnership continually monitors its liquidity and the credit markets, as well as events and circumstances surrounding each of the lenders to the trp revolver and securitization facility.
the partnership's liquidity as of january 31, 2016 was:
january 31, 2016

(in millions)
cash on hand                                                            $154.7
total commitments under the trp revolver                               1,600.0
total availability under the securitization facility                     225.0
1,979.7
less: outstanding borrowings under the trp revolver                     (380.0   )
outstanding borrowings under the securitization facility                (225.0   )
outstanding letters of credit under the trp revolver                     (13.0   )
total liquidity                                                       $1,361.7
96
other potential capital resources include:
·   the partnership's right to request an additional $300 million in commitment increases under the trp revolver, subject to the terms therein. the trp revolver matures on october 3, 2017.

a portion of the partnership's capital resources may be allocated to letters of credit to satisfy certain counterparty credit requirements. these letters of credit reflect the partnership's non-investment grade status, as assigned by moody's and s&p. they also reflect certain counterparties' views of its financial condition and ability to satisfy its performance obligations, as well as commodity prices and other factors.
working capital working capital is the amount by which current assets exceed current liabilities. on a consolidated basis at the end of any given month, accounts receivable and payable tied to commodity sales and purchases are relatively balanced with receivables from ngl customers offset by plant settlements payable to producers. the factors that typically cause overall variability in the partnership's reported total working capital are: (1) the partnership's cash position; (2) liquids inventory levels and valuation, which the partnership closely manages; (3) changes in the fair value of the current portion of derivative contracts; and (4) major structural changes in the partnership's asset base or business operations, such as acquisitions or divestitures and certain organic growth projects.
the partnership's working capital increased $21.7 million excluding the increase in current debt obligations. the major items contributing to this increase were increased cash balances, an increase in our net risk management working capital asset position due to changes in the forward prices of commodities, and decreased payables to parent due to lower compensation and related costs. partially offsetting these items were an increase in interest accruals related to new borrowings, decreased commodity activity and inventories due to falling prices, and increased accruals for other goods and services.
based on the partnership's anticipated levels of operations and absent any disruptive events, we believe the partnership's internally generated cash flow, borrowings available under the trp revolver and the securitization facility and proceeds from debt offerings should provide sufficient resources to finance its operations, capital expenditures, long-term debt obligations, collateral requirements and minimum quarterly cash distributions for at least the next twelve months.
the non-partnership working capital decreased $3.8 million. this change was the result of general business operations.
we have incurred tax liabilities as a result of our sales of assets to the partnership. we have sufficient liquidity to satisfy the $38.8 million tax liability expected to be paid over the next nine years.
cash flow cash flow from operating activities targa                   targa                trc - non-
resources               resources             partnership corp.                  partners consolidated                 lp

(in millions)
2015          $1,034.7              $1,083.9           $(49.2          )
2014             761.8                 838.5                   (76.7   )
2013             382.7                 411.4                   (28.7   )
97
the following table displays the partnership versus non-partnership's operating cash flows using the direct method as a supplement to the presentation in the consolidated financial statements:
2015                                                                     2014

targa                   targa                trc-non                     targa                   targa                trc-non resources               resources            partnership                 resources               resources            partnership corp.                partners                                            corp.                partners consolidated                      lp                                     consolidated                      lp
(in millions)
cash flows from operating activities:
cash received from customers                                        $6,820.9                $6,820.9                     $-                  $8,769.4                $8,769.5                  $(0.1   )
cash received from (paid to) derivative counterparties                 140.5                   140.5                      -                      (4.9   )                (4.9   )                  -
cash outlays for:
product purchases                                                    5,058.8                 5,058.8                      -                   7,268.5                 7,268.5                      -
operating expenses                                                     448.9                   448.9                      -                     402.6                   402.5                    0.1
general and administrative expenses                                    180.6                   175.2                    5.4                     134.5                   133.7                    0.8
cash distributions from equity investments (1)                         (13.8   )               (13.8   )                  -                     (18.0   )               (18.0   )                  -
interest paid, net of amounts capitalized (2)                          214.1                   193.1                   21.0                     133.8                   131.0                    2.8
income taxes paid, net of refunds                                       13.8                     3.4                   10.4                      73.4                     2.7                   70.7
other cash (receipts) payments                                          24.3                    11.9                   12.4                       7.9                     5.7                    2.2
net cash provided by operating activities                           $1,034.7                $1,083.9                 $(49.2   )                $761.8                  $838.5                 $(76.7   )
2013

targa                    targa           trc-non resources                resources           partnership corp.                 partners consolidated                       lp cash flows from operating activities:                                                                           (in millions)
cash received from customers                                        $6,388.0                 $6,388.3           $(0.3           )
cash received from (paid to) derivative counterparties                  20.9                     20.9                   -
cash outlays for:
product purchases                                                    5,364.8                  5,364.8                   -
operating expenses                                                     377.4                    377.3           0.1
general and administrative expenses                                    137.6                    145.3                   (7.7    )
cash distributions from equity investments (1)                         (12.0   )                (12.0   )               -
interest paid, net of amounts capitalized (2)                          121.7                    119.1           2.6
income taxes paid, net of refunds                                       35.7                      2.3           33.4
other cash (receipts) payments                                           1.0                      1.0                   -
net cash provided by operating activities                             $382.7                   $411.4           $(28.7          )
(1)   excludes $1.2 million included in investing activities for 2015 related to distributions from gcf and t2 joint ventures that exceeded cumulative equity earnings. excludes $5.7 million included in investing activities for 2014 related to distributions from gcf that exceeded cumulative equity earnings. gcf did not have distributions that exceeded cumulative earnings for 2013.

(2)   net of capitalized interest paid of $13.2 million, $16.1 and $8.0 million included in investing activities for 2015, 2014 and 2013.

98
cash flow from operating activities - partnership lower commodity prices were the primary contributor to decreased cash collections and payments for product purchases in 2015 compared to 2014. derivatives were a net inflow in 2015 versus a net outflow in 2014 reflecting lower commodity prices paid to counterparties compared to the fixed price the partnership received on those derivative contracts. higher cash outlay for general and administrative expenses in 2015 versus 2014 were mainly due to the addition of general and administrative costs for tpl. other cash payments during 2015 reflect transaction costs related to the atls mergers.
higher natural gas prices, sales and logistics fees related to export activities and higher ngl production volumes contributed to increased cash collections in 2014 compared to 2013, as well as higher cash payments to producers for commodity products. the change in cash received related to derivatives reflects a net outflow in 2014 compared to a net inflow in 2013 due to the prices paid to counterparties compared to the fixed price the partnership received on those derivative contracts. lower cash general and administrative expenses were mainly due to the lower cash settlements on trc long term incentive plan costs in 2014 versus 2013. the increase in other cash payments during 2014 reflects transaction costs incurred in advance of the atls mergers.
cash flow from operating activities - trc-non partnership trc-non partnership had higher cash outlays for general and administrative expenses in 2015 versus 2014 related to the timing of intercompany reimbursements between us and our subsidiaries. the increase in interest paid for the non-partnership is due to the additional debt issuances during the first quarter of 2015. the decrease in taxes paid is primarily due to the reduction of taxable income as a result of increased depreciation and amortization deduction from the atlas mergers, including the tax amortization of the special gp interest. the increase in other cash payments is related to transaction costs of the atlas mergers.
trc-non partnership had higher cash outlays for general and administrative expenses in 2014 versus 2013 related to the timing of intercompany reimbursements between us and our subsidiaries. the increase in taxes paid is primarily due to increase of taxable income in 2014 over 2013.
cash flow from investing activities targa                      targa                  trc - non-
resources                  resources               partnership corp.                     partners consolidated                    lp

(in millions)
2015   $(2,399.6           )       $(1,653.9         )       $(745.7         )
2014            (751.4     )              (751.4     )               -
2013            (1,026.3   )              (1,026.3   )               -
cash flow from investing activities - partnership the increase in net cash used in investing activities for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to the $828.7 million outlays for the cash portion of atlas mergers along with a $55.0 million increase in capital expenditures and an $11.7 million increase in investments in unconsolidated affiliates.
the decrease in net cash used in investing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to lower cash outlays for capital expansion projects of $251.4 million.
cash flow from investing activities - trc non partnership the increase in net cash used in investing activities for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to cash outlays for the atlas mergers. cash paid for atls net of cash acquired was $745.7 million.
99
cash flow from financing activities targa                    targa                 trc - non-
resources                resources              partnership corp.                   partners consolidated                  lp

(in millions)
2015            1,424.1           633.1                          791.0
2014   3.9                               (72.3   )                76.2
2013   634.0                      604.4                           29.6
cash flow from financing activities - partnership the increase in net cash provided by financing activities for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to increased net borrowings under the partnership's debt facilities ($1,954.0 million) offset by payment to settle the tender for apl's senior notes ($1,168.8 million). the partnership's contribution from noncontrolling interests increased by $78.4 million due to the cash calls for capital expansion. contribution from the general partner and proceeds from equity offerings increased in 2015 ($83.3 million), offset by an increase in distributions to owners ($239.8 million).
the decrease in net cash provided by financing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to lower net borrowings under the partnership's debt facilities ($448.2 million), an increase in distributions to owners ($98.1 million), and a decrease in proceeds from equity offerings ($115.1 million).
cash flow financing activities - non-partnership the increase in net cash used in financing activities for 2015 compared to 2014 was primarily due to cash borrowings for the atls merger: the issuance of the term loan and borrowings under our senior secured credit facility ($914.5 million) and proceeds from equity offerings ($335.5 million), which were offset by repayments of the term loan and on our senior secured credit facility ($424.0 million). dividends paid to common shareholders in 2015 increased $66 million.
the increase in net cash provided by financing activities for 2014 compared to 2013 was primarily due to an increase in distributions received of $42.9 million, an increase in net borrowings under our senior secured revolving credit facility of $16.0 million, partially offset by an increase in dividends paid of $25.2 million.
cash distributions                                             dividend                 total

for the three        date paid                      cash             limited               general                 incentive             distributions              declared                  dividend months ended         or to be paid          distribution             partner               partner              distribution                  to targa               per trc               declared to per limited               units              interest                    rights                 resources                common                    common partner unit                                                                                     corp. (1)                 share              shareholders
(in millions, except per unit amounts)
2015
december 31, 2015    february 9, 2016             0.8250                13.5                   4.0                      43.9                      61.4               0.91000                      51.7
september 30, 2015   november 16, 2015            0.8250                13.5                   4.0                      43.9                      61.4               0.91000                      51.2
june 30, 2015        august 17, 2015              0.8250                13.5                   4.0                      43.9                      61.4               0.87500                      49.2
march 31, 2015       may 18, 2015                 0.8200                13.4                   3.9                      41.7                      59.0               0.83000                      46.6
2014
december 31, 2014    february 17, 2015            0.8100                10.5                   2.7                      38.4                      51.6               0.77500                      32.8
september 30, 2014   november 14, 2014            0.7975                10.3                   2.6                      36.0                      48.9               0.73250                      31.0
june 30, 2014        august 14, 2014              0.7800                10.1                   2.5                      33.7                      46.3               0.69000                      29.2
march 31, 2014       may 15, 2014                 0.7625                 9.9                   2.4                      31.7                      44.0               0.64750                      27.4
2013
december 31, 2013    february 14, 2014            0.7475                 9.7                   2.3                      29.5                      41.5               0.60750                      25.6
september 30, 2013   november 14, 2013            0.7325                 9.5                   2.2                      26.9                      38.6               0.57000                      24.1
june 30, 2013        august 14, 2013              0.7150                 9.3                   2.0                      24.6                      35.9               0.53250                      22.5
march 31, 2013       may 15, 2013                 0.6975                 9.0                   1.9                      22.1                      33.0               0.49500                      21.0
distributions declared and paid on the partnership's outstanding preferred series a units were $1.5 million in 2015.
100
capital requirements the partnership's capital requirements relate to capital expenditures are classified as expansion expenditures, which include business acquisitions, or maintenance expenditures. expansion capital expenditures improve the service capability of the existing assets, extend asset useful lives, increase capacities from existing levels, add capabilities, reduce costs or enhance revenues, and fund acquisitions of businesses or assets. maintenance capital expenditures are those expenditures that are necessary to maintain the service capability of the partnership's existing assets, including the replacement of system components and equipment, that are worn, obsolete or completing their useful life, and expenditures to remain in compliance with environmental laws and regulations.
year ended december 31,

2015                       2014                   2013
(in millions)
capital expenditures:
consideration for business acquisitions                                                       $5,024.2                     $-                         $-
non-cash value of acquisition (1)                                                             (3,449.8    )                 -                          -
business acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                    1,574.4                      -                          -
expansion                                                                                        679.3                  668.7                      954.6
maintenance                                                                                       97.9                   79.1                       79.9
gross capital expenditures                                                                       777.2                  747.8                    1,034.5
transfers from materials and supplies inventory to property, plant and equipment                  (3.8    )              (4.6    )                 (20.5   )
decrease (increase) in capital project payables and accruals                                      43.8                   19.0                       (0.4   )
cash outlays for capital projects                                                                817.2                  762.2                    1,013.6
$2,391.6                 $762.2                   $1,013.6
(1)   includes the special gp interest and non-cash value of consideration (see note 4 - business acquisitions of the "consolidated financial statements").

the partnership currently estimates that it will invest $525 million or less in growth capital expenditures for announced projects in 2016. given the partnership's objective of growth through expansions of existing assets, other internal growth projects, and acquisitions, it anticipates that over time that it will invest significant amounts of capital to grow and acquire assets. future expansion capital expenditures may vary significantly based on investment opportunities. the partnership expects to fund future capital expenditures with funds generated from its operations, borrowings under the trp revolver and the securitization facility and proceeds from issuances of additional equity and debt securities. major organic growth projects for 2016 are discussed in "item 1. business - organic growth projects."
101
credit facilities and long-term debt the following table summarizes our debt obligations as of december 31, 2015 (in millions):
current:

partnership:
accounts receivable securitization facility, due december 2016                           $219.3
long-term:
non-partnership obligations:
trc senior secured revolving credit facility, variable rate, due february 2020            440.0
trc senior secured term loan, variable rate, due february 2022                            160.0
unamortized discount                                                                       (2.5   )
partnership obligations:
senior secured revolving credit facility, due october 2017                                280.0
senior unsecured notes, 5% fixed rate, due january 2018                                 1,100.0
senior unsecured notes, 41⁄8% fixed rate, due november 2019                                 800.0
senior unsecured notes, 65⁄8% fixed rate, due october 2020                                  342.1
unamortized premium                                                                         5.0
senior unsecured notes, 67⁄8% fixed rate, due february 2021                                 483.6
unamortized discount                                                                      (22.1   )
senior unsecured notes, 63⁄8% fixed rate, due august 2022                                   300.0
senior unsecured notes, 51⁄4% fixed rate, due may 2023                                      583.7
senior unsecured notes, 41⁄4% fixed rate, due november 2023                                 623.5
senior unsecured notes, 63⁄4% fixed rate, due march 2024                                    600.0
senior unsecured apl notes, 65⁄8% fixed rate, due october 2020                               12.9
unamortized premium                                                                         0.2
senior unsecured apl notes, 43⁄4% fixed rate, due november 2021                               6.5
senior unsecured apl notes, 57⁄8% fixed rate, due august 2023                                48.1
unamortized premium                                                                         0.5
total long-term debt                                                                    5,761.5
total debt                                                                             $5,980.8
we consolidate the debt of the partnership with that of our own; however, we do not have the contractual obligation to make interest or principal payments with respect to the debt of the partnership. our debt obligations do not restrict the ability of the partnership to make distributions to us. trc's credit agreement has restrictions and covenants that may limit our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. see note 9 - debt obligations of the "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report for more information of the restrictions and covenants in trc's credit agreement.
compliance with debt covenants as of december 31, 2015, both we and the partnership were in compliance with the covenants contained in our various debt agreements.
trc credit agreement atls merger financing activities in connection with the closing of the atlas mergers, we entered into the trc credit agreement. the trc credit agreement includes a new five year revolving credit facility that replaced the previous credit facility due october 3, 2017. in 2015, we incurred a charge of $0.2 million related to a write-off of debt issuance costs associated with the previous credit facility as a result of a change in syndicate members under the new trc credit agreement.
102
the trc credit agreement provides for a new five year revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount up to $670 million and a seven year variable rate term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of $430 million. this facility was issued at a 1.75% discount. the outstanding term loans are eurodollar rate loans with an interest rate of libor (with a libor floor of 1%) plus an applicable rate of 4.75%. we used the net proceeds from the term loan issuance and the revolving credit facility to fund cash components of the atls merger, including cash merger consideration and approximately $160.2 million related to change of control payments made by atls, cash settlements of equity awards and transaction fees and expenses. in march 2015, we repaid $188.0 million of the term loan and wrote off $3.3 million of the discount and $5.7 million of debt issuance costs. in june 2015, we repaid $82.0 million of the term loan and wrote off $1.4 million of the discount and $2.4 million of debt issuance costs. the write-off of the discount and debt issuance costs are reflected as loss from financing activities on the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended december 31, 2015.
we are required to pay a commitment fee ranging from 0.375% to 0.5% (dependent upon the company's stand-alone leverage ratio) on the daily average unused portion of the trc credit agreement. additionally, issued and undrawn letters of credit bear interest at an applicable ranging from 2.75% to 3.5% (dependent upon the company's stand-alone leverage ratio).
the trc credit agreement is secured by substantially all of the company's assets. the trc credit agreement requires us to maintain a stand-alone leverage ratio (the ratio of stand-alone funded indebtedness to stand-alone adjusted ebitda) of no more than (i) 4.50 to 1.00 for the fiscal quarter ending march 31, 2016 through the fiscal quarter ending december 31, 2016 and (ii) 4.00 to 1.00 for each fiscal quarter ending thereafter. the trc credit agreement restricts our ability to make dividends to shareholders if, on a pro forma basis after giving effect to such dividend, (a) any default or event of default has occurred and is continuing or (b) we are not in compliance with our stand-alone leverage ratio as of the last day of the most recent test period. in addition, the trc credit agreement includes various covenants that may limit, among other things, our ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, repay or amend the terms of certain other indebtedness, merge or consolidate, sell assets, and engage in transactions with affiliates.
the partnership's senior secured credit facility in october 2012, the partnership entered into a second amended and restated credit agreement that amended and replaced its variable rate senior secured credit facility due july 2015 to provide the trp revolver due october 3, 2017 (the "original agreement"). the original agreement had an available commitment of $1.2 billion and allowed the partnership to request up to an additional $300.0 million in commitment increases.
in february 2015, the partnership entered into the first amendment, waiver and incremental commitment agreement (the "first amendment") that amended its original agreement. the first amendment increased available commitments to $1.6 billion from $1.2 billion while retaining the partnership's ability to request up to an additional $300.0 million in commitment increases. in addition, the first amendment amended certain provisions of the existing trp revolver and designated each of tpl and its subsidiaries as an "unrestricted subsidiary." the partnership used proceeds from borrowings under the credit facility to fund some of the cash components of the apl merger, including $701.4 million for the repayments of the apl revolver and $28.8 million related to change of control payments.
the trp revolver bears interest, at the partnership's option, either at the base rate or the eurodollar rate. the base rate is equal to the highest of: (i) bank of america's prime rate; (ii) the federal funds rate plus 0.5%; or (iii) the one-month libor rate plus 1.0%, plus an applicable margin ranging from 0.75% to 1.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda). the eurodollar rate is equal to libor rate plus an applicable margin ranging from 1.75% to 2.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda).
the partnership is required to pay a commitment fee equal to an applicable rate ranging from 0.3% to 0.5% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda) times the actual daily average unused portion of the trp revolver. additionally, issued and undrawn letters of credit bear interest at an applicable rate ranging from 1.75% to 2.75% (dependent on the partnership's ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda).
the trp revolver is collateralized by a majority of the partnership's assets and the assets of its restricted subsidiaries. borrowings are guaranteed by the partnership's restricted subsidiaries.
103
the trp revolver restricts the partnership's ability to make distributions of available cash to unitholders if a default or an event of default (as defined in the trp revolver) exists or would result from such distribution. the trp revolver requires the partnership to maintain a ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated adjusted ebitda of no more than 5.50 to 1.00 and also requires the partnership to maintain a ratio of consolidated ebitda to consolidated interest expense of no less than 2.25 to 1.00. in addition, the trp revolver contains various covenants that may limit, among other things, the partnership's ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make investments, repay or amend the terms of certain other indebtedness, merge or consolidate, sell assets, and engage in transactions with affiliates (in each case, subject to the partnership's right to incur indebtedness or grant liens in connection with, and convey accounts receivable as part of, a permitted receivables financing).
the partnership's senior unsecured notes in may 2013, the partnership privately placed $625.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 41⁄4% notes. the 41⁄4% notes resulted in approximately $618.1 million of net proceeds, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and for general partnership purposes.
in june 2013, the partnership paid $106.4 million plus accrued interest, which included a premium of $6.4 million, to redeem $100.0 million of the outstanding 63⁄8% notes. the redemption resulted in a $7.4 million loss on debt redemption, including the write-off of $1.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs.
in july 2013, the partnership paid $76.8 million plus accrued interest, which included a premium of $4.1 million, per the terms of the note agreement to redeem the outstanding balance of the 111⁄4% notes. the redemption resulted in a $7.4 million loss on debt redemption in the third quarter 2013, including the write-off of $1.0 million of unamortized debt issuance costs.
in october 2014, the partnership privately placed $800.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 41⁄8% senior notes due 2019 (the "41⁄8% notes"). the 41⁄8% notes resulted in approximately $790.8 million of net proceeds, which were used to reduce borrowings under the trp revolver and securitization facility and for general partnership purposes.
in november 2014, the partnership redeemed the outstanding 77⁄8% notes at a price of 103.938% plus accrued interest through the redemption date. the redemption resulted in a $12.4 million loss on redemption for the year ended 2014, consisting of premiums paid of $9.9 million and a non-cash loss to write-off $2.5 million of unamortized debt issuance costs.
in january 2015, the partnership and targa resources partners finance corporation (collectively, the "partnership issuers") issued $1.1 billion in aggregate principal amount of 5% senior notes due 2018 (the "5% notes"). the 5% notes resulted in approximately $1,089.8 million of net proceeds after costs, which were used with borrowings under the partnership's senior secured credit facility to fund the apl notes tender offers and the change of control offer.
in september 2015, the partnership issuers issued $600.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 63⁄4% notes. the 63⁄4% notes resulted in approximately $595.0 million of net proceeds after costs, which were used to reduce borrowings under the partnership's senior secured credit facility and for general partnership purposes. the 63⁄4% notes are unsecured senior obligations that have substantially the same terms and covenants as the partnership's other senior notes.
debt repurchases in december 2015, the partnership repurchased on the open market a portion of various series of its outstanding senior notes paying $14.3 million plus accrued interest to repurchase $17.9 million of the outstanding balances. the december 2015 note repurchases resulted in a $3.6 million gain on debt repurchase and a write-off of $0.1 million in related deferred debt issuance costs.
the partnership may retire or purchase various series of its outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for other debt, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
104
apl merger financing activities apl senior notes tender offers in january 2015, the partnership commenced cash tender offers for any and all of the outstanding fixed rate senior secured notes to be acquired in the apl merger, referred to as the apl notes tender offers, which totaled $1.55 billion.
the results of the apl notes tender offers were:
senior notes     outstanding              amount            premium            accrued             total tender            % tendered             note balance note balance            tendered             paid             interest               offer                                       after tender paid                payments                                        offers

($ amounts in millions)
65⁄8% due 2020            $500.0              $140.1              $2.1                $3.7                  $145.9                 28.02   %               $359.9
43⁄4% due 2021             400.0               393.5               5.9                 5.3                   404.7                 98.38   %                  6.5
57⁄8% due 2023             650.0               601.9               8.7                 2.6                   613.2                 92.60   %                 48.1
total          $1,550.0            $1,135.5             $16.7               $11.6                $1,163.8                                         $414.5
in connection with the apl notes tender offers, on february 27, 2015, the supplemental indentures governing the 2021 apl notes and the 2023 apl notes of the apl issuers, became operative. these supplemental indentures eliminated substantially all of the restrictive covenants and certain events of default applicable to the 2021 apl notes and the 2023 apl notes that were not accepted for payment.
not having achieved the minimum tender condition on the 2020 apl notes, the partnership made a change of control offer, referred to as the change of control offer, for any and all of the 2020 apl notes in advance of, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the apl merger. in march 2015, holders representing $4.8 million of the outstanding 2020 apl notes tendered their notes requiring a payment of $5.0 million, which included the change of control premium and accrued interest.
payments made under the apl notes tender offers and change of control offer totaling $1,168.8 million are presented as financing activities for the partnership in the consolidated statements of cash flows.
exchange offer and consent solicitation on april 13, 2015, the partnership issuers commenced an offer to exchange (the "exchange offer") any and all of the outstanding 2020 apl notes, for an equal amount of new unsecured 65⁄8% senior notes due 2020 issued by the partnership issuers (the "65⁄8% notes" or the "trp 65⁄8% notes"). on april 27, 2015, the partnership had received tenders and consents from holders of approximately 96.3% of the total outstanding 2020 apl notes. as a result, the minimum tender condition to the exchange offer and related consent solicitation was satisfied, and the apl issuers entered into a supplemental indenture which eliminated substantially all of the restrictive covenants and certain events of default applicable to the 2020 apl notes.
in may 2015, upon the closing of the exchange offer, the partnership issuers issued $342.1 million aggregate principal amount of the trp 65⁄8% notes to holders of the 2020 apl notes which were validly tendered for exchange. the related $5.6 million premium, resulting from acquisition date fair value accounting, will be amortized as an adjustment to interest expense over the remaining term of the trp 65⁄8% notes. the partnership recognized $0.7 million of costs associated with the exchange offer, reflected as a loss from financing activities on the consolidated statements of operations.
105
selected terms of the senior unsecured notes outstanding as of december 31, 2015 are as follows:
note issue         issue date        per annum          due date          dates interest paid interest rate

"67⁄8% notes"       february 2011                 67⁄8%   february 1, 2021    february &amp; august 1st
"63⁄8% notes"       january 2012                  63⁄8%   august 1, 2022      february &amp; august 1st
"51⁄4% notes"       oct / dec 2012                51⁄4%   may 1, 2023         may &amp; november 1st
"41⁄4% notes"       may 2013                      41⁄4%   november 15, 2023   may &amp; november 15th
"41⁄8% notes"       october 2014                  41⁄8%   november 15, 2019   may &amp; november 15th
"5% notes"        january 2015                   5%   january 15, 2018    january &amp; july 15th
"65⁄8% notes"       may 2015                      65⁄8%   october 1, 2020     february &amp; october 1st
"63⁄4% notes"       september 2015                63⁄4%   march 15, 2024      march &amp; september 15th
"apl 65⁄8% notes"   sept 2012 (1)                 65⁄8%   october 1, 2020     april &amp; october 1st
"apl 43⁄4% notes"   may 2013 (1)                  43⁄4%   november 15, 2021   may &amp; november 15th
"apl 57⁄8% notes"   february 2013 (1)             57⁄8%   august 1, 2023      february &amp; august 1st
(1)   issue dates for apl notes are original dates of issuance. these notes were acquired in the apl merger. see note 4 - business acquisitions.

all issues of unsecured senior notes are obligations that rank pari passu in right of payment with existing and future senior indebtedness, including indebtedness under the trp revolver. they are senior in right of payment to any of the partnership's future subordinated indebtedness and are unconditionally guaranteed by the partnership. these notes are effectively subordinated to all secured indebtedness under the trp revolver, which is secured by a majority of its assets and the partnership's securitization facility, which is secured by accounts receivable pledged under it, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing that indebtedness. interest on all issues of senior unsecured notes is payable semi-annually in arrears.
the partnership's senior unsecured notes and associated indenture agreements restrict its ability to make distributions to unitholders in the event of default (as defined in the indentures). the indentures also restrict the partnership's ability and the ability of certain of the partnership's subsidiaries to: (i) incur additional debt or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; (ii) pay certain distributions on or repurchase equity interests (only if such distributions do not meet specified conditions); (iii) make certain investments; (iv) incur liens; (v) enter into transactions with affiliates; (vi) merge or consolidate with another company; and (vii) transfer and sell assets. these covenants are subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. if at any time when the notes are rated investment grade by moody's or s&p (or rated investment grade by both moody's and s&p for the 67⁄8% notes) and no default or event of default (each as defined in the indentures) has occurred and is continuing, many of such covenants will terminate and we will cease to be subject to such covenants.
accounts receivable securitization facility the securitization facility provides up to $225.0 million of borrowing capacity at libor market index rates plus a margin through december 9, 2016. under the securitization facility, tms contributes receivables to tgm, and tgm and tlmt sell or contribute receivables, without recourse, to trllc. trllc, in turn, sells an undivided percentage ownership in the eligible receivables to a third-party financial institution. receivables up to the amount of the outstanding debt under the securitization facility are not available to satisfy the claims of the creditors of tlmt, tms, tgm or the partnership. any excess receivables are eligible to satisfy the claims of creditors of tlmt, tms, tgm or the partnership. as of december 31, 2015, total funding under the securitization facility was $219.3 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, there were $24.5 million in surety bonds outstanding related to various performance obligations. these are in place to support various performance obligations for the partnership as required by (i) statutes within the regulatory jurisdictions where the partnership operates, (ii) surety, and (iii) counterparty support. obligations under these surety bonds are not normally called, as the partnership typically complies with the underlying performance requirement.
106
contractual obligations in addition to disclosures related to debt and lease obligations, contained in notes 10 and 16 of the "consolidated financial statements" beginning on page f-1 of this annual report, the following is a summary of certain contractual obligations over the next several years:
payments due by period

contractual obligations                                     total               less than                  1-3 years                  3-5 years                  more than
1 year                                                                          5 years
(in millions, except volumetric information)
non-partnership obligations:
debt obligations (1)                                       $600.0                      $-                         $-                     $440.0                     $160.0
interest on debt obligations (2)                            107.0                    19.3                       38.5                       38.5                       10.7
operating leases (3)                                          8.5                     3.6                        3.8                        1.1                    -
partnership obligations:
debt obligations (1)                                      5,180.4                       -                    1,380.0                    1,155.0                    2,645.4
interest on debt obligations (2)                          1,554.4                   280.3                      548.2                      385.0                      340.9
operating leases (3)                                         45.2                    16.0                       19.6                        6.5                        3.1
land site lease and right-of-way (4)                         11.0                     2.4                        4.5                        4.1                    -
partnership purchase obligations: (5)
pipeline capacity and throughput agreements (6)             474.7                    88.9                      131.8                      101.9                      152.1
commodities (7)                                              61.2                    61.2                          -                          -                    -
purchase commitments and service contract (8)               202.9                   191.4                        8.6                        2.9                    -
$8,245.3                  $663.1                   $2,135.0                   $2,135.0                   $3,312.2
commodity volumetric commitments:
natural gas (mmbtu)                                          24.8                    24.8                          -                          -                    -
ngl and petroleum products (millions of gallons)             16.6                    16.6                          -                          -                    -
(1)   represents scheduled future maturities of consolidated debt obligations for the periods indicated.

(2)   represents interest expense on debt obligations based on both fixed debt interest rates and prevailing december 31, 2015 rates for floating debt.

(3)   includes minimum payments on lease obligations for office space, railcars and tractors.

(4)   land site lease and right-of-way provides for surface and underground access for gathering, processing and distribution assets that are located on property not owned by us. these agreements expire at various dates with varying terms, some of which are perpetual.

(5)   a purchase obligation represents an agreement to purchase goods or services that is enforceable, legally binding and specifies all significant terms, including: fixed minimum or variable prices provisions; and the approximate timing of the transaction.

(6)   consists of pipeline capacity payments for firm transportation and throughput and deficiency agreements.

(7)   includes natural gas and ngl purchase commitments. contracts that will be settled at future spot prices are valued using prices as of december 31, 2015.

(8)   includes commitments for capital expenditures, operating expenses and service contracts.

critical accounting policies and estimates the preparation of financial statements in accordance with gaap requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the period. actual results could differ from these estimates. the policies and estimates discussed below are considered by management to be critical to an understanding of our financial statements because their application requires the most significant judgments from management in estimating matters for financial reporting that are inherently uncertain. see the description of our accounting policies in the notes to the financial statements for additional information about our critical accounting policies and estimates.
107
property, plant and equipment and intangibles in general, depreciation and amortization is the systematic and rational allocation of an asset's cost, less its residual value (if any), to the period it benefits. our and the partnership's property, plant and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the assets. the estimate of depreciation incorporates assumptions regarding the useful economic lives and residual values of our assets. amortization expense attributable to intangible assets is recorded on a straight-line basis or, where more appropriate, in a manner that closely resembles the expected pattern in which the partnership benefits from services provided to its customers. at the time assets are placed in service, we believe such assumptions are reasonable; however, circumstances may develop that would cause us to change these assumptions, which would change our depreciation/amortization amounts prospectively. examples of such circumstances include:
·   changes in energy prices;

·   changes in competition;

·   changes in laws and regulations that limit the estimated economic life of an asset;

·   changes in technology that render an asset obsolete;

·   changes in expected salvage values; and

·   changes in the forecast life of applicable resources basins.

we evaluate long-lived assets, including related intangibles, of identifiable business activities for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate, in management's judgment, that the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. as a result of this evaluation, the carrying value of certain louisiana gas processing facilities and associated gathering systems in the coastal gathering and processing segment was reduced by $32.6 million and $3.2 million during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 as a result of reduced forecasted gas processing volumes due to market conditions and processing spreads. these carrying value adjustments are included in depreciation and amortization expenses on our consolidated statements of operations. there have been no other significant changes impacting long-lived assets.
goodwill goodwill results when the cost of an acquisition exceeds the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the acquired business. we and the partnership evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually, as of november 30th, as well as whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate it is more likely than not the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
our evaluation as of november 30, 2015 utilized the income approach (a discounted cash flow analysis ("dcf")) to estimate the fair values of our reporting units. the future cash flows for our reporting units were based on our estimates, at that time, of future revenues, income from operations and other factors, such as working capital and capital expenditures. we took into account current and expected industry and market conditions, commodity pricing and volumetric forecasts in the basins in which the reporting units operate. the discount rates used in our dcf analysis were based on a weighted average cost of capital determined from relevant market comparisons.
based on the results of our evaluation, we have recorded a provisional goodwill impairment of $290.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2015 and reduced the carrying value of goodwill to $417.0 million as of december 31, 2015.
revenue recognition the partnership's operating revenues are primarily derived from the following activities:
·   sales of natural gas, ngls, condensate and petroleum products;

108
·   services related to compressing, gathering, treating, and processing of natural gas;

·   services related to gathering, storing and terminaling of crude oil; and

·   services related to ngl fractionation, terminaling and storage, transportation and treating.

we recognize revenues when all of the following criteria are met: (1) persuasive evidence of an exchange arrangement exists, if applicable; (2) delivery has occurred or services have been rendered; (3) the price is fixed or determinable and (4) collectability is reasonably assured.
price risk management (hedging)
the partnership's net income and cash flows are subject to volatility stemming from changes in commodity prices and interest rates. to reduce the volatility of our cash flows, the partnership has entered into derivative financial instruments related to a portion of its equity volumes to manage the purchase and sales prices of commodities. we are exposed to the credit risk of certain of the partnership's counterparties in these derivative financial instruments. the partnership's futures contracts have limited credit risk since they are cleared through an exchange and are settled daily. we also monitor ngl inventory levels with a view to mitigating losses related to downward price exposure.
the partnership's cash flow is affected by the derivative financial instruments it enters into to the extent these instruments are settled by (i) making or receiving a payment to/from the counterparty or (ii) making or receiving a payment for entering into a contract that exactly offsets the original derivative financial instrument. typically a derivative financial instrument is settled when the physical transaction that underlies the derivative financial instrument occurs.
one of the primary factors that can affect the partnership's operating results each period is the price assumptions used to value the partnership's derivative financial instruments, which are reflected at their fair values in the balance sheet. the relationship between the derivative financial instruments and the hedged item must be highly effective in achieving the offset of changes in cash flows attributable to the hedged risk both at the inception of the derivative financial instrument and on an ongoing basis. hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively when a derivative financial instrument becomes ineffective. gains and losses deferred in other comprehensive income related to cash flow hedges for which hedge accounting has been discontinued remain deferred until the forecasted transaction occurs. if it is probable that a hedged forecasted transaction will not occur, deferred gains or losses on the derivative financial instrument are reclassified to earnings immediately.
the estimated fair value of the partnership's derivative financial instruments was a net asset of $119.5 million as of december 31, 2015, net of an adjustment for credit risk. the credit risk adjustment is based on the default probabilities by year as indicated by the counterparties' credit default swap transactions. these default probabilities have been applied to the unadjusted fair values of the derivative financial instruments to arrive at the credit risk adjustment, which is immaterial for all periods covered by this annual report. the partnership has an active credit management process which is focused on controlling loss exposure to bankruptcies or other liquidity issues of counterparties.
use of estimates when preparing financial statements in conformity with gaap, management must make estimates and assumptions based on information available at the time. these estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements. estimates and judgments are based on information available at the time such estimates and judgments are made. adjustments made with respect to the use of these estimates and judgments often relate to information not previously available. uncertainties with respect to such estimates and judgments are inherent in the preparation of financial statements. estimates and judgments are used in, among other things, (1) estimating unbilled revenues, product purchases and operating and general and administrative costs, (2) developing fair value assumptions, including estimates of future cash flows and discount rates, (3) analyzing long-lived assets for possible impairment, (4) estimating the useful lives of assets,(5) determining amounts to accrue for contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications and (6) valuing mandatorily redeemable preferred interests. actual results, therefore, could differ materially from estimated amounts.
109
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that will affect us, see "recent accounting pronouncements" included under note 3 - significant accounting policies of our "consolidated financial statements."
