item 1a.   risk factors.

you should read the following risk factors in conjunction with the factors discussed elsewhere in this and other of our filings with the securities and exchange commission (sec) and in materials incorporated by reference into these filings. these risk factors are intended to highlight certain factors that may affect our financial condition and results of operations and are not meant to be an exhaustive discussion of risks that apply to companies like ti with broad international operations. like other companies, we are susceptible to macroeconomic downturns in the united states or abroad that may affect the general economic climate and our performance and the performance of our customers. similarly, the price of our securities is subject to volatility due to fluctuations in general market conditions, actual financial results that do not meet our and/or the investment community's expectations, changes in our and/or the investment community's expectations for our future results and other factors, many of which are beyond our control.
we face substantial competition that requires us to respond rapidly to product development and pricing pressures.
we face intense technological and pricing competition in the markets in which we operate. we expect this competition will continue to increase from large competitors and from smaller competitors serving niche markets, and also from emerging companies, particularly in asia, that sell products into the same markets in which we operate. for example, the china market is highly competitive, and both international and domestic competitors are aggressively seeking to increase their market share. additionally, we may face increased competition as a result of china's adoption of policies designed to promote its domestic semiconductor industry. certain of our competitors possess sufficient financial, technical and management resources to develop and market products that may compete favorably against our products, and consolidation among our competitors may allow them to compete more effectively. additionally, traditional intellectual property licensors are increasingly providing functionality, designs and complete hardware or software solutions that compete with our products. the price and product development pressures that result from competition may lead to reduced profit margins and lost business opportunities in the event that we are unable to match the price declines or cost efficiencies, or meet the technological, product, support, software or manufacturing advancements of our competitors.
rapid technological change in markets we serve requires us to develop new technologies and products.
rapid technological change in markets we serve could contribute to shortened product life cycles and a decline in average selling prices of our products. our results of operations depend in part upon our ability to successfully develop, manufacture and market innovative products. we require significant investments to develop new technologies and products that meet changing customer demands, and we might not realize a return on our investments because they are generally made before commercial viability can be assured. further, projects that are commercially viable may not contribute significant revenue until at least a few years after they are completed.
changes in expected demand for our products could have a material adverse effect on  our results of operations.
our customers include companies in a wide range of end markets and sectors within those markets. if demand in one or more sectors within our end markets declines or grows at a significantly slower pace than management expects, our results of operations may be adversely affected. additionally, the loss or significant curtailment of purchases by one or more of our large customers, including curtailments due to a change in the design or manufacturing sourcing policies or practices of these customers, or the timing of customer or distributor inventory adjustments, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
9
our results of operations also might suffer because of a general decline in customer demand resulting from, for example: uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; natural events or domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions; breaches of customer information technology systems that disrupt customer operations; or a customer's inability to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity.
our ability to match inventory and production with the product mix needed to fill orders may affect our ability to meet a quarter's revenue forecast. in addition, when responding to customers' requests for shorter shipment lead times, we manufacture products based on forecasts of customers' demands. these forecasts are based on multiple assumptions. if we inaccurately forecast customer demand, we may hold inadequate, excess or obsolete inventory that would reduce our profit margins and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
our margins may vary over time.
our profit margins may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including decreases in customer demand and shipment volume; obsolescence of our inventory; and shifts in our product mix. in addition, we operate in a highly competitive market environment that might adversely affect pricing for our products. because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating costs is fixed. in general, these fixed costs do not decline with reductions in customer demand or factory loadings, and can adversely affect profit margins as a result.
cyclicality in the semiconductor market may affect our performance.
semiconductor products are the principal source of our revenue. the cyclical nature of the semiconductor market may lead to significant and often rapid increases and decreases in product demand. these changes could have adverse effects on our results of operations, and on the market price of our securities.
our global operations subject us to risks associated with domestic or international political, social, economic or other conditions.
we have facilities in more than 30 countries. about 85 percent of our revenue comes from shipments to locations outside the united states; in particular, shipments of products into china typically represent a large portion of our revenue. we are exposed to political, social and economic conditions, security risks, terrorism or other hostile acts, health conditions, labor conditions, and possible disruptions in transportation, communications and information technology networks of the various countries in which we operate. any of these could result in an adverse effect on our operations and our financial results. additionally, in periods when the u.s. dollar significantly fluctuates in relation to the non-u.s. currencies in which we transact business, the remeasurement of non-u.s. dollar transactions can have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.
our results of operations could be affected by natural events in the locations in which we operate.
we have manufacturing, data and design facilities and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences such as severe weather, geological events or health epidemics that could disrupt operations. a natural disaster that results in a prolonged disruption to our operations may adversely affect our results and financial condition.
we face supply chain and manufacturing risks.
we rely on third parties to supply us with goods and services in a cost-effective and timely manner. our access to needed goods and services may be adversely affected if our suppliers' operations were disrupted as a result of, for example: quality excursions; uncertainty regarding the stability of global credit and financial markets; domestic or international political, social, economic and other conditions; natural events in the locations in which our suppliers operate; or limited or delayed access to key raw materials, natural resources, and utilities. additionally, a breach of our suppliers' information technology systems could result in a release of our confidential or proprietary information. if our suppliers are unable to access credit markets and other sources of needed liquidity, we may be unable to obtain needed supplies, collect accounts receivable or access needed technology.
in particular, our manufacturing processes and critical manufacturing equipment require that certain key raw materials, natural resources and utilities be available. limited or delayed access to and high costs of these items could adversely affect our results of operations. our products contain materials that are subject to conflict minerals reporting requirements. our relationships with customers and suppliers may be adversely affected if we are unable to describe our products as conflict-free. additionally, our costs may increase if one or more of our customers demands that we change the sourcing of materials we cannot identify as conflict-free.
10
our inability to timely implement new manufacturing technologies or install manufacturing equipment could adversely affect our results of operations. we subcontract a portion of our wafer fabrication and assembly and testing of our products, and we depend on third parties to provide advanced logic manufacturing process technology development. we do not have long-term contracts with all of these suppliers, and the number of alternate suppliers is limited. reliance on these suppliers involves risks, including possible shortages of capacity in periods of high demand, suppliers' inability to develop and deliver advanced logic manufacturing process technology in a timely, cost effective, and appropriate manner and the possibility of suppliers' imposition of increased costs on us.
our operating results and our reputation could be adversely affected by breaches of our information technology systems.
breaches of our information technology systems could be caused by computer viruses, unauthorized access, sabotage, vandalism or terrorism. these breaches could compromise our information technology networks and could result in unauthorized release of our, our customers' or our suppliers' confidential or proprietary information, cause a disruption to our manufacturing and other operations, result in release of employee personal data, or cause us to incur increased information technology protection costs, any of which could adversely affect our operating results and our reputation.
our performance depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property rights and to develop and license new intellectual property.
access to worldwide markets depends in part on the continued strength of our intellectual property portfolio. there can be no assurance that, as our business expands into new areas, we will be able to independently develop the technology, software or know-how necessary to conduct our business or that we can do so without infringing the intellectual property rights of others. to the extent that we have to rely on licensed technology from others, there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain licenses at all or on terms we consider reasonable. the lack of a necessary license could expose us to claims for damages and/or injunction from third parties, as well as claims for indemnification by our customers in instances where we have a contractual or other legal obligation to indemnify them against damages resulting from infringement claims.
we actively enforce and protect our own intellectual property rights. however, there can be no assurance that our efforts will be adequate to prevent misappropriation or improper use of our protected technology. moreover, the laws of countries where we operate may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as u.s. laws.
we benefit from royalty revenue generated from various patent license agreements. the amount of such revenue depends in part on negotiations with new licensees, and with existing licensees in connection with renewals of their licenses. there is no guarantee that such negotiations will be successful. future royalty revenue also depends on the strength and enforceability of our patent portfolio and our enforcement efforts, and on the sales and financial stability of our licensees. additionally, consolidation of our licensees may negatively affect our royalty revenue. royalty revenue from licensees is not always uniform or predictable, in part due to the performance of our licensees and in part due to the timing of new license agreements or the expiration and renewal of existing agreements.
our operations could be affected by the complex laws, rules and regulations to which our business is subject.
we are subject to complex laws, rules and regulations affecting our domestic and international operations relating to, for example, the environment, safety and health; exports and imports; bribery and corruption; tax; data privacy and protection; labor and employment; competition; and intellectual property ownership and infringement. compliance with these laws, rules and regulations may be onerous and expensive, and if we fail to comply or if we become subject to enforcement activity, our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business could be restricted and we could be subject to fines, penalties or other legal liability. furthermore, should these laws, rules and regulations be amended or expanded, or new ones enacted, we could incur materially greater compliance costs or restrictions on our ability to manufacture our products and operate our business.
some of these complex laws, rules and regulations - for example, those related to environmental, safety and health requirements - may particularly affect us in the jurisdictions in which we manufacture products, especially if such laws and regulations: require the use of abatement equipment beyond what we currently employ; require the addition or elimination of a raw material or process to or from our current manufacturing processes; or impose costs, fees or reporting requirements on the direct or indirect use of energy, natural resources, or materials or gases used or emitted into the environment in connection with the manufacture of our products. a substitute for a prohibited raw material or process might not be available, or might not be available at reasonable cost.
11
our results of operations and our reputation could be affected by warranty claims, product recalls, product liability claims, or legal proceedings.
we could be subject to claims based on warranty, product liability, epidemic or delivery failures, or other grounds relating to our products, manufacturing, services, designs or communications that could lead to significant expenses as we defend such claims or pay damage awards or settlements. in the event of a claim, we may also incur costs if we decide to compensate the affected customer or end consumer. we maintain product liability insurance, but there is no guarantee that such insurance will be available or adequate to protect against all such claims. in addition, it is possible for one of our customers to recall a product containing a ti part. in such instances, we may incur costs and expenses relating to the recall. costs or payments we may make in connection with warranty, epidemic failure and delivery claims, product recalls or other legal proceedings may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition and our reputation.
our results of operations could be affected by changes in tax-related matters.
we have facilities in more than 30 countries and as a result are subject to taxation and audit by a number of taxing authorities. tax rates vary among the jurisdictions in which we operate. if our tax rate increases, our results of operations could be adversely affected. a number of factors could cause our tax rate to increase, including a change in the jurisdictions in which our profits are earned and taxed; a change in the mix of profits from those jurisdictions; changes in available tax credits; changes in applicable tax rates; or adverse resolution of audits by taxing authorities.
in addition, we are subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions that determine how much profit has been earned and when it is subject to taxation in that jurisdiction. changes in these laws and regulations could affect the locations where we are deemed to earn income, which could in turn affect our results of operations. we have deferred tax assets on our balance sheet. changes in applicable tax laws and regulations or in our business performance could affect our ability to realize those deferred tax assets, which could also affect our results of operations. each quarter we forecast our tax liability based on our forecast of our performance for the year. if that performance forecast changes, our forecasted tax liability will change.
we have not made a provision for u.s. income tax on the portion of our undistributed earnings of our non-u.s. subsidiaries that is considered permanently reinvested outside the united states. if in the future we repatriate any of these foreign earnings, we might incur incremental u.s. income tax, which could affect our results of operations.
our results of operations could be adversely affected by our distributors' promotion of competing product lines or our distributors' financial performance.
in 2015, about 60 percent of our revenue was generated from sales of our products through distributors. our distributors carry competing product lines, and our sales could be affected if our distributors promote competing products over our products. moreover, our results of operations could be affected if our distributors suffer financial difficulties that result in their inability to pay amounts owed to us.
our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected if a customer or a distributor suffers a loss with respect to our inventory.
we have consignment inventory programs in place for some of our largest customers and distributors. if a customer or distributor were to experience a loss with respect to ti-consigned inventory, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected if we do not recover the full value of the lost inventory from the customer, distributor or insurer, or if our recovery is delayed.
our debt could affect our operations and financial condition.
from time to time, we issue debt securities with various interest rates and maturities. while we believe we will have the ability to service this debt, our ability to make principal and interest payments when due depends upon our future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, and business and other factors affecting our operations, including the other risk factors described under item 1a, many of which are beyond our control. in addition, our obligation to make principal and interest payments could divert funds that otherwise would be invested in our operations or returned to shareholders, or could cause us to raise funds by, for example, issuing new debt or equity or selling assets.
12
our results of operations and liquidity could be affected by changes in the financial markets.
we maintain bank accounts, one or more multi-year revolving credit agreements, and a portfolio of investments to support the financing needs of the company. our ability to fund our operations, invest in our business, make strategic acquisitions, service our debt obligations and meet our cash return objectives depends upon continuous access to our bank and investment accounts, and may depend on access to our bank credit lines that support commercial paper borrowings and provide additional liquidity through short-term bank loans. if we are unable to access these accounts and credit lines (for example, due to instability in the financial markets), our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected and our ability to access the capital markets or redeem our investments could be restricted.
increases in health care and pension benefit costs could affect our results of operations and financial condition.
federal and state health care reform programs could increase our costs with regard to medical coverage of our employees, which could reduce profitability and affect our results of operations and financial condition. in addition, obligations related to our pension and other postretirement plans reflect assumptions that affect the planned funding and costs of these plans, including the actual return on plan assets, discount rates, plan participant population demographics and changes in pension regulations. changes in these assumptions may affect plan funding, cash flow and results of operations, and our costs and funding obligations could increase significantly if our plans' actual experience differs from these assumptions.
our continued success depends in part on our ability to retain and recruit a sufficient number of qualified employees in a competitive environment.
our continued success depends in part on the retention and recruitment of skilled personnel, including technical, marketing, management and staff personnel. there can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully retain and recruit the key personnel that we require.
our ability to successfully implement business and organizational changes could affect our business plans and results of operations.
from time to time, we undertake business and organizational changes, including acquisitions, divestitures and restructuring actions, to support or carry out our strategic objectives. our failure to successfully implement these changes could adversely affect our business plans and operating results. for example, we may not realize the expected benefits of an acquisition if we are unable to timely and successfully integrate acquired operations, product lines and technology, and our pre-acquisition due diligence may not identify all possible issues and risks that might arise with respect to an acquisition. further, we may not achieve or sustain the expected growth or cost savings benefits of business and organizational changes, and restructuring charges could differ materially in amount and timing from our expectations.
material impairments of our goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our results of operations.
charges associated with impairments of our goodwill or intangible assets could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. goodwill is reviewed for impairment annually or more frequently if certain impairment indicators arise or upon the disposition of a significant portion of a reporting unit. the review compares the fair value for each reporting unit to its associated book value including goodwill. a decrease in the fair value associated with a reporting unit resulting from, among other things, unfavorable changes in the estimated future discounted cash flow of the reporting unit, may require us to recognize impairments of goodwill. most of our intangible assets are amortized over their estimated useful lives, but they are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. if the sum of the future undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the intangible asset and its eventual disposition is less than the carrying amount of the asset, we would recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations.

overview we design, make and sell semiconductors to electronics designers and manufacturers all over the world. our business model is carefully constructed around the following attributes:
·   industry's broadest portfolio of differentiated analog and embedded processing semiconductors. our customers' design engineers need at least one, and most times multiple, chips for their systems. the breadth of our portfolio means we can solve more of these needs than can our competitors, which gives us access to more customers and the opportunity to generate more revenue per system. we invest more than $1 billion each year to develop new products for our portfolio.

·   a strong foundation of manufacturing technology and low-cost production. we invest in manufacturing technologies that differentiate the features of our semiconductors, and we do most of our own production in-house, as opposed to outsourcing it. this ability to directly control our manufacturing helps ensure a consistent supply of products for our customers. we produce billions of semiconductors each year on a mixture of 150-, 200- and 300-millimeter wafers, and we are able to keep costs low for manufacturing facilities and equipment because our analog and much of our embedded processing semiconductors can be made using mature assets that we acquire ahead of demand when their prices are most attractive. in 2015, we produced approximately 25 percent of our analog semiconductors on 300-millimeter wafers, the industry's largest wafers, which have a 40 percent cost advantage per unpackaged chip over 200-millimeter wafers. the majority of our future analog growth will be produced on 300-millimeter wafers, which will be meaningful to the growth of our margins and cash flow over the long term.

·   industry's largest market channels. our global sales force is larger than those of our competitors, and the breadth of our portfolio attracts tens of millions of visits to our web site each year where customers often begin their initial product searches and design-in journey. these capabilities combine to provide us unique access to more than 100,000 customers.

·   diversity and longevity in our products and in the markets we serve. the attributes above result in diverse and long-lived positions that deliver high terminal value to our shareholders. because of the breadth of our portfolio we are not dependent on any single product, and because of the breadth of our markets we are not dependent on any single application or customer. some of our products generate revenue for decades, which strengthens the return on our investments.

the combined effect of these attributes is that we have consistently grown free cash flow and gained market share in analog and embedded processing. these attributes put us in a unique class of companies with the ability to grow, generate cash, and return that cash to shareholders.
management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations (md&a) should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the related notes that appear elsewhere in this document. in the following discussion of our results of operations:
·   all dollar amounts in the tables are stated in millions of u.s. dollars.

·   when we discuss our results:

o   unless otherwise noted, changes in our revenue are attributable to changes in customer demand, which are evidenced by fluctuations in shipment volumes.

o   new products tend not to have a significant impact on our revenue in any given period because we sell such a large number of products.

o   from time to time, our revenue and gross profit are affected by changes in demand for higher-priced or lower-priced products, which we refer to as changes in the "mix" of products shipped.

o   because we own much of our manufacturing capacity, a significant portion of our operating cost is fixed. when factory loadings decrease, our fixed costs are spread over reduced output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins decrease. conversely, as factory loadings increase, our fixed costs are spread over increased output and, absent other circumstances, our profit margins increase. increases and decreases in factory loadings tend to correspond to increases and decreases in demand.

o   the term "legacy wireless products" refers to our baseband products, omaptm applications processors and connectivity products sold into smartphones and consumer tablets. our exit from legacy wireless products was complete in 2013.

17
·   our segments represent groups of similar products that are combined on the basis of similar design and development requirements, product characteristics, manufacturing processes and distribution channels, and how management allocates resources and measures results. see note 1 to the financial statements for more information regarding our segments.

results of operations we continued to perform well in 2015, reflecting our focus on analog and embedded processing semiconductors. these products serve highly diverse markets with thousands of applications, and we believe have dependable long-term growth opportunities. in 2015, analog and embedded processing represented 86 percent of revenue, up from 83 percent in 2014. gross margin of 58.2 percent for the year, a new record, reflects the quality of our product portfolio, as well as the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy.
our focus on analog and embedded processing allows us to generate strong cash flow from operations. in 2015, free cash flow, also a record, was 28.6 percent of revenue, up from 26.9 percent a year ago and consistent with our targeted range of 20-30 percent of revenue. during the year, we returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends. free cash flow is a non-gaap financial measure. for a reconciliation to gaap and an explanation of the reason for providing this non-gaap measure, see the non-gaap financial information section after the liquidity and capital resources section.
details of financial results - 2015 compared with 2014
revenue of $13.00 billion was about even with 2014, as higher revenue from analog and embedded processing was offset by lower revenue from other. our 2015 revenue was negatively affected by about $150 million from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
gross profit was $7.56 billion, an increase of $133 million, or 2 percent, due to lower manufacturing costs. gross profit margin was 58.2 percent of revenue compared with 56.9 percent.
operating expenses were $1.28 billion for r&d and $1.75 billion for sg&a. r&d expense decreased $78 million, or 6 percent, and sg&a decreased $95 million, or 5 percent. both comparisons reflect savings from ongoing efforts across the company to align costs with growth opportunities, including the completed restructuring actions in embedded processing and japan. these decreases were partially offset by higher compensation-related costs.
acquisition charges were related to our 2011 acquisition of national semiconductor and were $329 million, about even with 2014. these non-cash charges were primarily from the amortization of intangible assets. see note 13 to the financial statements.
restructuring charges/other was a net credit of $71 million, which included gains on sales of assets of $83 million that were partially offset by $12 million related to restructuring charges and other credits. this compared with a net credit of $51 million in 2014, reflecting gains on sales of assets of $75 million that were partially offset by restructuring charges and other expenses of $24 million. these amounts are included in other for segment reporting purposes. see note 3 to the financial statements.
operating profit was $4.27 billion, or 32.9 percent of revenue, compared with $3.95 billion, or 30.3 percent of revenue.
the income tax provision was $1.23 billion compared with $1.05 billion. the increase in the total tax provision was due to higher income before income taxes and, to a lesser extent, a lower benefit from non-u.s. effective tax rates. our annual effective tax rate was 29 percent in 2015 and 27 percent in 2014. see note 6 to the financial statements for a reconciliation of the income tax provision to the statutory federal tax.
net income was $2.99 billion, an increase of $165 million, or 6 percent. eps was $2.82 compared with $2.57. eps benefited $0.07 due to a lower number of average shares outstanding as a result of our stock repurchase program.
in the near term, for the first quarter of 2016, we expect about a $150 million decline in revenue from the first quarter of 2015 within a sector of the personal electronics market.
18
segment results - 2015 compared with 2014
analog (includes high volume analog & logic (hval), power management (power), high performance analog (hpa) and silicon valley analog (sva) product lines)
2015                  2014              change

revenue                                  $8,339                $8,104               3   %
operating profit                          3,048                 2,786               9   %
operating profit % of revenue              36.6   %              34.4   %
analog revenue increased primarily due to hval. power and sva also grew, but to a lesser extent. hpa declined due to the mix of products shipped. operating profit increased due to higher revenue and associated gross profit and, to a lesser extent, lower manufacturing costs.
embedded processing (includes microcontrollers, processors and connectivity product lines)
2015                2014             change

revenue                                $2,787              $2,740               2   %
operating profit                          596                 384              55   %
operating profit % of revenue            21.4   %            14.0   %
embedded processing revenue increased due about equally to connectivity and microcontrollers, which together offset a decline in processors. operating profit increased primarily due to lower operating expenses.
other (includes dlp products, calculators, custom asics and royalties)
2015                2014             change

revenue                                $1,874              $2,201             (15   )%
operating profit*                         630                 777             (19   )%
operating profit % of revenue            33.6   %            35.3   %
*includes acquisition charges and restructuring charges/other other revenue declined primarily due to custom asics. revenue from dlp products also declined, but to a lesser extent. operating profit declined primarily due to lower revenue and associated gross profit.
prior results of operations in 2014, analog revenue grew 13 percent and embedded processing revenue grew 12 percent. gross margin of 56.9 percent for 2014 reflected the diversity and longevity of our product portfolio, as well as the efficiency of our manufacturing strategy. in 2014, free cash flow was 26.9 percent of revenue, up from 24.4 percent in 2013. during 2014, we returned $4.2 billion of cash to investors through a combination of stock repurchases and dividends.
details of financial results - 2014 compared with 2013
revenue was $13.05 billion, up $840 million, or 7 percent, from 2013 due to higher revenue from analog and embedded processing. these increases more than offset lower revenue from legacy wireless products.
gross profit was $7.43 billion, an increase of $1.06 billion, or 17 percent, from 2013 primarily due to higher revenue and, to a lesser extent, the mix of products shipped. gross profit margin was 56.9 percent of revenue compared with 52.1 percent in 2013.
operating expenses were $1.36 billion for r&d and $1.84 billion for sg&a. r&d expense decreased $164 million, or 11 percent, from 2013 primarily due to savings from ongoing efforts across the company to align costs with growth opportunities, including the wind-down of our legacy wireless products and restructuring actions in embedded processing and japan. sg&a expense was about even, as higher variable compensation costs were offset by savings from our cost alignment efforts.
acquisition charges were related to our 2011 acquisition of national semiconductor and were $330 million compared with $341 million in 2013. the charges were primarily from the amortization of intangible assets.
19
restructuring charges/other was a net credit of $51 million, which included gains on sales of assets of $75 million that were partially offset by restructuring charges and other expenses of $24 million. this compared with a net credit of $189 million in 2013, reflecting a $315 million gain from our transfer of wireless connectivity technology to a customer that was partially offset by restructuring charges of $126 million.
operating profit was $3.95 billion, or 30.3 percent of revenue, compared with $2.83 billion, or 23.2 percent, in 2013.
the income tax provision was $1.05 billion compared with $592 million in 2013. the increase in the total tax provision was due to higher income before income taxes and, to a lesser extent, the effect of the retroactive reinstatement of the federal research tax credit for 2012 in 2013. our annual effective tax rate was 27 percent in 2014 and 24 percent in 2013.
net income was $2.82 billion, an increase of $659 million, or 30 percent, from 2013. eps was $2.57 compared with $1.91 in 2013. eps benefited $0.07 from 2013 due to a lower number of average shares outstanding as a result of our stock repurchase program.
segment results - 2014 compared with 2013
analog
2014                  2013              change

revenue                                  $8,104                $7,194              13   %
operating profit                          2,786                 1,859              50   %
operating profit % of revenue              34.4   %              25.8   %
analog revenue increased in all products lines. revenue from power grew the most, followed by revenue from, in decreasing order, hpa, hval and sva. operating profit increased primarily due to higher revenue and associated gross profit.
embedded processing
2014                2013             change

revenue                                $2,740              $2,450              12   %
operating profit                          384                 185             108   %
operating profit % of revenue            14.0   %             7.6   %
embedded processing revenue increased primarily due to microcontrollers and processors, which contributed about equally to the increase. connectivity increased to a lesser extent. revenue from processors increased as a result of the mix of products shipped. operating profit increased primarily due to higher revenue and associated gross profit.
other
2014                2013             change

revenue                                $2,201              $2,561             (14   )%
operating profit*                         777                 788              (1   )%
operating profit % of revenue            35.3   %            30.8   %
*includes acquisition charges and restructuring charges/other other revenue decreased due to legacy wireless products. operating profit was about even as reductions in operating expenses were offset by changes in restructuring charges/other.
financial condition at the end of 2015, total cash (cash and cash equivalents plus short-term investments) was $3.22 billion, a decrease of $323 million from the end of 2014.
accounts receivable were $1.17 billion at the end of 2015. this was a decrease of $81 million compared with the end of 2014. days sales outstanding were 33 at the end of 2015 compared with 34 at the end of 2014.
20
inventory was $1.69 billion at the end of 2015. this was a decrease of $93 million from the end of 2014. days of inventory at the end of 2015 were 115 compared with 117 at the end of 2014.
liquidity and capital resources our primary source of liquidity is cash flow from operations. additional sources of liquidity are cash and cash equivalents, short-term investments and a variable rate revolving credit facility. cash flows from operating activities for 2015 was $4.27 billion, an increase of $376 million from 2014 primarily due to an increase in cash provided by working capital.
our revolving credit facility is with a consortium of investment-grade banks and allows us to borrow up to $2 billion until march 2020. this credit facility also serves as support for the issuance of commercial paper. as of december 31, 2015, our credit facility was undrawn, and we had no commercial paper outstanding.
in 2015, investing activities used $302 million compared with $377 million in 2014. for 2015, capital expenditures were $551 million compared with $385 million in 2014. capital expenditures in both periods were primarily for semiconductor manufacturing equipment. in 2015, we had sales of short-term investments, net of purchases, that provided cash of $125 million. in comparison, in 2014 we had purchases of short-term investments, net of sales, that used cash of $141 million. in addition, we had proceeds from sales of assets of $110 million in 2015 compared with $142 million in 2014.
in 2015, financing activities used $4.17 billion compared with $3.94 billion in 2014. in both 2015 and 2014, we received proceeds of $498 million from the issuance of fixed-rate long-term debt (net of original issuance discount) and repaid $1.00 billion of maturing debt. dividends paid in 2015 were $1.44 billion compared with $1.32 billion in 2014, reflecting increases in the dividend rate. during 2015, the quarterly dividend increased from $0.34 to $0.38 per share, resulting in an annualized dividend payment of $1.52 per share. during 2014, we increased our quarterly dividend from $0.30 to $0.34 per share. in 2015, we used $2.74 billion to repurchase 51.4 million shares of our common stock. this compared with $2.83 billion used in 2014 to repurchase 61.7 million shares. employee exercises of stock options are also reflected in cash flows from financing activities. in 2015, these exercises provided cash proceeds of $442 million compared with $616 million in 2014.
we had $1.00 billion of cash and cash equivalents and $2.22 billion of short-term investments as of december 31, 2015, with our u.s. entities owning about 80 percent of these amounts combined at the end of 2015. we believe we have the necessary financial resources and operating plans to fund our working capital needs, capital expenditures, dividend and debt-related payments, and other business requirements for at least the next 12 months.
non-gaap financial information this md&a includes references to free cash flow and ratios based on that measure. these are financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states (gaap). free cash flow was calculated by subtracting capital expenditures from the most directly comparable gaap measure, cash flows from operating activities (also referred to as cash flow from operations). we believe that free cash flow and the associated ratios provide insight into our liquidity, our cash-generating capability and the amount of cash potentially available to return to investors, as well as insight into our financial performance. these non-gaap measures are supplemental to the comparable gaap measures. reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap-based measures is provided in the table below.
for years ended

december 31,
2015                 2014                 2013
cash flow from operations (gaap)                                   $4,268               $3,892               $3,384
capital expenditures                                                 (551   )             (385   )             (412   )
free cash flow (non-gaap)                                          $3,717               $3,507               $2,972
revenue                                                           $13,000              $13,045              $12,205
cash flow from operations as a percent of revenue (gaap)             32.8   %             29.8   %             27.7   %
free cash flow as a percent of revenue (non-gaap)                    28.6   %             26.9   %             24.4   %
21
long-term contractual obligations payments due by period

contractual obligations            2016                      2017/2018             2019/2020              thereafter               total long-term debt obligations (a)            $1,083                $1,224                $1,312                    $782              $4,401
operating lease obligations (b)               69                    90                    40                      62                 261
software license obligations (c)              30                     2                     -                       -                  32
purchase obligations (d)                      95                    94                    50                       1                 240
deferred compensation plan (e)                13                    39                    35                      82                 169
total (f)                                 $1,290                $1,449                $1,437                    $927              $5,103
(a) includes the related interest payments and amounts classified as the current portion of long-term debt, specifically obligations that will mature within 12 months.
(b) includes minimum payments for leased facilities and equipment and purchases of industrial gases under contracts accounted for as operating leases.
(c) includes payments under license agreements for electronic design automation software.
(d) includes contractual arrangements with suppliers where there is a fixed, non-cancellable payment schedule or minimum payments due with a reduced delivery schedule. excluded from the table are cancellable arrangements. however, depending on when certain purchase arrangements may be cancelled, an additional $4 million of cancellation penalties may be required to be paid, which are not reflected in the table.
(e) includes an estimate of payments under this plan for the liability that existed at december 31, 2015.
(f) excluded from the table are $84 million of uncertain tax liabilities under asc 740, as well as any planned future funding contributions to retirement benefit plans. amounts associated with uncertain tax liabilities have been excluded because of the difficulty in making reasonably reliable estimates of the timing of cash settlements with the respective taxing authorities. regarding future funding of retirement benefit plans, we plan to contribute about $100 million in 2016, but funding projections beyond 2016 are not practical to estimate due to the rules affecting tax-deductible contributions and the impact from the plans' asset performance, interest rates and potential u.s. and non-u.s. legislation.
critical accounting policies in preparing our consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states, we use statistical analyses, estimates and projections that affect the reported amounts and related disclosures and may vary from actual results. we consider the following accounting policies to be those that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and that require the most subjective judgment. if actual results differ significantly from management's estimates and projections, there could be a significant effect on our financial statements.
revenue recognition we recognize revenue from sales of our products, including direct sales to our distributors, when title and risk of loss pass, which usually occurs upon shipment or delivery to the customer or distributor, depending upon the terms of the sales order; when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists; when sales amounts are fixed or determinable; and when collectability is reasonably assured. for sales to distributors, payment is due on our standard commercial terms and is not contingent upon resale of the products.
we recognize revenue net of allowances, which are management's estimates of future credits to be granted to customers or distributors under programs common in the semiconductor industry. these allowances are based on analysis of historical data, current economic conditions and contractual terms, and are recorded when revenue is recognized. allowances may include volume-based incentives, product returns due to quality issues, incentives designed to maximize growth opportunities and special pricing arrangements. for instance, we sell to distributors at standard published prices, but we may grant them price adjustment credits in response to individual competitive opportunities. to estimate allowances, we use statistical percentages of revenue, which are determined quarterly based upon recent historical adjustment trends. historical claims data are maintained for each of the programs, with differences among geographic regions taken into consideration. we continually monitor the actual claimed allowances against our estimates, and we adjust our estimates as appropriate to reflect trends in distributor revenue and inventory levels. allowances are also adjusted when recent historical data do not represent anticipated future activity.
we may also provide distributors an allowance to scrap certain slow-selling or obsolete products in their inventory, estimated as a negotiated fixed percentage of each distributor's purchases from us. in addition, if we publish a new price for a product that is lower than that paid by distributors for the same product still remaining in each distributor's on-hand inventory, we may credit them for the
22
difference between those prices. the allowance for this type of credit is based on the identified product price difference applied to our estimate of each distributor's on-hand inventory of that product.
we believe we can reasonably and reliably estimate allowances for credits to distributors in a timely manner.
revenue from sales of our products that are subject to inventory consignment agreements, including consignment arrangements with distributors, is recognized in accordance with the principles discussed above, but delivery occurs when the customer or distributor pulls product from consignment inventory that we store at designated locations.
we determine the amount and timing of royalty revenue related to licenses of our patent portfolio based on our contractual agreements with licensees. we recognize royalty revenue when earned under the terms of the agreements and when we consider realization of payment to be probable.
in addition, we record allowances for accounts receivable that we estimate may not be collected. we monitor collectability of accounts receivable primarily through review of the accounts receivable aging. when collection is at risk, we assess the impact on amounts recorded for bad debts and, if necessary, will record a charge in the period such determination is made. we include amounts received from customers for reimbursement of shipping fees in revenue. we include the costs of shipping and handling in cor.
income taxes in determining net income for financial statement purposes, we must make certain estimates and judgments in the calculation of tax provisions and the resultant tax liabilities, and in the recoverability of deferred tax assets that arise from temporary differences between the tax and financial statement recognition of revenue and expense.
in the ordinary course of global business, there may be many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. the calculation of tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws. we recognize potential liabilities for anticipated tax audit issues in the u.s. and other tax jurisdictions based on an estimate of the ultimate resolution of whether, and the extent to which, additional taxes will be due. although we believe the estimates are reasonable, no assurance can be given that the final outcome of these matters will not be different than what is reflected in the historical income tax provisions and accruals.
as part of our financial process, we must assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets can be recovered. if recovery is not likely, the provision for taxes must be increased by recording a reserve in the form of a valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets that are estimated not to be ultimately recoverable. in this process, certain relevant criteria are evaluated including the existence of deferred tax liabilities that can be used to absorb deferred tax assets, the taxable income in prior years that can be used to absorb net operating losses and credit carrybacks, and taxable income in future years. our judgment regarding future recoverability of our deferred tax assets based on these criteria may change due to various factors, including changes in u.s. or international tax laws and changes in market conditions and their impact on our assessment of taxable income in future periods. these changes, if any, may require material adjustments to the deferred tax assets and an accompanying reduction or increase in net income in the period when such determinations are made. also, our plans for the permanent reinvestment or eventual repatriation of the accumulated earnings of certain of our non-u.s. operations could change. such changes could have a material effect on tax expense in future years.
in addition to the factors described above, the effective tax rate reflected in forward-looking statements is based on then-current tax law. significant changes in tax law enacted during the year could affect these estimates. retroactive changes in tax law enacted subsequent to the end of a reporting period are reflected in the period of enactment as a discrete tax item.
inventory valuation allowances inventory is valued net of allowances for unsalable or obsolete raw materials, work-in-process and finished goods. statistical allowances are determined quarterly for raw materials and work-in-process based on historical disposals of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons. for finished goods, quarterly statistical allowances are determined by comparing inventory levels of individual parts to historical shipments, current backlog and estimated future sales in order to identify inventory judged unlikely to be sold. a specific allowance for each material type will be carried if there is a significant event not captured by the statistical allowance. examples are an end-of-life part or demand with imminent risk of cancellation.  allowances are also calculated quarterly for instances where inventoried costs for individual products are in excess of market prices for those products. actual future write-offs of inventory for salability and obsolescence reasons may differ from estimates and calculations used to determine valuation allowances due to changes in customer demand, customer negotiations, technology shifts and other factors.
23
changes in accounting standards see note 2 to the financial statements for information on new accounting standards.
off-balance sheet arrangements as of december 31, 2015, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in item 303(a)(4)(ii) of sec regulation s-k.
commitments and contingencies see note 12 to the financial statements for a discussion of our commitments and contingencies.
