item 1a.   risk factors you should carefully consider the following risks and all of the other information set forth in this annual report on form 10-k before deciding to invest in any of our securities. if any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition or results of operations would likely suffer. in such case, the trading price of our securities including our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, and you may lose all or part of your investment.
we could lose our access to data from external sources which could prevent us from providing our solutions.
we depend upon data from external sources, including data received from customers and various government and public record services, for information used in our databases. in general, we do not own the information in these databases, and the participating organizations could discontinue contributing information to the databases. our data sources could withdraw or increase the price for their data for a variety of reasons, and we could also become subject to legislative, judicial, or contractual restrictions on the use of such data, in particular if such data is not collected by the third parties in a way which allows us to legally use and/or process the data. in addition, some of our customers are significant stockholders of our company. specifically, a portion of common stock is owned by insurers who are also our customers. if our customers' percentage of ownership of our common stock decreases in the future, there can be no assurance that our customers will continue to provide data to the same extent or on the same terms. if a substantial number of data sources, or certain key sources, were to withdraw or be unable to provide their data, or if we were to lose access to data due to government regulation or if the collection of data became uneconomical, our ability to provide solutions to our customers could be impacted, which could materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
agreements with our data suppliers are short-term agreements. some suppliers are also competitors, which may make us vulnerable to unpredictable price increases and may cause some suppliers not to renew certain agreements. our competitors could also enter into exclusive contracts with our data sources. if our competitors enter into such exclusive contracts, we may be precluded from receiving certain data from these suppliers or restricted in our use of such data, which would give our competitors an advantage. such a termination or exclusive contracts could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, and operating results if we were unable to arrange for substitute sources.
we derive a substantial portion of our revenues from u.s. p&c primary insurers. if there is a downturn in the u.s. insurance industry or that industry does not continue to accept our solutions, our revenues will decline.
revenues derived from solutions we provide to u.s. p&c primary insurers account for a substantial portion of our total revenues. during the year ended december 31, 2015, approximately 44% of our revenue was derived from solutions provided to u.s. p&c primary insurers. also, invoices for certain of our solutions are linked in part to premiums in the u.s. p&c insurance market, which may rise or fall in any given year due to loss experience and capital capacity and other factors in the insurance industry beyond our control. in addition, our revenues will decline if the insurance industry does not continue to accept our solutions.
factors that might affect the acceptance of these solutions by p&c primary insurers include the following:
•   changes in the business analytics industry;
•   changes in technology;
•   our inability to obtain or use state fee schedule or claims data in our insurance solutions;
•   saturation of market demand;
•   loss of key customers;
•   industry consolidation; and
•   failure to execute our customer-focused selling approach.
a downturn in the insurance industry, pricing pressure or lower acceptance of our solutions by the insurance industry could result in a decline in revenues from that industry and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
acquisitions could result in operating difficulties, dilution and other harmful consequences, and we may not be successful in achieving growth through acquisitions.
our long-term business strategy includes growth through acquisitions. future acquisitions may not be completed on acceptable terms and acquired assets, data or businesses may not be successfully integrated into our operations, and we may ultimately divest unsuccessful acquirees. any acquisitions or investments will be accompanied by the risks commonly encountered in acquisitions of businesses. such risks include, among other things:
15
•   failing to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a larger public company at acquired companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such controls, procedures and policies;
•   paying more than fair market value for an acquired company or assets;
•   failing to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired businesses in an efficient, timely manner;
•   assuming potential liabilities of an acquired company;
•   managing the potential disruption to our ongoing business;
•   distracting management focus from our core businesses;
•   failing to retain management at acquired company;
•   difficulty in acquiring suitable businesses, including challenges in predicting the value an acquisition will ultimately contribute to our business;
•   possibility of overpaying for acquisitions, particularly those with significant intangible assets that derive value using novel tools and/or are involved in niche markets;
•   impairing relationships with employees, customers, and strategic partners;
•   incurring expenses associated with the amortization of intangible assets particularly for intellectual property and other intangible assets;
•   incurring expenses associated with an impairment of all or a portion of goodwill and other intangible assets due to changes in market conditions, weak economies in certain competitive markets, or the failure of certain acquisitions to realize expected benefits; and
•   diluting the share value and voting power of existing stockholders.
the anticipated benefits of many of our acquisitions may not materialize. future acquisitions or dispositions could result in the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, or write-offs of goodwill and other intangible assets, any of which could harm our financial condition.
we typically fund our acquisitions through our debt facilities. although we have capacity under committed facilities, those may not be sufficient. therefore, future acquisitions may require us to obtain additional financing through debt or equity, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all and would result in dilution.
in addition, to the extent we cannot identify or consummate, on terms acceptable to us, acquisitions that are complementary or otherwise attractive to our business, we may experience difficulty in achieving future growth.
there may be consolidation in our end customer market, which would reduce the use of our services.
mergers or consolidations among our customers could reduce the number of our customers and potential customers. this could adversely affect our revenues even if these events do not reduce the aggregate number of customers or the activities of the consolidated entities. if our customers merge with or are acquired by other entities that are not our customers, or that use fewer of our services, they may discontinue or reduce their use of our services. the adverse effects of consolidation will be greater in sectors that we are particularly dependent upon, for example, in the p&c insurance and healthcare services sector. any of these developments could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
if we are unable to develop successful new solutions or if we experience defects, failures and delays associated with the introduction of new solutions, our business could suffer serious harm.
our growth and success depends upon our ability to develop and sell new solutions. if we are unable to develop new solutions, or if we are not successful in introducing and/or obtaining regulatory approval or acceptance for new solutions, or products we develop face sufficient pricing pressure to make them unattractive to pursue, we may not be able to grow our business, or growth may occur more slowly than we anticipate. in addition, significant undetected errors or delays in new solutions may affect market acceptance of our solutions and could harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. in the past, we have experienced delays while developing and introducing new solutions, primarily due to difficulties in developing models, acquiring data and adapting to particular operating environments. errors or defects in our solutions that are significant, or are perceived to be significant, could result in rejection of our solutions, damage to our reputation, loss of revenues, diversion of development resources, an increase in product liability claims, and increases in service and support costs and warranty claims.
we will continue to rely upon proprietary technology rights, and if we are unable to protect them, our business could be harmed.
our success depends, in part, upon our intellectual property rights. to date, we have relied primarily on a combination of copyright, patent, trade secret, and trademark laws and nondisclosure and other contractual restrictions on copying and
16
distribution to protect our proprietary technology. this protection of our proprietary technology is limited, and our proprietary technology could be used by others without our consent. in addition, patents may not be issued with respect to our pending or future patent applications, and our patents may not be upheld as valid or may not prevent the development of competitive products. business we acquire also often involve intellectual property portfolios, which increase the challenges we face in protecting our strategic advantage. any disclosure, loss, invalidity of, or failure to protect our intellectual property could negatively impact our competitive position, and ultimately, our business. our protection of our intellectual property rights in the united states or abroad may not be adequate and others, including our competitors, may use our proprietary technology without our consent. furthermore, litigation may be necessary to enforce our intellectual property rights, to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others. such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we could face claims for intellectual property infringement, which if successful could restrict us from using and providing our technologies and solutions to our customers.
there has been substantial litigation and other proceedings, particularly in the united states, regarding patent and other intellectual property rights in the information technology industry. there is a risk that we are infringing, or may in the future infringe, the intellectual property rights of third parties. we monitor third-party patents and patent applications that may be relevant to our technologies and solutions and we carry out freedom to operate analysis where we deem appropriate. however, such monitoring and analysis has not been, and is unlikely in the future to be, comprehensive, and it may not be possible to detect all potentially relevant patents and patent applications. since the patent application process can take several years to complete, there may be currently pending applications, unknown to us, that may later result in issued patents that cover our products and technologies. as a result, we may infringe existing and future third-party patents of which we are not aware. as we expand our operations there is a higher risk that such activity could infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties.
third-party intellectual property infringement claims and any resultant litigation against us or our technology partners or providers, could subject us to liability for damages, restrict us from using and providing our technologies and solutions or operating our business generally, or require changes to be made to our technologies and solutions. even if we prevail, litigation is time consuming and expensive to defend and would result in the diversion of management's time and attention.
if a successful claim of infringement is brought against us and we fail to develop non-infringing technologies and solutions or to obtain licenses on a timely and cost effective basis, this could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
regulatory developments could negatively impact our business.
because personal, public and non-public information is stored in some of our databases, we are vulnerable to government regulation and adverse publicity concerning the use of our data. we provide many types of data and services that already are subject to regulation under the fair credit reporting act, gramm-leach-bliley act, driver's privacy protection act, health insurance portability and accountability act, the european union's data protection directive, the dodd frank wall street reform and consumer protection act and to a lesser extent, various other federal, state, and local laws and regulations. these laws and regulations are designed to protect the privacy of the public and to prevent the misuse of personal information in the marketplace. however, many consumer advocates, privacy advocates, and government regulators believe that the existing laws and regulations do not adequately protect privacy. they have become increasingly concerned with the use of personal information, particularly social security numbers, department of motor vehicle data and dates of birth. as a result, they are lobbying for further restrictions on the dissemination or commercial use of personal information to the public and private sectors. similar initiatives are under way in other countries in which we do business or from which we source data. the following legal and regulatory developments also could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows:
•   amendment, enactment, or interpretation of laws and regulations which restrict the access and use of personal information and reduce the supply of data available to customers;
•   changes in cultural and consumer attitudes to favor further restrictions on information collection and sharing, which may lead to regulations that prevent full utilization of our solutions;
•   failure of our solutions to comply with current laws and regulations; and
•   failure of our solutions to adapt to changes in the regulatory environment in an efficient, cost-effective manner.
fraudulent or unpermitted data access and other security or privacy breaches may negatively impact our business and harm our reputation.
security breaches in our facilities, computer networks, and databases may cause harm to our business and reputation and result in a loss of customers. our systems may be vulnerable to physical break-ins, computer viruses, attacks by hackers and similar disruptive problems. third-party contractors also may experience security breaches involving the storage and transmission of
17
proprietary information. if users gain improper access to our databases, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify confidential third-party information that is stored or transmitted on our networks.
in addition, customers', employees' or other's misuse of and/or gaining unpermitted access to or failure to properly secure our information or services could cause harm to our business and reputation and result in loss of customers. any such misappropriation and/or misuse of or failure to properly secure our information could result in us, among other things, being in breach of certain data protection and related legislation.
a security or privacy breach may affect us in the following ways:
•   deterring customers from using our solutions;
•   deterring data suppliers from supplying data to us;
•   harming our reputation;
•   exposing us to liability;
•   increasing operating expenses to correct problems caused by the breach;
•   affecting our ability to meet customers' expectations; and/or
•   causing inquiry from governmental authorities.
incidents in which consumer data has been fraudulently or improperly acquired or viewed, or any other security or privacy breaches, may occur and could go undetected. the number of potentially affected consumers identified by any future incidents is obviously unknown. any such incident could materially and adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition, operating results and cash flows.
we typically face a long selling cycle to secure new contracts that requires significant resource commitments, which result in a long lead time before we receive revenues from new relationships.
we typically face a long selling cycle to secure a new contract and there is generally a long preparation period in order to commence providing the services. we typically incur significant business development expenses during the selling cycle and we may not succeed in winning a new customer's business, in which case we receive no revenues and may receive no reimbursement for such expenses. even if we succeed in developing a relationship with a potential new customer, we may not be successful in obtaining contractual commitments after the selling cycle or in maintaining contractual commitments after the implementation cycle, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may lose key business assets, including loss of data center capacity or the interruption of telecommunications links, the internet, or power sources, which could significantly impede our ability to do business.
our operations depend on our ability, as well as that of third-party service providers to whom we have outsourced several critical functions, to protect data centers and related technology against damage from hardware failure, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure, impacts of terrorism, breaches in security (such as the actions of computer hackers), natural disasters, or other disasters. certain of our facilities are located in areas that could be impacted by coastal flooding, earthquakes or other disasters. the on-line services we provide are dependent on links to telecommunications providers. in addition, we generate a significant amount of our revenues through telesales centers and websites that we utilize in the acquisition of new customers, fulfillment of solutions and services and responding to customer inquiries. we may not have sufficient redundant operations to cover a loss or failure in all of these areas in a timely manner. certain of our customer contracts provide that our on-line servers may not be unavailable for specified periods of time. any damage to our data centers, failure of our telecommunications links or inability to access these telesales centers or websites could cause interruptions in operations that materially adversely affect our ability to meet customers' requirements, resulting in decreased revenue, operating income and earnings per share.
we are subject to competition in many of the markets in which we operate and we may not be able to compete effectively.
some markets in which we operate or which we believe may provide growth opportunities for us are highly competitive, and are expected to remain highly competitive. we compete on the basis of quality, customer service, product and service selection and price. our competitive position in various market segments depends upon the relative strength of competitors in the segment and the resources devoted to competing in that segment. due to their size, certain competitors may be able to allocate greater resources to a particular market segment than we can. as a result, these competitors may be in a better position to anticipate and respond to changing customer preferences, emerging technologies and market trends. in addition, new competitors and alliances may emerge to take market share away, and as we enter into new lines of business, due to acquisition or otherwise, we face competition from new players with different competitive dynamics. we may be unable to maintain our competitive position in our market segments, especially against larger competitors. we may also invest further to upgrade our systems in order to compete. if we fail to successfully compete, our business, financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected.
18
to the extent the availability of free or relatively inexpensive information increases, the demand for some of our solutions may decrease.
public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information have become increasingly available recently, particularly through the internet, and this trend is expected to continue. governmental agencies in particular have increased the amount of information to which they provide free public access. public sources of free or relatively inexpensive information may reduce demand for our solutions. to the extent that customers choose not to obtain solutions from us and instead rely on information obtained at little or no cost from these public sources, our business and results of operations may be adversely affected.
our senior leadership team is critical to our continued success and the loss of such personnel could harm our business.
our future success substantially depends on the continued service and performance of the members of our senior leadership team. these personnel possess business and technical capabilities that are difficult to replace. members of our senior management operating team have been with us for an average of almost 15 years.
however, we do not have employee contracts with the members of our senior management operating team. if we lose key members of our senior management operating team, we may not be able to effectively manage our current operations or meet ongoing and future business challenges, and this may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.
we may fail to attract and retain enough qualified employees to support our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our business and service our customers.
our business relies on large numbers of skilled employees and our success depends on our ability to attract, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees. if our attrition rate increases, our operating efficiency and productivity may decrease. we compete for employees not only with other companies in our industry but also with companies in other industries, such as software services, engineering services and financial services companies, and there is a limited pool of employees who have the skills and training needed to do our work.
if our business continues to grow, the number of people we will need to hire will increase. we will also need to increase our hiring if we are not able to maintain our attrition rate through our current recruiting and retention policies. increased competition for employees could have an adverse effect on our ability to expand our business and service our customers, as well as cause us to incur greater personnel expenses and training costs.
we are subject to antitrust, consumer protection and other litigation, and may in the future become subject to further such litigation; an adverse outcome in such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenues and profitability.
we participate in businesses (particularly insurance-related businesses and services) that are subject to substantial litigation, including antitrust and consumer protection litigation. in addition, our insurance specialists are in the business of providing advice on standard contract terms, which if challenged could expose us to substantial reputational harm and possible liability. we are subject to the provisions of a 1995 settlement agreement in an antitrust lawsuit brought by various state attorneys general and private plaintiffs which imposes certain constraints with respect to insurer involvement in our governance and business. we currently are defending against putative class action lawsuits in which it is alleged that certain of our subsidiaries unlawfully have conspired with insurers with respect to their payment of insurance claims. see "item 3. legal proceedings." our failure to successfully defend or settle such litigation could result in liability that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, revenues and profitability. given the nature of our business, we may be subject to similar litigation in the future. even if the direct financial impact of such litigation is not material, settlements or judgments arising out of such litigation could include further restrictions on our ability to conduct business, including potentially the elimination of entire lines of business, which could increase our cost of doing business and limit our prospects for future growth.
general economic, political and market forces and dislocations beyond our control could reduce demand for our solutions and harm our business.
the demand for our solutions may be impacted by domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including macroeconomic, political and market conditions, the availability of short-term and long-term funding and capital, the level and volatility of interest rates, currency exchange rates and inflation. the united states economy recently experienced periods of contraction and both the future domestic and global economic environments may continue to be less favorable than those of prior years. any one or more of these factors may contribute to reduced activity and prices in the securities markets generally and could result in a reduction in demand for our solutions, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
19
condition. a significant additional decline in the value of assets for which risk is transferred in market transactions could have an adverse impact on the demand for our solutions.
if there are substantial sales of our common stock, our stock price could decline.
the market price of our common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of common stock in the market, or the perception that these sales could occur. these sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem attractive. as of december 31, 2015, our ten largest shareholders owned 38.3% of our common stock including 5.7% of our common stock owned by our employee stock ownership plan or esop. such stockholders are able to sell their common stock in the public market from time to time without registration, and subject to limitations on the timing, amount and method of those sales imposed by securities laws. if any of these stockholders were to sell a large number of their common stock, the market price of our common stock could decline significantly. in addition, the perception in the public markets that sales by them might occur could also adversely affect the market price of our common stock.
pursuant to our equity incentive plans, options to purchase approximately 9,057,243 shares of common stock were outstanding as of february 19, 2016. we filed a registration statement under the securities act, which covers the shares available for issuance under our equity incentive plans (including for such outstanding options) as well as shares held for resale by our existing stockholders that were previously issued under our equity incentive plans. such further issuance and resale of our common stock could cause the price of our common stock to decline.
also, in the future, we may issue our securities in connection with investments and acquisitions. the amount of our common stock issued in connection with an investment or acquisition could constitute a material portion of our then outstanding common stock.
our capital structure, level of indebtedness and the terms of anti-takeover provisions under delaware law and in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws could diminish the value of our common stock and could make a merger, tender offer or proxy contest difficult or could impede an attempt to replace or remove our directors.
we are a delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the delaware general corporation law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. in addition, our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management or control over us that stockholders may consider favorable or make it more difficult for stockholders to replace directors even if stockholders consider it beneficial to do so. our certificate of incorporation and bylaws:
•   authorize the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock that could be issued by our board of directors to increase the number of outstanding shares to thwart a takeover attempt;
•   prohibit cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow holders of less than a majority of the stock to elect some directors;
•   require that vacancies on the board of directors, including newly-created directorships, be filled only by a majority vote of directors then in office;
•   limit who may call special meetings of stockholders;
•   prohibit stockholder action by written consent, requiring all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of the stockholders; and
•   establish advance notice requirements for nominating candidates for election to the board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings.
in addition, section 203 of the delaware general corporation law may inhibit potential acquisition bids for us. as a public company, we are subject to section 203, which regulates corporate acquisitions and limits the ability of a holder of 15.0% or more of our stock from acquiring the rest of our stock. under delaware law, a corporation may opt out of the anti-takeover provisions, but we do not intend to do so.
these provisions may prevent a stockholder from receiving the benefit from any premium over the market price of our common stock offered by a bidder in a potential takeover. even in the absence of an attempt to effect a change in management or a takeover attempt, these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our common stock if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future.
20
we incurred substantial additional indebtedness in connection with the acquisition of wood mackenzie.
on may 19, 2015, we consummated the acquisition of wood mackenzie (the "acquisition"). in order to finance the acquisition, we incurred $2,180.0 million of indebtedness. as of december 31, 2015, we had total consolidated indebtedness of approximately $3,168.0 million, and our leverage ratio (debt to ebitda) increased from 1.57x at march 31, 2015 to 2.89x. our increased leverage resulting from the acquisition could adversely affect our business. in particular, it could increase our vulnerability to sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit our ability to obtain further financing and limit our ability to pursue certain operational and strategic opportunities. the increased leverage, potential lack of access to financing and increased expenses could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we may not realize the expected benefits of the acquisition.
we may fail to realize all the expected benefits of the acquisition or successfully integrate wood mackenzie's operations or preserve its customers and employees in an efficient or timely manner. the necessity of coordinating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities and addressing possible differences in business backgrounds, corporate cultures and management philosophies may increase the difficulties of integration. this integration effort may also distract our management's focus from our existing core businesses or impair our existing relationships with employees, customers and our strategic partners. we may not be able to achieve the targeted operating or long-term strategic benefits of the acquisition or could incur higher transition costs. an inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated benefits of the acquisition, as well as any delays encountered in the integration process or an inability to integrate the operations of the two companies could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
general economic uncertainties, including downward trends in the energy industry, could reduce demand by wood mackenzie's customers for its products and services.
demand for wood mackenzie's products and services may be negatively influenced by general economic uncertainties, particularly any downward trends in the energy industry. many factors could negatively affect the revenues, profits and discretionary spending of wood mackenzie's customers. such factors include commodity prices (in particular, oil and coal), the state of the local economy, interest rates, currency exchange rates, political uncertainty or restrictions and regulations, the availability of industry resources and other matters. a downturn or perceived downturn in the economy, particularly the energy industry, could add pricing pressure, delay subscription renewals or lead to more challenging or protracted fee negotiations or generally lower acceptance of our solutions by wood mackenzie's customers, which could cause a decline in our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
our operations are subject to additional risks inherent in international operations.
wood mackenzie is based in the united kingdom and conducts its principal operations outside the united states. as a result, the percentage of our revenues generated outside of the united states has increased materially. conducting extensive international operations subjects us to risks that are inherent in international operations, including challenges posed by different pricing environments and different forms of competition; lack of familiarity and burdens of complying with foreign laws, legal standards, regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements, taxes, trade laws, tariffs, export quotas, custom duties or other trade restrictions; differing technology standards; difficulties in collecting accounts receivable; difficulties in managing and staffing international operations; varying expectations as to employee standards; potentially adverse tax consequences, including possible restrictions on the repatriation of earnings; and reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights in some countries. moreover, international operations could be interrupted and negatively affected by economic changes, geopolitical regional conflicts, terrorist activity, political unrest, civil strife, acts of war and other economic or political uncertainties. all of these risks could result in increased costs or decreased revenues, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
we are subject to the increased risk of exchange rate fluctuations.
the revenues and costs of wood mackenzie are primarily denominated in pound sterling. as a result of the acquisition, we face greater exposure to movements in currency exchange rates, which may cause our revenue and operating results to differ materially from expectations. our operating results could be negatively affected depending on the amount of revenue and expense denominated in foreign currencies. as exchange rates vary, revenue, cost of revenue, operating expenses and other operating results, when remeasured in u.s. dollars, may differ materially from expectations. although we may apply certain strategies to mitigate foreign currency risk, these strategies may not eliminate our exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations and would involve costs and risks of their own, such as ongoing management time and expertise, external costs to implement the strategies and potential accounting implications.
21
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion should be read in conjunction with our historical financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k, as well as the discussion under "selected consolidated financial data." this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in or implied by any of the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those listed under "risk factors" and "special note regarding forward-looking statements."
we enable risk-bearing businesses to better understand and manage their risks and opportunities associated with those risks. we provide value to our customers by supplying proprietary data that, combined with our analytic methods, creates embedded decision support solutions. we are the largest aggregator and provider of data pertaining to u.s. property and casualty, or p&c, insurance risks. we offer predictive analytics and decision support solutions to customers in rating, underwriting, claims, catastrophe and weather risk, global risk analytics, natural resources intelligence, economic forecasting, and many other fields.
our customers use our solutions to make better risk decisions with greater efficiency and discipline. we refer to these products and services as "solutions" due to the integration among our products and the flexibility that enables our customers to purchase components or the comprehensive package of products. these solutions take various forms, including data, statistical models or tailored analytics, all designed to allow our clients to make more logical decisions. we believe our solutions for analyzing risk positively impact our customers' revenues and help them better manage their costs.
we organize our business in two segments: risk assessment and decision analytics. our risk assessment segment provides statistical, actuarial and underwriting data for the u.s. p&c insurance industry. our risk assessment segment revenues represented approximately 33.3% and 37.2% of our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. our decision analytics segment provides solutions to our customer in insurance, financial services, healthcare, and energy and specialized markets. our decision analytics segment revenues represented approximately 66.7% and 62.8% of our revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
on march 11, 2014, we sold our mortgage services business, interthinx, inc., or interthinx. results of operations for the mortgage services business are reported as a discontinued operation for the year ended december 31, 2014 and for all prior periods presented. see note 10 of our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k. as necessary, the amounts have been retroactively adjusted in all periods presented to give recognition to the discontinued operations.
29
executive summary key performance metrics we believe our business's ability to generate recurring revenue and positive cash flow is the key indicator of the successful execution of our business strategy. we use year over year revenue growth and ebitda margin as metrics to measure our performance. ebitda and ebitda margin are non-gaap financial measures (see note 3 within item 6. selected financial data section of management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations).
revenue growth. we use year over year revenue growth as a key performance metric. we assess revenue growth based on our ability to generate increased revenue through increased sales to existing customers, sales to new customers, sales of new or expanded solutions to existing and new customers and strategic acquisitions of new businesses.
ebitda margin. we use ebitda margin as a metric to assess segment performance and scalability of our business. we assess ebitda margin based on our ability to increase revenues while controlling expense growth.
revenues we earn revenues through subscriptions, long-term agreements and on a transactional basis. subscriptions for our solutions are generally paid in advance of rendering services either quarterly or in full upon commencement of the subscription period, which is usually for one year and automatically renewed each year. as a result, the timing of our cash flows generally precedes our recognition of revenues and income and our cash flow from operations tends to be higher in the first quarter as we receive subscription payments. examples of these arrangements include subscriptions that allow our customers to access our standardized coverage language, our claims fraud database or our actuarial services throughout the subscription period. in general, we experience minimal revenue seasonality within the business. our long-term agreements are generally for periods of three to five years. we recognize revenue from subscriptions ratably over the term of the subscription and most long-term agreements are recognized ratably over the term of the agreement.
certain of our solutions are also paid for by our customers on a transactional basis. for example, we have solutions that allow our customers to obtain property-specific rating and underwriting information to price a policy on a commercial building, or compare a p&c insurance, medical or workers' compensation claim with information in our databases. for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, 25.3% and 27.7% of our revenues, respectively, were derived from providing transactional solutions. we earn transactional revenues as our solutions are delivered or services performed. in general, transactions are billed monthly at the end of each month.
approximately 90.1% and 89.6% of the revenues in our risk assessment segment for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, were derived from subscriptions and long-term agreements for our solutions. our customers in this segment include most of the p&c insurance providers in the united states. approximately 67.0% and 61.9% of the revenues in our decision analytics segment, for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, were derived from subscriptions and long-term agreements for our solutions. in this segment, customer bases are within the insurance, financial services, energy and specialized markets, and healthcare verticals.
principal operating costs and expenses personnel expenses are the major component of both our cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative expenses. personnel expenses, which represented 57.1% and 56.8% of our total expenses for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, include salaries, benefits, incentive compensation, equity compensation costs, sales commissions, employment taxes, recruiting costs, and outsourced temporary agency costs.
we allocate personnel expenses between two categories, cost of revenues and selling, general and administrative costs, based on the actual costs associated with each employee. we categorize employees who maintain our solutions as cost of revenues, and all other personnel, including executive managers, sales people, marketing, business development, finance, legal, human resources, and administrative services, as selling, general and administrative expenses. a significant portion of our other operating costs, such as facilities and communications, are also either captured within cost of revenues or selling, general and administrative expense based on the nature of the work being performed.
while we expect to grow our headcount over time to take advantage of our market opportunities, we believe that the economies of scale in our operating model will allow us to grow our personnel expenses at a lower rate than revenues. historically, our ebitda margin has improved because we have been able to increase revenues without a proportionate corresponding increase in expenses. however, part of our corporate strategy is to invest in new solutions which may offset margin expansion.
30
cost of revenues. our cost of revenues consists primarily of personnel expenses. cost of revenues also includes the expenses associated with the acquisition and verification of data, the maintenance of our existing solutions and the development and enhancement of our next-generation solutions. our cost of revenues excludes depreciation and amortization.
selling, general and administrative expense. our selling, general and administrative expense also consists primarily of personnel costs. a portion of the other operating costs such as facilities, insurance and communications are also allocated to selling, general and administrative costs based on the nature of the work being performed by the employee. our selling, general and administrative expenses excludes depreciation and amortization.
trends affecting our business we serve customers in four primary vertical markets: property/casualty insurance, healthcare, energy, and financial services. the industry trends in each of those markets can affect our business.
a significant change in  property/casualty insurers' profitability could positively or negatively affect demand for our solutions. for insurers, the keys to profitability include investment income and premium growth. investment income remains under pressure as a result of low interest rates.  growth in property/casualty insurers' direct written premiums is cyclical, with total industry premium growth receding from a peak of 14.8% in 2002 to a trough of negative 3.1% in 2009 and subsequently recovering to 4.4% in 2012, 4.3% in 2013, and 4.4% in 2014. based on our experience, insurers more closely scrutinize their spending in periods of more challenging growth. in recent years,  we have signed multi-year contracts with certain customers, and pricing is fixed at the beginning of each multi-year period; pricing for other customers is still linked to prior years' premiums.
trends in catastrophe and noncatastrophe weather losses can have an effect on our customers' profitability and therefore their appetite for buying analytics to help them manage their risks. the apparent increase in the frequency and severity of weather events that cause losses for insurers could lead to increased demand for our catastrophe modeling, catastrophe loss information, and repair cost solutions. a significant decrease in the number or severity of catastrophes could negatively affect our revenues. we also have a portion of our revenue related to the number of claims processed due to losses which can be impacted by seasonal storm activity. the need by our customers to fight insurance fraud - both in claims and at policy inception - could lead to increased demand for our underwriting and claims solutions.
market trends continue to influence our financial services vertical in important ways.  most notable among the recent trends affecting the vertical includes a significant increase in the number of alternative lenders and alternative payment instruments in the market.  we are adapting our offerings to address the needs of alternative lenders, backed by our deep expertise in and datasets covering the performance of customers across a full range of credit histories.  as well, our unique ability to analyze the customer adoption rates of new alternative payment instruments from our syndicated study datasets is enabling us to serve as the "go to" solution for the industry's analytic needs in the space.  a strengthening of the u.s. dollar relative to the currencies of our international clients and a softening of the global economy is putting an even greater level of downward pressure on our revenues from such clients.  however, we are also observing a growing appetite for our expense and regulatory focused solutions among those clients.  lastly, we are seeing a greater number of companies entering the ad effectiveness space, potential competitors to our position in this space.  we stand confident of our position at this stage, given the unique nature and strength of our partnerships coupled by the comprehensiveness of our data, particularly as it relates to seeing the full wallet spend of a consumer.
trends in the energy, metals and mining sectors and activity in financial markets can influence our revenues. movements of commodity prices affect the profitability of energy and metals and mining companies, while stock markets and mergers and acquisitions, or m&a, are the principal drivers of activity for financial institutions. among the specific trends influencing commodity prices are global gross domestic product growth, supply of individual commodities, and geopolitical factors. the slow down of the chinese economy is currently contributing to an oversupply of a number of commodities. rising u.s. oil and gas production, opec policy, and the partial lifting of sanctions against iran in january 2016 has led to a sharp fall in crude oil prices; and most metals markets are currently in oversupply. lower commodity prices have reduced discretionary spending for clients and has stalled m&a activity. however, the uncertainty also increases client demand for our data and services. commodity prices are expected to recover over time to incentivize the investment required to meet growing energy demand. longer term the paris global accord on climate change signals a period of change in the energy mix, incentivizing growth in renewable energy and other low carbon technologies, while fossil fuels are expected to remain a core part of energy demand for the foreseeable future. we will continue to evolve our offerings to meet the needs of our clients in an increasingly complex market.
trends in the u.s. healthcare market can affect a portion of our revenues in the decision analytics segment. that market continues to undergo significant change as the result of healthcare reform legislation. the specific trends affecting our current healthcare business include payment reform, expansion of insurance coverage, and efforts at cost containment. payment reform is driving the market to value-based reimbursement, which has caused healthcare providers to bear increased financial risk and responsibility for quality outcomes. the expansion of insurance coverage has reduced the uninsured population through both
31
increased enrollment in medicaid and in the commercial market through statewide health exchanges. as the government seeks to control fraud, waste, and abuse, efforts to contain costs will likely continue to become more prevalent. although such changes have the potential to disrupt the healthcare marketplace, we believe the requirements for reform could increase demand for our analytic solutions in the areas of population health management, quality measurement, risk adjustment for medicare advantage and qualified health plans participating on statewide health exchanges, and detection of prepayment fraud, waste and abuse.  we experience seasonality in our medicare advantage risk adjustment business in the second half of our fiscal year, related to the cms submission deadline.
description of acquisitions we acquired six businesses since january 1, 2013. these acquisitions affect the comparability of our consolidated results of operations between periods.
on may 19, 2015, we acquired 100% of the stock of wood mackenzie. wood mackenzie is a global provider of data analytics and commercial intelligence for the energy, chemicals, metals and mining verticals. this acquisition advances our strategy to expand internationally and positions ourselves in the global energy market. wood mackenzie is included in the energy and specialized markets vertical, formerly named the specialized markets vertical, of the decision analytics segment. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for the preliminary purchase price allocations.
on november 6, 2015, we acquired 100% of the stock of infield systems limited, or infield. infield is a provider of business intelligence, analysis, and research to the oil, gas, and associated marine industries. infield has become part of wood mackenzie and continues to provide services to enhance wood mackenzie's upstream and supply chain capabilities in the decision analytics segment. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for the preliminary purchase price allocations.
on november 20, 2015, we acquired 100% of the stock of the pci group, or pci. pci is a consortium of five specialist companies that offer integrated data and subscriptions research in the chemicals, fibers, films, and plastics sectors. pci has become part of wood mackenzie, and continues to provide services to enhance wood mackenzie's chemicals capabilities in the decision analytics segment. see note 9 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k for the preliminary purchase price allocations.
on december 8, 2014, we acquired 100% of the stock of maplecroft. using a proprietary data aggregation and analytical approach, maplecroft enables its customers to assess, monitor, and forecast a growing range of worldwide risks, including geopolitical and societal risks. within our decision analytics segment, this acquisition positions us as a provider of value chain optimization tools, providing comprehensive quantitative risk analytics and platforms by which customers can visualize, quantify, mitigate, and manage their risk. maplecroft is headquartered in bath, england.
on october 31, 2014, we acquired the net assets of dart consulting limited, or dart. dart is a provider of benchmarking and advisory solutions to financial services institutions in australia, new zealand, and other key asia-pacific markets. as part of our decision analytics segment, dart provides benchmarking solutions and professional services critical to financial services institutions in the management of lending and payment portfolios.
on january 29, 2014, we acquired the net assets of inovatus, llc, or inovatus. the assets primarily consisted of software and are embedded in our existing models focusing on reducing fraud and premium leakage for personal auto insurance carriers. the technology is included in our decision analytics segment as part of its solutions to leverage data and analytics to help insurance companies improve results.
description of discontinued operations on march 11, 2014, we sold our mortgage services business, interthinx, for a price of $151.2 million. results of operations for the mortgage services business are reported as a discontinued operation for the year ended december 31, 2014 and for all prior periods presented. see note 10 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
32
year ended december 31, 2015 compared to year ended december 31, 2014
consolidated results of continuing operations revenues revenues were $2,068.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1,746.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $321.3 million or 18.4%. in december 2014, we acquired maplecroft and in 2015, we acquired wood mackenzie, infield, and pci, all within our decision analytics segment; these comprise our recent acquisitions. these recent acquisitions provided an increase of $219.6 million in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015. excluding recent acquisitions, revenues increased $101.7 million or 5.8%. revenue growth within decision analytics was primarily driven by our insurance and financial services categories. both categories, industry-standard insurance programs and property-specific rating and underwriting information, within risk assessment contributed to its revenue growth. refer to the results of continuing operations by segment within this section for further information regarding our revenues.
cost of revenues cost of revenues was $803.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $716.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $86.7 million or 12.1%. our recent acquisitions within the decision analytics segment accounted for an increase of $82.4 million in cost of revenues, of which $6.0 million were non-recurring equity compensation associated with the wood mackenzie acquisition and the remaining amount was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, our cost of revenues increased $4.3 million or 0.6%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits cost of $18.7 million. other increases include rent expense of $3.0 million, travel expense of $1.4 million, information technology expense of $0.5 million and other operating costs of $0.9 million. these are offset by a decrease in data costs and data processing fees of $20.2 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses, or sga, were $312.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $227.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $85.4 million or 37.6%. our recent acquisitions accounted for an increase of $83.7 million in sga, of which $20.7 million were non-recurring transaction costs associated with the wood mackenzie acquisition and the remaining amount was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits, rent expense and professional consulting fees. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, sga increased $1.7 million or 0.8%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $3.4 million, information technology expense of $1.0 million, rent expense of $1.1 million, and travel expense of $0.5 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in professional consulting fees of $1.3 million and other general and administrative of $3.0 million.
depreciation and amortization of fixed assets depreciation and amortization of fixed assets was $120.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $85.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $35.1 million or 41.1%. the increase in depreciation and amortization of fixed assets includes depreciation of furniture and equipment, software, computer hardware and related equipment, and depreciation and amortization related to our recent acquisitions of $9.7 million.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets was $94.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $56.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $37.9 million or 66.8%. the increase was primarily related to intangible assets related to our recent acquisitions of $44.0 million. excluding recent acquisitions, the amortization of intangible assets decreased $6.1 million associated with assets from prior acquisitions that have been fully amortized.
investment income and others investment income and others, was a gain of $17.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to a gain of $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $16.8 million. the increase was primarily related to a gain of $15.6 million in connection with the exercise and payout of common stock warrants held by us in eagleview technology corporation, or evt. the remaining increase was mostly attributable to a net gain on foreign currencies.
33
gain on derivative instruments gain on derivative instruments was $85.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 resulting from the execution of a nonrecurring foreign currency hedging strategy in connection with the acquisition of wood mackenzie within our decision analytics segment. there was no gain on derivative instruments for the year ended december 31, 2014.
interest expense interest expense was $121.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $70.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $51.4 million or 73.3%. the increase is primarily due to the interest on the additional debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of wood mackenzie as well as the bridge financing arrangement.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes was $209.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $219.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $9.9 million or 4.5%. the effective tax rate was 29.3% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 37.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
ebitda margin the ebitda margin for our consolidated results was 51.0% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 48.8% for the year ended december 31, 2014. the non-recurring derivative gain offset by the transaction costs related to the wood mackenzie acquisition and the evt warrant exercise and payout positively impacted our ebitda margin by 3.6% for year ended december 31, 2015. the discontinued operations including the gain on the sale of our mortgage services business increased our margin by 2.8% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
results of continuing operations by segment decision analytics revenues revenues for our decision analytics segment were $1,379.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $1,096.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $283.7 million or 25.9% . our recent acquisitions accounted for an increase of $219.6 million in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2015. excluding recent acquisitions, our decision analytics revenue increased $64.1 million or 5.9%.
our revenue by category for the periods presented is set forth below for the years ended december 31:
2015                        2014           percentage change
(in thousands)
insurance                               $647,161                    $598,757               8.1       %
financial services                       116,556                      96,763              20.5       %
healthcare                               307,291                     315,628              (2.6      )%
energy and specialized markets           308,811                      84,926             263.6       %
total decision analytics              $1,379,819                  $1,096,074              25.9       %
our insurance revenue increased $48.4 million or 8.1% primarily due to an increase within our loss quantification solutions, insurance anti-fraud claims revenue, underwriting solutions, and catastrophe modeling services.
our financial services revenue increased $19.7 million or 20.5%, primarily due to a media effectiveness project revenue that occurred in the first quarter and the continued demand for our analytic solutions and services.
our healthcare revenue decreased $8.3 million or 2.6% primarily due to changes in our customer contract language related to our revenue and quality intelligence solution. for comparability, had the contract language also been in effect in the prior period, our revenue growth would have been 6.2%.
our energy and specialized markets revenue, formerly named specialized markets revenue, increased $223.9 million or 263.6%, primarily due to the recent acquisitions. excluding the recent acquisitions' revenue of $219.6 million, our specialized
34
markets revenue increased $4.3 million or 5.1%, primarily due to growth in our environmental health and safety services and weather risk solutions, and was partially offset by lower activity related to government contracts.
cost of revenues cost of revenues for our decision analytics segment was $603.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $508.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $94.9 million or 18.7%. our recent acquisitions within the decision analytics segment, accounted for an increase of $82.4 million in cost of revenues of which $6.0 million were non-recurring equity compensation associated with the wood mackenzie acquisition and the remaining amount was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisitions, our cost of revenues increased by $12.5 million or 2.5%. this increase is primarily due to increases in salary and employee benefits of $27.5 million, rent expense of $3.2 million, information technology expense of $0.8 million, travel expense of $0.5 million, and other operating costs of $1.7 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in data costs and data processing fees of $21.2 million (mostly related to the change in our customer contract terms within our healthcare vertical described above).
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for our decision analytics segment were $230.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $153.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $77.4 million or 50.4%. our recent acquisitions within the decision analytics segment accounted for an increase of $83.7 million in sga of which $20.7 million were non-recurring transaction costs associated with the wood mackenzie acquisition and the remaining amount was primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding costs associated with our recent acquisitions, sga decreased $6.3 million or 4.1%. the decrease was primarily due to decreases in salary and employee benefits of $3.2 million, professional fees of $0.9 million and other general expenses of $3.1 million. these decreases were offset by increases in information technology expense of $0.5 million, travel expense of $0.2 million and rent expense of $0.2 million.
ebitda margin the ebitda margin for our decision analytics segment including our discontinued operations, was 46.9% for the year ended december 31, 2015 and 44.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014. the non-recurring derivative gain offset by the transaction costs related to the wood mackenzie acquisition and the evt warrant exercise and payout positively impacted our ebitda margin by 5.4% for year ended december 31, 2015. the discontinued operations, including the gain on sale of the mortgage services business, increased our margin by 4.6% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
risk assessment revenues revenues for our risk assessment segment were $688.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 as compared to $650.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $37.6 million or 5.8%. the overall increase within this segment primarily resulted from an increase in prices derived from continued enhancements to the content of our industry-standard insurance programs' solutions as well as selling expanded solutions to existing customers.
our revenue by category for the periods presented is set forth below for the years ended december 31:
2015                       2014          percentage change
(in thousands)
industry-standard insurance programs                          $524,606                   $495,065              6.0       %
property-specific rating and underwriting information          163,585                    155,587              5.1       %
total risk assessment                                         $688,191                   $650,652              5.8       %
35
cost of revenues cost of revenues for our risk assessment segment was $200.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $208.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, a decrease of $8.2 million or 4.0%. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in salaries and employee benefits costs of $8.8 million related to a slight reduction in headcount that occurred in the fourth quarter in 2014. other decreases were related to information technology expenses of $0.3 million, rent expense of $0.2 million, and other operating costs of $0.8 million. these decreases were offset by increases in data costs and data processing fees of $1.0 million and travel expenses of $0.9 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for our risk assessment segment were $81.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $73.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014, an increase of $8.0 million or 10.8%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits of $6.6 million, rent expense of $0.9 million, information technology expense of $0.5 million, travel expense of $0.3 million and other general expenses of $0.1 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in professional consulting fees of $0.4 million.
ebitda margin the ebitda margin for our risk assessment segment was 59.1% for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to 56.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in margin is primarily attributed to operating leverage in the segment as well as cost efficiencies.
year ended december 31, 2014 compared to year ended december 31, 2013
consolidated results of continuing operations revenues revenues were $1,746.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $1,595.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $151.0 million or 9.5%. in december 2014, we acquired maplecroft within our decision analytics segment, a recent acquisition. maplecroft provided an increase of $0.6 million in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014. excluding this recent acquisition, revenues increased $150.4 million or 9.4%. revenue growth within decision analytics was primarily driven by our financial services, healthcare, and insurance categories. both categories, industry-standard insurance programs and property-specific rating and underwriting information, within risk assessment contributed to its revenue growth. refer to the results of continuing operations by segment within this section for further information regarding our revenues.
cost of revenues cost of revenues was $716.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $622.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $94.1 million or 15.1%. our recent acquisition of maplecroft within the decision analytics segment, accounted for an increase of $0.5 million in cost of revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014 which were primarily related to salaries and employee benefits. excluding the impact of our recent acquisition, our cost of revenues increased $93.6 million or 15.0%. the increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits cost of $38.1 million. other increases include data costs and data processing fees of $46.3 million (mostly related to our decision analytics segment), rent expense of $8.2 million, and information technology expense of $1.5 million. these are offset by a decrease in other operating costs of $0.5 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses, or sga, were $227.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $229.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, a decrease of $1.7 million or 0.7%. excluding costs associated with our recent acquisition of $0.1 million, sga decreased $1.8 million or 0.8%. the decrease was primarily due to lower salaries and employee benefits of $7.3 million mostly related to the executive transition that took place in 2013, travel expenses of $0.9 million, and a decrease in other general expenses of $2.5 million. these decreases were offset by an increase in professional fees of $4.6 million, primarily related to our attempted acquisition of evt, and information technology expense of $4.3 million.
36
depreciation and amortization of fixed assets depreciation and amortization of fixed assets was $85.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $66.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $19.3 million or 29.2%. depreciation and amortization of fixed assets includes depreciation of furniture and equipment, software, computer hardware, and related equipment. the majority of the increase relates to software and hardware costs to support data capacity expansion and revenue growth.
amortization of intangible assets amortization of intangible assets was $56.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $63.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, a decrease of $6.8 million or 10.8%. the decrease was primarily related to intangible assets associated with prior acquisitions that have been fully amortized.
investment income and others, net investment income and others, was a gain of $0.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to a gain of $0.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, a decrease of $0.4 million.
interest expense interest expense was $70.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $76.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, a decrease of $6.1 million or 8.1%. the decrease was primarily due to the repayment of the private placement debt of $180.0 million during 2013, consisting of $45.0 million that matured in april 2013, $100.0 million that matured in august 2013 and $35.0 million that matured in october 2013.
provision for income taxes the provision for income taxes was $219.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $196.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $23.4 million or 11.9%. the effective tax rate was 37.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 36.5% for the year ended december 31, 2013.
ebitda margin the ebitda margin for our consolidated results including discontinued operations, was 48.8% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 44.6% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the discontinued operations including the gain on the sale of our mortgage services business increased our margin by 2.8% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
results of continuing operations by segment decision analytics revenues revenues for our decision analytics segment were $1,096.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $977.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $118.7 million or 12.1%. our recent acquisition accounted for an increase of $0.6 million in revenues for the year ended december 31, 2014. excluding maplecroft, our decision analytics revenue increased $118.1 million or 12.1%. as described, our results in the decision analytics segment do not include the discontinued operations of our mortgage services business, which was part of our financial services vertical.
our revenue by category for the periods presented is set forth below for the years ended december 31:
2014                       2013           percentage change
(in thousands)
insurance                         $598,757                   $539,150              11.1       %
financial services                  96,763                     81,113              19.3       %
healthcare                         315,628                    271,538              16.2       %
specialized markets                 84,926                     85,626              (0.8      )%
total decision analytics        $1,096,074                   $977,427              12.1       %
37
our insurance revenue increased $59.6 million or 11.1% primarily due to an increase within our loss quantification solutions and in catastrophe modeling services for existing customers. underwriting and claims solutions as well contributed to the growth.
our financial services revenue increased $15.7 million or 19.3%, primarily due to the continued demand for our analytic solutions and services within this category.
our healthcare revenue increased $44.1 million or 16.2% primarily due to an increase in transactions within our revenue and quality intelligence solutions and due to an increase in payment accuracy solutions.
our specialized markets revenue decreased $0.7 million or 0.8%, and excluding the maplecroft acquisition revenue within this category, our specialized markets revenue decreased $1.3 million or 1.5% as a result of lower activity related to government contracts partially offset by growth in our supply chain services.
cost of revenues cost of revenues for our decision analytics segment was $508.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $428.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $80.4 million or 18.8%. excluding the impact of maplecroft, our recent acquisition, of $0.5 million, our cost of revenues increased by $79.9 million or 18.7%. this increase is primarily due to a net increase in salary and employee benefits of $28.3 million, data costs and data processing fees of $45.5 million (primarily related to our healthcare services) and rent expense of $7.2 million. these increases were offset by decreases in information technology expenses of $1.1 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for our decision analytics segment were $153.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $151.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $1.9 million or 1.3%. excluding the impact of maplecroft, our recent acquisition, of $0.1 million, sga increased $1.8 million or 1.2%. the increase was primarily due to an increase in professional consulting fees of $4.5 million, which includes expenses of $6.9 million related to the evt transaction offset by lower other consulting expenses. other increases include information technology expenses of $3.5 million. these increases are offset by decrease in salaries and employee benefits of $4.3 million, travel cost of $0.5
million and other general and administrative expenses of $1.4 million.
ebitda margin the ebitda margin for our decision analytics segment including our discontinued operations, was 44.2% for the year ended december 31, 2014 and 38.0% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the discontinued operations, including the gain on sale of the mortgage services business increased our margin by 4.6% for the year ended december 31, 2014.
risk assessment revenues revenues for our risk assessment segment were $650.6 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 as compared to $618.3 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $32.3 million or 5.2%. the overall increase within this segment primarily resulted from an increase in prices derived from continued enhancements to the content of our industry-standard insurance programs' solutions as well as selling expanded solutions to existing customers.
our revenue by category for the periods presented is set forth below for the years ended december 31:
2014                       2013          percentage change
(in thousands)
industry-standard insurance programs                          $495,065                   $471,130              5.1       %
property-specific rating and underwriting information          155,587                    147,146              5.7       %
total risk assessment                                         $650,652                   $618,276              5.2       %
38
cost of revenues cost of revenues for our risk assessment segment was $208.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $194.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, an increase of $13.7 million or 7.0%. the increase was primarily due to an increase in salaries and employee benefits costs of $9.8 million, which includes severance costs of $4.8 million that occurred in the fourth quarter in 2014. other increases were related to information technology expenses of $2.6 million, rent expense of $1.0 million, and data and consulting costs of $0.8 million. these increases were offset by a decrease in other general expenses of $0.5 million.
selling, general and administrative expenses selling, general and administrative expenses for our risk assessment segment were $73.8 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $77.4 million for the year ended december 31, 2013, a decrease of $3.6 million or 4.6%. the decrease was primarily due to a decrease in salaries and employee benefits of $3.0 million, a decrease in travel cost of $0.4 million and other general expenses of $1.1 million. these decreases were offset by an increase in information technology of $0.8 million and professional consulting fees of $0.1 million.
ebitda margin the ebitda margin for our risk assessment segment was 56.7% for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to 56.1% for the year ended december 31, 2013. the increase in margin is primarily attributed to operating leverage in the segment as well as cost efficiencies.
quarterly results of operations the following table sets forth our quarterly unaudited consolidated statement of operations data for each of the eight quarters in the period ended december 31, 2015. in management's opinion, the quarterly data has been prepared on the same basis as the audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k, and reflects all necessary adjustments for a fair presentation of this data. the results of historical periods are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations for a full year or any future period.
for the quarters ended march 31,             june 30,            september 30,             december 31,              full year
2015                   2015
(in thousands, except for per share data)
statement of operations data:
revenues                                 $459,397             $497,650               $550,401                 $560,562               $2,068,010
operating income                         $178,292             $153,722               $208,880                 $195,668                 $736,562
income from continuing operations         $98,686             $163,320               $131,814                 $113,757                 $507,577
net income                                $98,686             $163,320               $131,814                 $113,757                 $507,577
basic net income per share:                 $0.62                $0.99                  $0.78                    $0.67                    $3.07
diluted net income per share:               $0.61                $0.97                  $0.77                    $0.66                    $3.01
for the quarters ended march 31,             june 30,            september 30,             december 31,              full year
2014                   2014
(in thousands, except for per share data)
statement of operations data:
revenues                                 $409,643             $423,554               $448,665                 $464,864               $1,746,726
operating income                         $148,843             $159,066               $175,490                 $177,047                 $660,446
income from continuing operations         $84,441              $88,099                $99,015                  $99,310                 $370,865
income from discontinued operations       $31,117                   $-                     $-                  $(1,940        )         $29,177
net income                               $115,558              $88,099                $99,015                  $97,370                 $400,042
basic net income per share:                 $0.69                $0.53                  $0.60                    $0.59                    $2.41
diluted net income per share:               $0.68                $0.52                  $0.58                    $0.58                    $2.37
39
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had cash and cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities of $141.9 million and $43.2 million, respectively. subscriptions for our solutions are billed and generally paid in advance of rendering services either quarterly or in full upon commencement of the subscription period, which is usually for one year. subscriptions are automatically renewed at the beginning of each calendar year. we have historically generated significant cash flows from operations. as a result of this factor, as well as the availability of funds under our syndicated revolving credit facility, we believe we will have sufficient cash to meet our working capital and capital expenditure needs, and to fuel our future growth plans.
we have historically managed the business with a working capital deficit due to the fact that, as described above, we offer our solutions and services primarily through annual subscriptions or long-term contracts, which are generally prepaid quarterly or annually in advance of the services being rendered. when cash is received for prepayment of invoices, we record an asset (cash and cash equivalents) on our balance sheet with the offset recorded as a current liability (deferred revenues). this current liability is deferred revenue that does not require a direct cash outflow since our customers have prepaid and are obligated to purchase the services. in most businesses, growth in revenue typically leads to an increase in the accounts receivable balance causing a use of cash as a company grows. unlike these businesses, our cash position is favorably affected by revenue growth, which results in a source of cash due to our customers prepaying for most of our services.
our capital expenditures as a percentage of revenues for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, were 8.0% and 8.4%, respectively. we estimate our capital expenditures for 2016 will be approximately $175 million, which primarily consists of expenditures on our technology infrastructure and our continuing investments in developing and enhancing our solutions. expenditures related to developing and enhancing our solutions are predominately related to internal use software and are capitalized in accordance with asc 350-40, "accounting for costs of computer software developed or obtained for internal use." we also capitalize amounts in accordance with asc 985-20, "software to be sold, leased or otherwise marketed."
we have also historically used a portion of our cash for repurchases of our common stock from our stockholders. for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, we repurchased $20.5 million, $778.5 million and $277.4 million, respectively, of our common stock.
in prior years, we provided pension and postretirement benefits to certain qualifying active employees and retirees. on february 29, 2012, we instituted a hard freeze, which eliminated all future compensation and service credits, to all participants in the pension plans. in april 2012, we completed a voluntary prefunding to our qualified pension plan of $72.0 million, which resulted in a contribution of $78.8 million for the year, of which $28.2 million was the minimum contribution requirement for 2012. as a result of the prefunding, we do not expect to make any contribution in 2016 with respect to our qualified pension plan. under the postretirement plan, we provided certain healthcare and life insurance benefits to qualifying participants; however, participants are required to pay a stated percentage of the premium coverage. we expect to contribute approximately $1.0 million to the postretirement plan in 2016. see note 17 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k.
financing and financing capacity we had total debt, excluding capital lease obligations and the discounts on our senior notes, of $3,170.0 million and $1,430.0 million at december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the debt at december 31, 2015 was primarily issued under senior notes in may 2015, during 2012 and 2011 and borrowings outstanding under the new credit facility described below. on may 15, 2015, we completed issuances of senior notes in aggregate principal amounts of $900.0 million and $350.0 million due on june 15, 2025 and june 15, 2045, respectively, that accrue interest at a rate of 4.000% and 5.500%, respectively. interest is payable semi-annually on both series of senior notes on june 15th and december 15th of each year, beginning on december 15, 2015. the senior notes were issued at a discount of $4.8 million and $1.2 million, respectively, and we incurred debt issuance costs on the senior notes of $7.6 million and $4.1 million, respectively. the discount and debt issuance costs were recorded as "long-term debt" and "other assets," respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, and these costs will be amortized to "interest expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations within this form 10-k over the life of the respective senior note. the net proceeds from the issuance of these notes were utilized to partially fund the acquisition of wood mackenzie. the indenture governing the senior notes restricts our ability to, among other things, create certain liens, enter into sale/leaseback transactions and consolidate with, sell, lease, convey or otherwise transfer all or substantially all of our assets, or merge with or into, any other person or entity. as of december 31, 2015, we had senior notes with an aggregate principal amount of $2,300.0 million outstanding, and we were in compliance with our debt covenants.
on april 22, 2015, we signed an agreement to enter into a $1,750.0 million committed senior unsecured syndicated revolving credit facility, or new credit facility, with bank of america n.a., jp morgan chase, n.a., sun trust bank, wells fargo bank n.a., citizens bank, n.a., morgan stanley senior funding, inc., hsbc bank usa, n.a., royal bank of canada,
40
bnp paribas, td bank, n.a., the northern trust company, and capital one n.a. the new credit facility became effective on may 15, 2015, and we utilized borrowings of $930.0 million from the new credit facility to partially fund the purchase of wood mackenzie. the new credit facility may also be used for general corporate purposes, including working capital needs and capital expenditures, acquisitions and the share repurchase program, or repurchase program. the new credit facility has replaced the previously existing $990.0 million syndicated revolving credit facility, or old credit facility. on july 24, 2015, we entered into the first amendment to the new credit facility which modified the definitions of consolidated ebit and consolidated ebitda to permit the adding back of certain non-recurring expenses related to the acquisition of wood mackenzie.
the new credit facility contains certain financial and other covenants that, among other things, impose certain restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, and capital expenditures. these covenants also place restrictions on mergers, asset sales, sale/leaseback transactions, payments between us and our subsidiaries, and certain transactions with affiliates. the financial covenants require that, at the end of any fiscal quarter, we have a consolidated interest coverage ratio of at least 3.0 to 1.0 and that we maintain, during any period of four fiscal quarters, a consolidated funded debt leverage ratio of 3.75 to 1.0, which ratio steps down to 3.5 to 1.0 at the end of the fourth fiscal quarter ending after the consummation of the acquisition of wood mackenzie. we were in compliance with all financial covenants under the new credit facility as of december 31, 2015. as of december 31, 2015, we had total combined borrowings under the old credit facility and new credit facility of $1,155.0 million and repaid $445.0 million during the year ended december 31, 2015. interest on borrowings under the new credit facility is payable at an interest rate of libor plus 1.125% to 1.625%, depending upon the consolidated funded debt leverage ratio. a commitment fee on any unused balance is payable periodically and may range from 12.5 to 25.0 basis points based upon the consolidated funded debt leverage ratio. as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, we had outstanding borrowings under the new credit facility and old credit facility of $870.0 million and $160.0 million, respectively. all borrowings under the new credit facility are and shall continue to remain unsecured. the debt outstanding at december 31, 2015 under the new credit facility contains maturity dates in 2016.  throughout 2016, we plan to repay a portion of this debt through cash from operations and to refinance the remainder through our new credit facility. in january and february 2016, we utilized cash from operations to repay a total of $165.0 million of the $870.0 million outstanding borrowings at december 31, 2015 under the new credit facility.
as of december 31, 2015, we no longer have any outstanding private placement debt. on april 29, 2015, we repaid $85.0 million and $50.0 million of private placement debt with prudential capital group and new york life, respectively, that came due utilizing $55.0 million from cash on hand and $80.0 million from borrowings under the credit facility. in addition, on may 14, 2015, we prepaid the remaining private placement debt with new york life of $17.5 million, which had been due on october 26, 2015, and $17.5 million and $50.0 million of remaining private placement debt with prudential, which had been due on october 26, 2015 and june 15, 2016, respectively. to prepay this debt, we utilized $25.0 million of cash on hand and borrowings from our old credit facility of $60.0 million. the contractual costs for the prepayment of this debt was $4.8 million and was recorded to "interest expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations within this form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015.
on march 10, 2015, in connection with our agreement to acquire wood mackenzie, we entered into a commitment letter for a $2,300.0 million 364-day bridge financing arrangement with bank of america n.a. and morgan stanley bank n.a. acting as joint lead arrangers. this financing arrangement was only to be utilized in the event we did not carry out the debt and equity offerings relating to its acquisition of wood mackenzie by a certain date, and was terminated upon the closing of the acquisition. see note 9 of our consolidated financial statements included within this form 10-k. we paid fees associated with this financing arrangement of $9.1 million. due to the completion of the debt and equity offerings, this arrangement was terminated and the full $9.1 million of fees were recorded to "interest expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations within this form 10-k for the year ended december 31, 2015.
cash flow the following table summarizes our cash flow data for the years ended december 31:
2015                                                                      2014                  2013
(in thousands)
net cash provided by operating activities                  $623,687           $489,452              $506,920
net cash used in investing activities                   $(3,006,317   )       $(35,530      )       $(145,626     )
net cash provided by (used in) financing activities      $2,481,013           $(579,078     )       $(284,472     )
operating activities
41
net cash provided by operating activities increased to $623.7 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 compared to $489.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the increase in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to an increase in cash receipts from customers driven by an increase in revenues and operating profit and additional operating cash flow from wood mackenzie, partially offset by acquisition fees related to the acquisition of wood mackenzie and interest payments on our senior notes that were issued in may 2015.
net cash provided by operating activities decreased to $489.5 million for the year ended december 31, 2014 compared to $506.9 million for the year ended december 31, 2013. net cash provided by operating activities was primarily affected by the sale of our mortgage services business and the timing of excess tax benefits from exercised stock options in the first quarter of 2013.
investing activities net cash used in investing activities was $3,006.3 million and $35.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively. the change in investing activities was primarily due to the cash used for the acquisition of wood mackenzie of $2,889.6 million on may 19, 2015.
net cash used in investing activities was $35.5 million and $145.6 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily due to the sale of our mortgage services business for $155.0 million on march 11, 2014, partially offset by the acquisition of maplecroft of $30.1 million.
financing activities net cash provided by financing activities was $2,481.0 million for the year ended december 31, 2015 and net cash used in financing activities was $579.1 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2015 was primarily related to the net proceeds from the debt and equity offerings of $1,244.0 million and $720.8 million, respectively, and other borrowings from our old and new credit facilities, partially offset by repurchases of common stock $20.5 million. net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily related to the repurchase of common stock of $778.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from stock option exercises and other stock option related items of $47.2 million.
net cash used in financing activities was $579.1 million and $284.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase of net cash used in financing activities for the year ended december 31, 2014 was primarily due to the repurchase of common stock of $778.5 million related to the asr, partially offset by net debt draw downs of $160.0 million.
contractual obligations the following table summarizes our contractual obligations and commercial commitments at december 31, 2015 and the future periods in which such obligations are expected to be settled in cash:
payments due by period total                less than1 year                  2-3 years                  4-5 years                  more than5 years
(in thousands)
contractual obligations long-term debt, current portion of long-term debt and interest        $3,480,575            $107,975                            $215,950                   $442,083                    $2,714,567
operating leases                                                         446,564                    46,245                        82,864                     77,990                       239,465
pension and postretirement plans (1)                                      41,236                     3,189                         5,715                      5,281                        27,051
capital lease obligations                                                  7,378                     4,976                         2,098                        273                            31
other long-term liabilities (2)                                           21,016                    19,338                           831                        303                           544
total (3)                                                             $3,996,769            $181,723                            $307,458                   $525,930                    $2,981,658
(1)   our funding policy is to contribute at least equal to the minimum legal funding requirement.
(2)   other long-term liabilities consist of our esop contributions and employee-related deferred compensation plan. we also have a deferred compensation plan for our board of directors; however, based on past performance and the uncertainty of the dollar amounts to be paid, if any, we have excluded such amounts from the above table.
42
(3)   unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $14.5 million have been recorded as liabilities in accordance with asc 740, which have been omitted from the table above, and we are uncertain as to if or when such amounts may be settled, with the exception of those amounts subject to a statute of limitation. related to the unrecognized tax benefits, we also have recorded a liability for potential penalties and interest of $2.8 million.
off-balance sheet arrangements we have no off-balance sheet arrangements.
critical accounting policies and estimates our management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states. the preparation of these financial statements require management to make estimates and judgments that affect reported amounts of assets and liabilities and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. these estimates are based on historical experience and on other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. on an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, goodwill and intangible assets, pension and other post retirement benefits, stock based compensation, and income taxes. actual results may differ from these assumptions or conditions.
revenue recognition the company's revenues are primarily derived from sales of services and revenue is recognized as services are performed and information is delivered to our customers. revenue is recognized when persuasive evidence of an arrangement exists, delivery has occurred or services have been rendered, fees and/or price are fixed or determinable and collectability is reasonably assured. revenues for subscription services are recognized ratably over the subscription term, usually one year. revenues from transaction-based fees are recognized as information is delivered to customers, assuming all other revenue recognition criteria are met.
the company also has term based software licenses where the only remaining undelivered element is post-contract customer support or pcs, including unspecified upgrade rights on a when and if available basis. the company recognizes revenue for these licenses ratably over the duration of the license term. the pcs associated with these arrangements is coterminous with the duration of the license term. the company also provides hosting or software solutions that provide continuous access to information and include pcs and recognizes revenue ratably over the duration of the license term. in addition, the determination of certain of our services revenues requires the use of estimates, principally related to transaction volumes in instances where these volumes are reported to us by our clients on a monthly basis in arrears. in these instances, we estimate transaction volumes based on average actual volumes reported by our customers in the past. differences between our estimates and actual final volumes reported are recorded in the period in which actual volumes are reported. we have not experienced significant variances between our estimates of these services revenues reported to us by our customers and actual reported volumes in the past.
we invoice our customers in annual, quarterly, or monthly installments. amounts billed and collected in advance are recorded as deferred revenues on the balance sheet and are recognized as the services are performed and revenue recognition criteria are met.
stock based compensation the fair value of equity awards is measured on the date of grant using a black-scholes option-pricing model, which requires the use of several estimates, including expected term, expected risk-free interest rate, expected volatility and expected dividend yield.
stock based compensation cost is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the awards granted, and is recognized as expense over the requisite service period. option grants and restricted stock awards are generally expensed ratably over the four-year vesting period. we follow the substantive vesting period approach for awards granted after january 1, 2005, which requires that stock based compensation expense be recognized over the period from the date of grant to the date when the award is no longer contingent on the employee providing additional service.
we estimate expected forfeitures of equity awards at the date of grant and recognize compensation expense only for those awards expected to vest. the forfeiture assumption is ultimately adjusted to the actual forfeiture rate.
goodwill and intangibles goodwill represents the excess of acquisition costs over the fair value of tangible net assets and identifiable intangible assets of the businesses acquired. goodwill and intangible assets deemed to have indefinite lives are not amortized. intangible
43
assets determined to have definite lives are amortized over their useful lives. goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives are subject to impairment testing annually as of june 30, or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable, using the guidance and criteria described in the accounting standard for goodwill and other intangible assets. this testing compares carrying values to fair values and, when appropriate, the carrying value of these assets is reduced to fair value.
as of december 31, 2015, we had goodwill and net intangible assets of $4,511.6 million, which represents 80.3% of our total assets. during 2015, we performed an impairment test as of june 30, 2015 and confirmed that no impairment charge was necessary. there are many assumptions and estimates used that directly impact the results of impairment testing, including an estimate of future expected revenues, earnings and cash flows, useful lives and discount rates applied to such expected cash flows in order to estimate fair value. we have the ability to influence the outcome and ultimate results based on the assumptions and estimates we choose for determining the fair value of our reporting units. to mitigate undue influence, we set criteria and benchmarks that are reviewed and approved by various levels of management and reviewed by other independent parties. the determination of whether or not goodwill or indefinite-lived acquired intangible assets have become impaired involves a significant level of judgment in the assumptions and estimates underlying the approach used to determine the value of our reporting units. changes in our strategy or market conditions could significantly impact these judgments and require an impairment to be recorded to intangible assets and goodwill. as part of this regular process, the company conducted the annual impairment test of our newly acquired energy reporting unit at june 30, 2015, at which time the fair value exceeded its carrying value by less than 5%.  this outcome is consistent with the company's expectation due to the proximity of the impairment test date of june 30 to the acquisition date of may 19, 2015. our valuation has not indicated any impairment of our goodwill asset of $3,134.8 million as of december 31, 2015. for the year ended december 31, 2015, there were no impairment indicators related to our intangible assets.
there was a significant estimate this year related to the acquisition of wood mackenzie. the preliminarily estimated fair values of the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in connection with the purchase of wood mackenzie have been recognized in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets based on known facts that existed on the date of acquisition. the excess of the purchase price over the preliminary fair values of the net tangible and intangible assets was recorded as goodwill. we determined the estimated fair values of the assets and liabilities of wood mackenzie with the assistance of valuations performed by third party specialists, discounted cash flow analysis and estimates made by management. these estimates and assumptions are subject to change during the measurement period (up to one year from the acquisition date) and may have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements. see note 9 of our consolidated financial statements included in this form 10-k for further information.
pension and postretirement on february 29, 2012, we instituted a hard freeze, which eliminates all future compensation and service credits, to all participants in the pension plans. see note 17 to our consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on form 10-k. we account for our pension and postretirement benefit plans in accordance with the accounting standard for employers' accounting for defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. this standard requires that employers recognize on a prospective basis the funded status of their defined benefit pension and other postretirement benefit plans on their consolidated balance sheets and recognize as a component of other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax, the gains or losses and prior service costs or credits that arise during the period but are not recognized as components of net periodic benefit (credit) cost.
certain assumptions are used in the determination of our annual net period benefit (credit) cost and the disclosure of the funded status of these plans. the principal assumptions concern the discount rate used to measure the projected benefit obligation and the expected return on plan assets. we revise these assumptions based on an annual evaluation of long-term trends and market conditions that may have an impact on the cost of providing retirement benefits.
in determining the discount rate, we utilize quoted rates from long-term bond indices, and changes in long-term bond rates over the past year, cash flow models and other data sources we consider reasonable based upon the life expectancy and mortality rate of eligible employees. as part of our evaluation, we calculate the approximate average yields on securities that were selected to match our separate projected cash flows for both the pension and postretirement plans. our separate benefit plan cash flows are input into actuarial models that include data for corporate bonds rated aa or better at the measurement date. the output from the actuarial models are assessed against the prior year's discount rate and quoted rates for long-term bond indices. for our pension plans at december 31, 2015, we determined this rate to be 4.73%, an increase of 0.74% from the 3.99% rate used at december 31, 2014. our postretirement rate is 3.25% at december 31, 2015, an increase of 0.25% from the 3.00% used at december 31, 2014.
the expected return on plan assets is determined by taking into consideration our analysis of our actual historical investment returns to a broader long-term forecast adjusted based on our target investment allocation, and the current economic environment. our pension asset investment guidelines target an investment portfolio allocation of 40.00% debt securities and
44
60.00% equity securities. as of december 31, 2015, the pension plan assets were allocated 39.60% debt, 60.00% equity securities and 0.40% other. the veba plan target allocation is 100% debt. we have used our target investment allocation to derive the expected return as we believe this allocation will be retained on an ongoing basis that will be commensurate with the projected cash flows of the plan. the expected return for each investment category within our target investment allocation is developed using average historical rates of return for each targeted investment category, considering the projected cash flow of the qualified pension plan and postretirement plan. the difference between this expected return and the actual return on plan assets is generally deferred and recognized over subsequent periods through future net periodic benefit (credits) costs. we believe these considerations provide the basis for reasonable assumptions with respect to the expected long-term rate of return on plan assets.
the measurement date used to determine the benefit obligation and plan assets is december 31. the future benefit payments for the postretirement plan are net of the federal medical subsidy. as a result of the patient protection and affordable care act and the health care and education reconciliation act of 2010, the tax treatment of federal subsidies paid to sponsors of retiree health benefit plans that provide prescription drug benefits that are at least actuarially equivalent to the corresponding benefits provided under medicare part d was effectively changed. this legislative change reduces future tax benefits of the coverage we provided to participants in the postretirement plan. we are required to account for this change in the period during which the law is enacted.
a one percent change in discount rate and future rate of return on plan assets would have the following effects:
pension                                                                                                    postretirement
1% decrease                                          1% increase                                           1% decrease                                         1% increase benefit                     projected                benefit                      projected               benefit                     projected               benefit                     projected
(credit) cost               benefit                  (credit) cost                benefit                 (credit) cost               benefit                 (credit) cost               benefit obligation                                            obligation                                          obligation                                          obligation
(in thousands)
discount rate                       $(735          )            $45,968                  $349                        $(38,530       )          $(50          )            $1,220                   $42                        $(1,083       )
expected rate of return on assets   $4,591                      $-                       $(4,591        )            $-                        $141                       $-                       $(141         )            $-
income taxes in projecting future taxable income, we develop assumptions including the amount of future state, federal and foreign pretax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences, and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax planning strategies. these assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we use to manage the underlying businesses. the calculation of our tax liabilities also involves dealing with uncertainties in the application and evolution of complex tax laws and regulations in other jurisdictions.
we account for uncertain tax positions in accordance with accounting for uncertainty in income taxes - an interpretation of asc 740, which addresses the determination of whether tax benefits claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return should be recorded in the financial statements. under this interpretation, we may recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position.
we recognize and adjust our liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. due to the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. these differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which they are determined.
we estimate unrecognized tax positions of $0.5 million that may be recognized by december 31, 2016, due to expiration of statutes of limitations and resolution of audits with taxing authorities, net of additional uncertain tax positions.
as of december 31, 2015, we have gross federal, state, and foreign income tax net operating loss carryforwards of $56.6 million, which will expire at various dates from 2016 through 2035. such net operating loss carryforwards expire as follows:
(in thousands)
2016 - 2023          $3,428
2024 - 2028          12,418
2029 - 2035          40,720
$56,566
45
the net deferred income tax liability of $396.4 million consists primarily of timing differences involving depreciation and amortization.
recent accounting pronouncements for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements, refer to note 2(s) to the audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
