item 1a.    risk factors this section discusses the most significant factors that affect our business, operations and financial condition. it does not describe all risks and uncertainties applicable to us, our industry or ownership of our securities. if any of the following risks, or any other risks and uncertainties that are not addressed below or that we have not yet identified, actually occur, we could be materially adversely affected and the value of our securities could decline.
we have grouped these risk factors into three general categories:
•   risks arising from our business;
•   risks arising from our capital structure; and
•   risks arising from our status as a reit.
risks arising from our business the properties managed by atria and sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; adverse developments in atria's or sunrise's business and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us.
as of december 31, 2015, atria and sunrise, collectively, managed 268 of our seniors housing communities pursuant to long-term management agreements. these properties represent a substantial portion of our portfolio, based on their gross book
22
value, and account for a significant portion of our revenues and noi. although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, we rely on atria's and sunrise's personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. we also rely on atria and sunrise to set appropriate resident fees, to provide accurate property-level financial results for our properties in a timely manner and to otherwise operate our seniors housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. for example, we depend on atria's and sunrise's ability to attract and retain skilled management personnel who are responsible for the day-to-day operations of our seniors housing communities. a shortage of nurses or other trained personnel or general inflationary pressures may force atria or sunrise to enhance its pay and benefits package to compete effectively for such personnel, but it may not be able to offset these added costs by increasing the rates charged to residents. any increase in labor costs and other property operating expenses, any failure by atria or sunrise to attract and retain qualified personnel, or significant changes in atria's or sunrise's senior management or equity ownership could adversely affect the income we receive from our seniors housing communities and have a material adverse effect on us.
because atria and sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. however, any adverse developments in atria's or sunrise's business and affairs or financial condition could impair its ability to manage our properties efficiently and effectively and could have a material adverse effect on us. if atria or sunrise experiences any significant financial, legal, accounting or regulatory difficulties due to a weak economy or otherwise, such difficulties could result in, among other adverse events, acceleration of its indebtedness, impairment of its continued access to capital, the enforcement of default remedies by its counterparties, or the commencement of insolvency proceedings by or against it under the u.s. bankruptcy code, any one or a combination of which indirectly could have a material adverse effect on us.
our leases with brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent account for a significant portion of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income; any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living, kindred or ardent to satisfy its obligations under our agreements could have a material adverse effect on us.
the properties we lease to brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent account for a significant portion of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and noi, and because our leases with brookdale senior living and ardent and the kindred master leases are triple-net leases, we depend on brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent to pay all insurance, taxes, utilities and maintenance and repair expenses in connection with the leased properties. we cannot assure you that brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their respective obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living, kindred or ardent to do so could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, any failure by brookdale senior living, kindred or ardent to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect its business reputation and its ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have a material adverse effect on us. brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless from and against various claims, litigation and liabilities arising in connection with their respective businesses, and we cannot assure you that brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent will have sufficient assets, income, access to financing and insurance coverage to enable them to satisfy their respective indemnification obligations.
we face potential adverse consequences of bankruptcy or insolvency by our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers and other obligors.
we are exposed to the risk that our tenants, operators, borrowers, managers or other obligors may become bankrupt or insolvent. although our lease, loan and management agreements give us the right to exercise certain remedies in the event of default on the obligations owing to us or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events, federal laws afford certain rights to a party that has filed for bankruptcy or reorganization. for example, a debtor-lessee may reject our lease in a bankruptcy proceeding, in which case our claim against the debtor-lessee for unpaid and future rents would be limited by the statutory cap of the u.s. bankruptcy code. this statutory cap could be substantially less than the remaining rent actually owed under the lease, and any claim we have for unpaid rent might not be paid in full. in addition, a debtor-lessee may assert in a bankruptcy proceeding that our lease should be re-characterized as a financing agreement, in which case our rights and remedies as a lender, compared to a landlord, generally would be more limited. if a debtor-manager seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the u.s. bankruptcy code would preclude us from enforcing our remedies against the manager unless relief is first obtained from the court having jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. in any of these events, we also may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of our properties, avoid the imposition of liens on our properties or transition our properties to a new tenant, operator or manager.
23
we have rights to terminate our management agreements with atria and sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace atria or sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed.
we are parties to long-term management agreements pursuant to which atria and sunrise, collectively, provided comprehensive property management and accounting services with respect to 268 of our seniors housing communities as of december 31, 2015. most of our management agreements with atria have terms expiring either july 31, 2024 or december 31, 2027, with successive automatic ten-year renewal periods, and our management agreements with sunrise have terms ranging from 25 to 30 years (which commenced as early as 2004 and as recently as 2012). our ability to terminate these long-term management agreements is limited to specific circumstances set forth in the agreements and may relate to all properties or a specific property or group of properties.
we may terminate any of our atria management agreements upon the occurrence of an event of default by atria in the performance of a material covenant or term thereof (including, in certain circumstances, the revocation of any license or certificate necessary for operation), subject in most cases to atria's right to cure such default, or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events relating to atria. in addition, we may terminate our management agreements with atria based on the failure to achieve certain noi targets or upon the payment of a fee.
similarly, we may terminate any of our sunrise management agreements upon the occurrence of an event of default by sunrise in the performance of a material covenant or term thereof (including, in certain circumstances, the revocation of any license or certificate necessary for operation), subject in most cases to sunrise's right to cure such default, or upon the occurrence of certain insolvency events relating to sunrise. we also may terminate most of our management agreements with sunrise based on the failure to achieve certain noi targets or to comply with certain expense control covenants, subject to certain rights of sunrise to make cure payments to us, and upon the occurrence of certain other events or the existence of certain other conditions.
we continually monitor and assess our contractual rights and remedies under our management agreements with atria and sunrise. when determining whether to pursue any existing or future rights or remedies under those agreements, including termination rights, we consider numerous factors, including legal, contractual, regulatory, business and other relevant considerations. in the event that we exercise our rights to terminate the atria or sunrise management agreements for any reason or such agreements are not renewed upon expiration of their terms, we would attempt to reposition the affected properties with another manager. although we believe that many qualified national and regional seniors housing operators would be interested in managing our seniors housing communities, we cannot assure you that we would be able to locate another suitable manager or, if we are successful in locating such a manager, that it would manage the properties effectively. moreover, the transition to a replacement manager would require approval by the applicable regulatory authorities and, in most cases, the mortgage lenders for the properties, and we cannot assure you that such approvals would be granted on a timely basis, if at all. any inability to replace, or a lengthy delay in replacing, atria or sunrise as the manager of our seniors housing communities following termination or non-renewal of the applicable management agreements could have a material adverse effect on us.
if we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
we cannot predict whether our tenants will renew existing leases beyond their current term. if our leases with brookdale senior living or ardent, the kindred master leases or any of our other triple-net leases are not renewed, we would attempt to reposition those properties with another tenant or operator. in case of non-renewal, we generally have one year prior to expiration of the lease term to arrange for repositioning of the properties and our tenants are required to continue to perform all of their obligations (including the payment of all rental amounts) for the non-renewed assets until such expiration. however, following expiration of a lease term or if we exercise our right to replace a tenant or operator in default, rental payments on the related properties could decline or cease altogether while we reposition the properties with a suitable replacement tenant or operator. we also might not be successful in identifying suitable replacements or entering into leases or other arrangements with new tenants or operators on a timely basis or on terms as favorable to us as our current leases, if at all, and we may be required to fund certain expenses and obligations (e.g., real estate taxes, debt costs and maintenance expenses) to preserve the value of, and avoid the imposition of liens on, our properties while they are being repositioned. in addition, we may incur certain obligations and liabilities, including obligations to indemnify the replacement tenant or operator, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
in the event of non-renewal or a tenant default, our ability to reposition our properties with a suitable replacement tenant or operator could be significantly delayed or limited by state licensing, receivership, con or other laws, as well as by the medicare and medicaid change-of-ownership rules, and we could incur substantial additional expenses in connection with any licensing, receivership or change-of-ownership proceedings. our ability to locate and attract suitable replacement tenants also
24
could be impaired by the specialized healthcare uses or contractual restrictions on use of the properties, and we may be forced to spend substantial amounts to adapt the properties to other uses. any such delays, limitations and expenses could adversely impact our ability to collect rent, obtain possession of leased properties or otherwise exercise remedies for tenant default and could have a material adverse effect on us.
moreover, in connection with certain of our properties, we have entered into intercreditor agreements with the tenants' lenders or tri-party agreements with our lenders. our ability to exercise remedies under the applicable leases or management agreements or to reposition the applicable properties may be significantly delayed or limited by the terms of the intercreditor agreement or tri-party agreement. any such delay or limit on our rights and remedies could adversely affect our ability to mitigate our losses and could have a material adverse effect on us.
merger and acquisition activity or consolidation in the seniors housing and healthcare industries resulting in a change of control of, or a competitor's investment in, one or more of our tenants, operators or managers could have a material adverse effect on us.
the seniors housing and healthcare industries have recently experienced increased consolidation, including among owners of real estate and care providers. we compete with other healthcare reits, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders, real estate partnerships, banks, insurance companies, private equity firms and other investors that pursue a variety of investments, which may include investments in our tenants, operators or managers. a competitor's investment in one of our tenants, operators or managers could enable our competitor to influence that tenant's, operator's or manager's business and strategy in a manner that impairs our relationship with the tenant, operator or manager or is otherwise adverse to our interests. depending on our contractual agreements and the specific facts and circumstances, we may have the right to consent to, or otherwise exercise rights and remedies, including termination rights, on account of, a competitor's investment in, a change of control of, or other transactions impacting a tenant, operator or manager. in deciding whether to exercise our rights and remedies, including termination rights, we assess numerous factors, including legal, contractual, regulatory, business and other relevant considerations. in addition, in connection with any change of control of a tenant, operator or manager, the tenant's, operator's or manager's management team may change, which could lead to a change in the tenant's, operator's or manager's strategy or adversely affect the business of the tenant, operator or manager, either of which could have a material adverse effect on us.
market conditions, including, but not limited to, interest rates and credit spreads, the availability of credit and the actual and perceived state of the real estate markets and public capital markets generally could negatively impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition.
the markets in which we operate are affected by a number of factors that are largely beyond our control but may nevertheless have a significant negative impact on us. these factors include, but are not limited to:
•   interest rates and credit spreads;
•   the availability of credit, including the price, terms and conditions under which it can be obtained; and
•   the actual and perceived state of the real estate market, the market for dividend-paying stocks and public capital markets in general.
in addition, increased inflation may have a pronounced negative impact on the interest expense we pay in connection with our outstanding indebtedness and our general and administrative expenses, as these costs could increase at a rate higher than our rents.
deflation may result in a decline in general price levels, often caused by a decrease in the supply of money or credit. the predominant effects of deflation are high unemployment, credit contraction and weakened consumer demand. restricted lending practices may impact our ability to obtain financing for our properties, which could adversely impact our growth and profitability.
our ongoing strategy depends, in part, upon future investments in and acquisitions of, or our development or redevelopment of, seniors housing and healthcare assets, and we may not be successful in identifying and consummating these transactions.
an important part of our business strategy is to continue to expand and diversify our portfolio through accretive acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities in domestic and international seniors housing and healthcare properties. our execution of this strategy by successfully identifying, securing and consummating beneficial transactions is made more challenging by increased competition and can be affected by many factors, including our relationships with current and prospective clients, our ability to obtain debt and equity capital at costs comparable to or better than our competitors and lower than the yield we earn on our acquisitions or investments, and our ability to negotiate favorable terms with property owners seeking to sell and other contractual counterparties. our competitors for these opportunities
25
include other healthcare reits, real estate partnerships, healthcare providers, healthcare lenders and other investors, including developers, banks, insurance companies, pension funds, government-sponsored entities and private equity firms, some of whom may have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than we do. see "business-competition" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. if we are unsuccessful at identifying and capitalizing on investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment opportunities, our growth and profitability may be adversely affected.
investments in and acquisitions of seniors housing and healthcare properties entail risks associated with real estate investments generally, including risks that the investment will not achieve expected returns, that the cost estimates for necessary property improvements will prove inaccurate or that the tenant, operator or manager will fail to meet performance expectations. investments outside the united states raise legal, economic and market risks associated with doing business in foreign countries, such as currency exchange fluctuations, costly regulatory requirements and foreign tax risks. domestic and international real estate development and redevelopment projects present additional risks, including construction delays or cost overruns that increase expenses, the inability to obtain required zoning, occupancy and other governmental approvals and permits on a timely basis, and the incurrence of significant costs prior to completion of the project. furthermore, healthcare properties are often highly customized and the development or redevelopment of such properties may require costly tenant-specific improvements. as a result, we cannot assure you that we will achieve the economic benefit we expect from acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment opportunities.
our significant acquisition and investment activity presents certain risks to our business and operations.
we have made and expect to continue to make significant acquisitions and investments as part of our overall business strategy. our significant acquisition and investment activity presents certain risks to our business and operations, including, among other things, that:
•   we may be unable to successfully integrate the operations, personnel or systems of acquired companies, maintain consistent standards, controls, policies and procedures, or realize the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and other investments within the anticipated time frame or at all;
•   we may be unable to effectively monitor and manage our expanded portfolio of properties, retain key employees or attract highly qualified new employees;
•   projections of estimated future revenues, costs savings or operating metrics that we develop during the due diligence and integration planning process might be inaccurate;
•   our leverage could increase or our per share financial results could decline if we incur additional debt or issue equity securities to finance acquisitions and investments;
•   acquisitions and other new investments could divert management's attention from our existing assets;
•   the value of acquired assets or the market price of our common stock may decline; and
•   we may be unable to continue paying dividends at the current rate.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to integrate acquisitions and investments without encountering difficulties or that any such difficulties will not have a material adverse effect on us.
if the liabilities we assume in connection with acquisitions, including indemnification obligations in favor of third parties, are greater than expected, or if there are unknown liabilities, our business could be materially and adversely affected.
we may assume or incur liabilities in connection with our acquisitions, including, in some cases, contingent liabilities. as we integrate these acquisitions, we may learn additional information about the sellers, the properties, their operations and their liabilities that adversely affects us, such as:
•   liabilities relating to the clean-up or remediation of undisclosed environmental conditions;
•   unasserted claims of vendors or other persons dealing with the sellers;
•   liabilities, claims and litigation, including indemnification obligations, whether or not incurred in the ordinary course of business, relating to periods prior to or following our acquisition;
•   claims for indemnification by general partners, directors, officers and others indemnified by the sellers; and
•   liabilities for taxes relating to periods prior to our acquisition.
as a result, we cannot assure you that our past or future acquisitions will be successful or will not, in fact, harm our business. among other things, if the liabilities we assume in connection with acquisitions are greater than expected, or if we
26
discover obligations relating to the acquired properties or businesses of which we were not aware at the time of acquisition, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely affected.
in addition, we have now, and may have in the future, certain surviving indemnification obligations in favor of third parties under the terms of acquisition agreements to which we are a party.  most of these indemnification obligations will be capped as to amount and survival period, and we do not believe that these obligations will be material in the aggregate.  however, there can be no assurances as to the ultimate amount of such obligations or whether such obligations will have a material adverse effect on us.
our future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage the expansion of our hospital portfolio and operations following the acquisition of ahs.
as a result of our acquisition of ahs, we entered into the general acute care hospital sector. part of our long-term business strategy involves expanding our hospital portfolio through additional acquisitions. both the asset management of our existing general acute care hospital portfolio and such additional acquisitions may involve complex challenges. our future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to manage our expansion opportunities, integrate new investments into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, successfully monitor the operations, costs, regulatory compliance and service quality of our operators and leverage our relationships with ardent and other operators of hospitals. it is possible that our expansion or acquisition opportunities within the general acute care hospital sector will not be successful, which could adversely impact our growth and future results.
our investments are concentrated in seniors housing and healthcare real estate, making us more vulnerable economically to adverse changes in the real estate market and the seniors housing and healthcare industries than if our investments were diversified.
we invest primarily in seniors housing and healthcare properties and are constrained by the terms of our existing indebtedness from making investments outside those industries. this investment focus exposes us to greater economic risk than if our portfolio were to include real estate assets in other industries or assets unrelated to real estate.
the healthcare industry is highly regulated, and changes in government regulation and reimbursement can have material adverse consequences on its participants, some of which may be unintended. the healthcare industry is also highly competitive, and our operators and managers may encounter increased competition for residents and patients, including with respect to the scope and quality of care and services provided, reputation and financial condition, physical appearance of the properties, price and location. if our tenants, operators and managers are unable to successfully compete with other operators and managers by maintaining profitable occupancy and rate levels, their ability to meet their respective obligations to us may be materially adversely affected. we cannot assure you that future changes in government regulation will not adversely affect the healthcare industry, including our seniors housing and healthcare operations, tenants and operators, nor can we be certain that our tenants, operators and managers will achieve and maintain occupancy and rate levels that will enable them to satisfy their obligations to us. any adverse changes in the regulation of the healthcare industry or the competitiveness of our tenants, operators and managers could have a more pronounced effect on us than if we had investments outside the seniors housing and healthcare industries.
real estate investments are relatively illiquid, and our ability to quickly sell or exchange our properties in response to changes in economic or other conditions is limited. in the event we market any of our properties for sale, the value of those properties and our ability to sell at prices or on terms acceptable to us could be adversely affected by a downturn in the real estate industry or any economic weakness in the seniors housing and healthcare industries. in addition, transfers of healthcare properties may be subject to regulatory approvals that are not required for transfers of other types of commercial properties. we cannot assure you that we will recognize the full value of any property that we sell for liquidity or other reasons, and the inability to respond quickly to changes in the performance of our investments could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.
our operating assets expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could adversely affect our ability to generate revenues or increase our costs and could have a material adverse effect on us.
our senior living operating assets and mobs expose us to various operational risks, liabilities and claims that could increase our costs or adversely affect our ability to generate revenues, thereby reducing our profitability. these operational risks include fluctuations in occupancy levels, the inability to achieve economic resident fees (including anticipated increases in those fees), increases in the cost of food, materials, energy, labor (as a result of unionization or otherwise) or other services, rent control regulations, national and regional economic conditions, the imposition of new or increased taxes, capital expenditure requirements, professional and general liability claims, and the availability and cost of professional and general liability
27
insurance. any one or a combination of these factors could result in operating deficiencies in our senior living operations or mob operations reportable business segments, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
our ownership of properties outside the united states exposes us to different risks than those associated with our domestic properties.
our current or future ownership of properties outside the united states subjects us to risks that may be different or greater than those we face with our domestic properties. these risks include, but are not limited to:
•   challenges with respect to repatriation of foreign earnings and cash;
•   foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries in which we own properties;
•   regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability;
•   challenges of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including those relating to real estate, corporate governance, operations, taxes, employment and legal proceedings;
•   differences in lending practices and the willingness of domestic or foreign lenders to provide financing; and
•   failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations in the united states that affect foreign operations, including, but not limited to, the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act.
increased construction and development in the markets in which our seniors housing communities and mobs are located could adversely affect our future occupancy rates, operating margins and profitability.
limited barriers to entry in the seniors housing and mob industries could lead to the development of new seniors housing communities or mobs that outpaces demand. in particular, data published by the national investment center for seniors housing & care has indicated that seniors housing construction starts have been increasing and deliveries on seniors housing communities will accelerate in 2016, especially in certain geographic markets. if development outpaces demand for those assets in the markets in which our properties are located, those markets may become saturated and we could experience decreased occupancy, reduced operating margins and lower profitability, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
we have now, and may have in the future, exposure to contingent rent escalators, which could hinder our growth and profitability.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues from leasing properties pursuant to long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates, subject to annual escalations. in certain cases, the annual escalations are contingent upon the achievement of specified revenue parameters or based on changes in cpi, with caps and floors. if, as a result of weak economic conditions or other factors, the properties subject to these leases do not generate sufficient revenue to achieve the specified rent escalation parameters or cpi does not increase, our growth and profitability may be hindered. if strong economic conditions result in significant increases in cpi, but the escalations under our leases are capped, our growth and profitability also may be limited.
we own certain properties subject to ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements that limit our uses of the properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer the properties and expose us to loss of the properties if such agreements are breached by us or terminated.
our investments in mobs and other properties may be made through leasehold interests in the land on which the buildings are located, leases of air rights for the space above the land on which the buildings are located, or other similar restrictive arrangements. many of these ground lease, air rights and other restrictive agreements impose significant limitations on our uses of the subject properties, restrict our ability to sell or otherwise transfer our interests in the properties or restrict the leasing of the properties. these restrictions may limit our ability to timely sell or exchange the properties, impair the properties' value or negatively impact our ability to find suitable tenants for the properties. in addition, we could lose our interests in the subject properties if the ground lease, air rights or other restrictive agreements are breached by us or terminated.
we may be unable to successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our loans and other investments, and even if we are successful in our foreclosure efforts, we may be unable to successfully sell any acquired equity interests or reposition any acquired properties, which could adversely affect our ability to recover our investments.
if a borrower defaults under mortgage or other secured loans for which we are the lender, we may attempt to foreclose on the collateral securing those loans, including by acquiring any pledged equity interests or acquiring title to the subject properties, to protect our investment. in response, the defaulting borrower may contest our enforcement of foreclosure or other available remedies, seek bankruptcy protection against our exercise of enforcement or other available remedies, or bring claims against us for lender liability. if a defaulting borrower seeks bankruptcy protection, the automatic stay provisions of the u.s.
28
bankruptcy code would preclude us from enforcing foreclosure or other available remedies against the borrower unless relief is first obtained from the court with jurisdiction over the bankruptcy case. in addition, we may be subject to intercreditor or tri-party agreements that delay, impact, govern or limit our ability to foreclose on a lien securing a loan or otherwise delay or limit our pursuit of our rights and remedies. any such delay or limit on our ability to pursue our rights or remedies could have a material adverse effect on us.
even if we successfully foreclose on the collateral securing our mortgage loans and other investments, costs related to enforcement of our remedies, high loan-to-value ratios or declines in the value of the collateral could prevent us from realizing the full amount of our secured loans, and we could be required to record a valuation allowance for such losses. moreover, the collateral may include equity interests that we are unable to sell due to securities law restrictions or otherwise, or properties that we are unable to reposition with new tenants or operators on a timely basis, if at all, or without making improvements or repairs. any delay or costs incurred in selling or repositioning acquired collateral could adversely affect our ability to recover our investments.
some of our loan investments are subordinated to loans held by third parties.
our mezzanine loan investments are subordinated to senior secured loans held by other investors that encumber the same real estate. if a senior secured loan is foreclosed, that foreclosure would extinguish our rights in the collateral for our mezzanine loan. in order to protect our economic interest in that collateral, we would need to be prepared, on an expedited basis, to advance funds to the senior lenders in order to cure defaults under the senior secured loans and prevent such a foreclosure. if a senior secured loan has matured or has been accelerated, then in order to protect our economic interest in the collateral, we would need to be prepared, on an expedited basis, to purchase or pay off that senior secured loan, which could require an infusion of fresh capital as large or larger than our initial investment. our ability to sell or syndicate a mezzanine loan could be limited by transfer restrictions in the intercreditor agreement with the senior secured lenders. our ability to negotiate modifications to the mezzanine loan documents with our borrowers could be limited by restrictions on modifications in the intercreditor agreement. since mezzanine loans are typically secured by pledges of equity rather than direct liens on real estate, our mezzanine loan investments are more vulnerable than our mortgage loan investments to losses caused by competing creditor claims, unauthorized transfers, or bankruptcies.
our tenants, operators and managers may be adversely affected by healthcare regulation and enforcement.
regulation of the long-term healthcare industry generally has intensified over time both in the number and type of regulations and in the efforts to enforce those regulations. this is particularly true for large for-profit, multi-facility providers like atria, sunrise, brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent. federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the healthcare industry include those relating to, among other things, licensure, conduct of operations, ownership of facilities, addition of facilities and equipment, allowable costs, services, prices for services, qualified beneficiaries, quality of care, patient rights, fraudulent or abusive behavior, and financial and other arrangements that may be entered into by healthcare providers. in addition, changes in enforcement policies by federal and state governments have resulted in an increase in the number of inspections, citations of regulatory deficiencies and other regulatory sanctions, including terminations from the medicare and medicaid programs, bars on medicare and medicaid payments for new admissions, civil monetary penalties and even criminal penalties. see "governmental regulation-healthcare regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. we are unable to predict the scope of future federal, state and local regulations and legislation, including the medicare and medicaid statutes and regulations, or the intensity of enforcement efforts with respect to such regulations and legislation, and any changes in the regulatory framework could have a material adverse effect on our tenants, operators and managers, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
if our tenants, operators and managers fail to comply with the extensive laws, regulations and other requirements applicable to their businesses and the operation of our properties, they could become ineligible to receive reimbursement from governmental and private third-party payor programs, face bans on admissions of new patients or residents, suffer civil or criminal penalties or be required to make significant changes to their operations. our tenants, operators and managers also could face increased costs related to healthcare regulation, such as the affordable care act, or be forced to expend considerable resources in responding to an investigation or other enforcement action under applicable laws or regulations. in such event, the results of operations and financial condition of our tenants, operators and managers and the results of operations of our properties operated or managed by those entities could be adversely affected, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
29
changes in the reimbursement rates or methods of payment from third-party payors, including insurance companies and the medicare and medicaid programs, could have a material adverse effect on certain of our tenants and operators and on us.
certain of our tenants and operators rely on reimbursement from third-party payors, including the medicare (both traditional medicare and "managed" medicare/medicare advantage) and medicaid programs, for substantially all of their revenues. federal and state legislators and regulators have adopted or proposed various cost-containment measures that would limit payments to healthcare providers, and budget crises and financial shortfalls have caused states to implement or consider medicaid rate freezes or cuts. see "governmental regulation-healthcare regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. private third-party payors also have continued their efforts to control healthcare costs. we cannot assure you that our tenants and operators who currently depend on governmental or private payor reimbursement will be adequately reimbursed for the services they provide. significant limits by governmental and private third-party payors on the scope of services reimbursed or on reimbursement rates and fees, whether from legislation, administrative actions or private payor efforts, could have a material adverse effect on the liquidity, financial condition and results of operations of certain of our tenants and operators, which could affect adversely their ability to comply with the terms of our leases and have a material adverse effect on us.
the healthcare industry trend away from a traditional fee for service reimbursement model towards value-based payment approaches may negatively impact certain of our tenants' revenues and profitability certain of our tenants, specifically those providers in the post-acute and general acute care hospital space, are subject to the broad trend in the healthcare industry toward value-based purchasing of healthcare services. these value-based purchasing programs include both public reporting of quality data and preventable adverse events tied to the quality and efficiency of care provided by facilities. medicare and medicaid require healthcare facilities, including hospitals and skilled nursing facilities, to report certain quality data to receive full reimbursement updates. in addition medicare does not reimburse for care related to certain preventable adverse events (also called "never events"). many large commercial payors currently require healthcare facilities to report quality data, and several commercial payors do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events.
recently, hhs indicated that it is particularly focused on tying medicare payments to quality or value through alternative payment models, which generally aim to make providers attentive to the total costs of treatment. examples of alternative payment models include bundled-payment arrangements. it is unclear whether such models will successfully coordinate care and reduce costs or whether they will decrease reimbursement. the value-based purchasing trend is not limited to the public sector. several of the nation's largest commercial payors have also expressed an intent to increase reliance on value-based reimbursement arrangements. further, many large commercial payors require hospitals to report quality data, and several commercial payors do not reimburse hospitals for certain preventable adverse events.
we expect value-based purchasing programs, including programs that condition reimbursement on patient outcome measures, to become more common and to involve a higher percentage of reimbursement amounts. we are unable at this time to predict how this trend will affect the revenues and profitability of those of our tenants who are providers of healthcare services; however, if this trend significantly and adversely affects their profitability, it could in turn negatively affect their ability and willingness to comply with the terms of their leases with us and or renew those leases upon expiration, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
if controls imposed on certain of our tenants who provide healthcare services that are reimbursed by medicare, medicaid and other third-party payors to reduce admissions and length of stay affect inpatient volumes at our healthcare facilities, the financial condition or results of operations of those tenants could be adversely affected.
controls imposed by medicare, medicaid and commercial third-party payors designed to reduce admissions and lengths of stay, commonly referred to as "utilization reviews," have affected and are expected to continue to affect certain of our healthcare facilities, specifically our acute care hospitals and post-acute facilities. utilization review entails the review of the admission and course of treatment of a patient by managed care plans. inpatient utilization, average lengths of stay and occupancy rates continue to be negatively affected by payor-required preadmission authorization and utilization review and by payor pressures to maximize outpatient and alternative healthcare delivery services for less acutely ill patients. efforts to impose more stringent cost controls and reductions are expected to continue, which could negatively impact the financial condition of our tenants who provide healthcare services in our hospitals and post-acute facilities. if so, this could adversely affect these tenants' ability and willingness to comply with the terms of their leases with us and or renew those leases upon expiration, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
30
the implementation of new patient criteria for ltacs will change the basis upon which certain of our tenants are reimbursed by medicare, which could adversely affect those tenants' revenues and profitability.
as part of the pathway for sgr reform act of 2013 enacted on december 26, 2013, congress adopted various legislative changes impacting ltacs. these legislative changes create new medicare criteria and payment rules for ltacs, and could have a material adverse impact on the revenues and profitability of the tenants of our ltacs. this material adverse impact could, in turn, negatively affect those tenants' ability and willingness to comply with the terms of their leases with us or renew those leases upon expiration, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
the hospitals on or near whose campuses our mobs are located and their affiliated health systems could fail to remain competitive or financially viable, which could adversely impact their ability to attract physicians and physician groups to our mobs.
our mob operations depend on the competitiveness and financial viability of the hospitals on or near whose campuses our mobs are located and their ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients to our mobs. the viability of these hospitals, in turn, depends on factors such as the quality and mix of healthcare services provided, competition for patients, physicians and physician groups, demographic trends in the surrounding community, market position and growth potential, as well as the ability of the affiliated health systems to provide economies of scale and access to capital. if a hospital on or near whose campus one of our mobs is located fails or becomes unable to meet its financial obligations, and if an affiliated health system is unable to support that hospital, the hospital may be unable to compete successfully or could be forced to close or relocate, which could adversely impact its ability to attract physicians and other healthcare-related clients. because we rely on proximity to and affiliations with hospitals to create leasing demand in our mobs, a hospital's inability to remain competitive or financially viable, or to attract physicians and physician groups, could materially adversely affect our mob operations and have a material adverse effect on us.
our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken through our joint ventures, may not yield anticipated returns.
we consider and, when appropriate, invest in various development and redevelopment projects. in deciding whether to make an investment in a particular project, we make certain assumptions regarding the expected future performance of the property. our assumptions are subject to risks generally associated with development and redevelopment projects, including, among others, that:
•   we may be unable to obtain financing for the project on favorable terms or at all;
•   we may not complete the project on schedule or within budgeted amounts;
•   we may encounter delays in obtaining or fail to obtain all necessary zoning, land use, building, occupancy, environmental and other governmental permits and authorizations, or underestimate the costs necessary to develop or redevelop the property to market standards;
•   construction or other delays may provide tenants or residents the right to terminate preconstruction leases or cause us to incur additional costs;
•   volatility in the price of construction materials or labor may increase our project costs;
•   in the case of our mob developments, hospitals or health systems may maintain significant decision-making authority with respect to the development schedule;
•   our builders may fail to perform or satisfy the expectations of our clients or prospective clients;
•   we may incorrectly forecast risks associated with development in new geographic regions;
•   tenants may not lease space at the quantity or rental rate levels or on the schedule projected;
•   demand for our project may decrease prior to completion, including due to competition from other developments; and
•   lease rates and rents at newly developed or redeveloped properties may fluctuate based on factors beyond our control, including market and economic conditions.
if any of the risks described above occur, our development and redevelopment projects, including projects undertaken through our joint ventures, may not yield anticipated returns, which could have a material adverse effect on us.
31
our investments in joint ventures and unconsolidated entities could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on our joint venture partners' financial condition, any disputes that may arise between us and our joint venture partners, and our exposure to potential losses from the actions of our joint venture partners.
as of december 31, 2015, we owned 34 mobs, 15 seniors housing communities and one ltac through consolidated joint ventures, and we had ownership interests ranging between 5% and 25% in seven mobs, 20 seniors housing communities and 14 skilled nursing facilities through investments in unconsolidated entities. in addition, we had a 34% ownership interest in atria and a 9.9% interest in ardent as of december 31, 2015. these joint ventures and unconsolidated entities involve risks not present with respect to our wholly owned properties, including the following:
•   we may be unable to take actions that are opposed by our joint venture partners under arrangements that require us to share decision-making authority over major decisions affecting the ownership or operation of the joint venture and any property owned by the joint venture, such as the sale or financing of the property or the making of additional capital contributions for the benefit of the property;
•   for joint ventures in which we have a noncontrolling interest, our joint venture partners may take actions that we oppose;
•   our ability to sell or transfer our interest in a joint venture to a third party may be restricted if we fail to obtain the prior consent of our joint venture partners;
•   our joint venture partners may become bankrupt or fail to fund their share of required capital contributions, which could delay construction or development of a property or increase our financial commitment to the joint venture;
•   our joint venture partners may have business interests or goals with respect to a property that conflict with our business interests and goals, including with respect to the timing, terms and strategies for investment, which could increase the likelihood of disputes regarding the ownership, management or disposition of the property;
•   disagreements with our joint venture partners could result in litigation or arbitration that increases our expenses, distracts our officers and directors, and disrupts the day-to-day operations of the property, including by delaying important decisions until the dispute is resolved; and
•   we may suffer losses as a result of actions taken by our joint venture partners with respect to our joint venture investments.
events that adversely affect the ability of seniors and their families to afford daily resident fees at our seniors housing communities could cause our occupancy rates, resident fee revenues and results of operations to decline.
assisted and independent living services generally are not reimbursable under government reimbursement programs, such as medicare and medicaid. a large majority of the resident fee revenues generated by our senior living operations, therefore, are derived from private pay sources consisting of the income or assets of residents or their family members. in light of the significant expense associated with building new properties and staffing and other costs of providing services, typically only seniors with income or assets that meet or exceed the comparable region median can afford the daily resident and care fees at our seniors housing communities, and a weak economy, depressed housing market or changes in demographics could adversely affect their continued ability to do so. if the managers of our seniors housing communities are unable to attract and retain seniors that have sufficient income, assets or other resources to pay the fees associated with assisted and independent living services, the occupancy rates, resident fee revenues and results of operations of our senior living operations could decline, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
the amount and scope of insurance coverage provided by our policies and policies maintained by our tenants, operators and managers may not adequately insure against losses.
we maintain or require in our lease, management and other agreements that our tenants, operators and managers maintain all applicable lines of insurance on our properties and their operations. although we regularly review the amount and scope of insurance provided by our policies and required to be maintained by our tenants, operators and managers and believe the coverage provided to be customary for similarly situated companies in our industry, we cannot assure you that we or our tenants, operators and managers will continue to be able to maintain adequate levels of insurance. we also cannot assure you that we or our tenants, operators and managers will maintain the required coverages, that we will continue to require the same levels of insurance under our lease, management and other agreements, that such insurance will be available at a reasonable cost in the future or that the policies maintained will fully cover all losses on our properties upon the occurrence of a catastrophic event, nor can we make any guaranty as to the future financial viability of the insurers that underwrite our policies and the policies maintained by our tenants, operators and managers.
32
for various reasons, including to reduce and manage costs, many healthcare companies utilize different organizational and corporate structures coupled with self-insurance trusts or captive programs that may provide less insurance coverage than a traditional insurance policy. companies that insure any part of their general and professional liability risks through their own captive limited purpose entities generally estimate the future cost of general and professional liability through actuarial studies that rely primarily on historical data. however, due to the rise in the number and severity of professional claims against healthcare providers, these actuarial studies may underestimate the future cost of claims, and reserves for future claims may not be adequate to cover the actual cost of those claims. as a result, the tenants and operators of our properties who self-insure could incur large funded and unfunded general and professional liability expenses, which could materially adversely affect their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and, in turn, their ability to satisfy their obligations to us. if we or the managers of our senior living operations decide to implement a captive or self-insurance program, any large funded and unfunded general and professional liability expenses incurred could have a material adverse effect on us.
should an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insured limits occur, we could incur substantial liability or lose all or a portion of the capital we have invested in a property, as well as the anticipated future revenues from the property. following the occurrence of such an event, we might nevertheless remain obligated for any mortgage debt or other financial obligations related to the property. we cannot assure you that material uninsured losses, or losses in excess of insurance proceeds, will not occur in the future.
significant legal actions or regulatory proceedings could subject us or our tenants, operators and managers to increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities, which could materially adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we may be subject to claims brought against us in lawsuits and other legal or regulatory proceedings arising out of our alleged actions or the alleged actions of our tenants, operators and managers for which such tenants, operators and managers may have agreed to indemnify, defend and hold us harmless. an unfavorable resolution of any such litigation or proceeding could materially adversely affect our or their liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and have a material adverse effect on us.
in certain cases, we and our tenants, operators and managers may be subject to professional liability claims brought by plaintiffs' attorneys seeking significant punitive damages and attorneys' fees. due to the historically high frequency and severity of professional liability claims against seniors housing and healthcare providers, the availability of professional liability insurance has decreased and the premiums on such insurance coverage remain costly. as a result, insurance protection against such claims may not be sufficient to cover all claims against us or our tenants, operators or managers, and may not be available at a reasonable cost. if we or our tenants, operators and managers are unable to maintain adequate insurance coverage or are required to pay punitive damages, we or they may be exposed to substantial liabilities.
the occurrence of cyber incidents could disrupt our operations, result in the loss of confidential information and/or damage our business relationships and reputation.
as our reliance on technology has increased, our business is subject to greater risk from cyber incidents, including attempts to gain unauthorized access to our or our managers' systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data or steal confidential information, and other electronic security breaches. while we and our managers have implemented measures to help mitigate these threats, such measures cannot guarantee that we will be successful in preventing a cyber incident. the occurrence of a cyber incident could disrupt our operations, or the operations of our managers, compromise the confidential information of our employees or the residents in our seniors housing communities, and/or damage our business relationships and reputation.
reductions in federal government spending, tax reform initiatives or other federal legislation to address the federal government's projected operating deficit could have a material adverse effect on our operators' liquidity, financial condition or results of operations.
president obama and members of the u.s. congress have approved or proposed various spending cuts and tax reform initiatives that have resulted or could result in changes (including substantial reductions in funding) to medicare, medicaid or medicare advantage plans. any such existing or future federal legislation relating to deficit reduction that reduces reimbursement payments to healthcare providers could have a material adverse effect on certain of our operators' liquidity, financial condition or results of operations, which could adversely affect their ability to satisfy their obligations to us and could have a material adverse effect on us.
our operators may be sued under a federal whistleblower statute.
our operators who engage in business with the federal government may be sued under a federal whistleblower statute designed to combat fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry. see "governmental regulation-healthcare regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. these lawsuits can involve significant monetary damages and award
33
bounties to private plaintiffs who successfully bring these suits. if any of these lawsuits were brought against our operators, such suits combined with increased operating costs and substantial uninsured liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our operators' liquidity, financial condition and results of operations and on their ability to satisfy their obligations under our leases, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on us.
we could incur substantial liabilities and costs if any of our properties are found to be contaminated with hazardous substances or we become involved in any environmental disputes.
under federal and state environmental laws and regulations, a current or former owner of real property may be liable for costs related to the investigation, removal and remediation of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum that are released from or are present at or under, or that are disposed of in connection with such property. owners of real property may also face other environmental liabilities, including government fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities and damages for injuries to persons, property or natural resources. environmental laws and regulations often impose liability without regard to whether the owner was aware of, or was responsible for, the presence, release or disposal of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum. in certain circumstances, environmental liability may result from the activities of a current or former operator of the property. although we generally have indemnification rights against the current operators of our properties for contamination caused by them, such indemnification may not adequately cover all environmental costs. see "governmental regulation-environmental regulation" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
our success depends, in part, on our ability to attract and retain talented employees, and the loss of any one of our key personnel could adversely impact our business.
the success of our business depends, in part, on the leadership and performance of our executive management team and key employees, and our ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees could significantly impact our future performance. competition for these individuals is intense, and we cannot assure you that we will retain our key officers and employees or that we will be able to attract and retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. losing any one or more of these persons could have a material adverse effect on us.
failure to maintain effective internal controls could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.
pursuant to the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002, we are required to provide a report by management on internal control over financial reporting, including management's assessment of the effectiveness of such control. because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud, effective internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatement and can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting and our operating internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls as a result of changes to our business or otherwise, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely harmed and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations.
economic and other conditions that negatively affect geographic locations to which a greater percentage of our noi is attributed could adversely affect our financial results.
for the year ended december 31, 2015, approximately 37.7% of our total noi (excluding amounts in discontinued operations) was derived from properties located in california (14.7%), texas (6.7%), new york (6.0%), illinois (5.5%), and florida (4.8%). as a result, we are subject to increased exposure to adverse conditions affecting these regions, including downturns in the local economies or changes in local real estate conditions, increased construction and competition or decreased demand for our properties, regional climate events and changes in state-specific legislation, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.
we may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.
our ownership of properties in canada and the united kingdom currently subjects us to fluctuations in the exchange rates between u.s. dollars and canadian dollars or the british pound, which may, from time to time, impact our financial condition and results of operations. if we continue to expand our international presence through investments in, or acquisitions or development of, seniors housing or healthcare assets outside the united states, canada or the united kingdom, we may transact business in other foreign currencies. although we may pursue hedging alternatives, including borrowing in local currencies, to protect against foreign currency fluctuations, we cannot assure you that such fluctuations will not have a material adverse effect on us.
34
risks arising from our capital structure we may become more leveraged.
as of december 31, 2015, we had approximately $11.2 billion of outstanding indebtedness. the instruments governing our existing indebtedness permit us to incur substantial additional debt, including secured debt, and we may satisfy our capital and liquidity needs through additional borrowings. a high level of indebtedness would require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, thereby reducing the funds available to implement our business strategy and make distributions to stockholders. a high level of indebtedness could also have the following consequences:
•   potential limits on our ability to adjust rapidly to changing market conditions and vulnerability in the event of a downturn in general economic conditions or in the real estate or healthcare industries;
•   potential impairment of our ability to obtain additional financing to execute on our business strategy; and
•   potential downgrade in the rating of our debt securities by one or more rating agencies, which could have the effect of, among other things, limiting our access to capital and increasing our cost of borrowing.
in addition, from time to time, we mortgage certain of our properties to secure payment of indebtedness. if we are unable to meet our mortgage payments, then the encumbered properties could be foreclosed upon or transferred to the mortgagee with a resulting loss of income and asset value.
we are exposed to increases in interest rates, which could reduce our profitability and adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets or engage in acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity, and our decision to hedge against interest rate risk might not be effective.
we receive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases that generally provide for fixed rental rates subject to annual escalations, while certain of our debt obligations are floating rate obligations with interest and related payments that vary with the movement of libor, bankers' acceptance or other indexes. the generally fixed rate nature of a significant portion of our revenues and the variable rate nature of certain of our debt obligations create interest rate risk. although our operating assets provide a partial hedge against interest rate fluctuations, if interest rates rise, the costs of our existing floating rate debt and any new debt that we incur would increase. these increased costs could reduce our profitability, impair our ability to meet our debt obligations, or increase the cost of financing our acquisition, investment, development and redevelopment activity. an increase in interest rates also could limit our ability to refinance existing debt upon maturity or cause us to pay higher rates upon refinancing, as well as decrease the amount that third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to promptly reposition our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions.
we may seek to manage our exposure to interest rate volatility with hedging arrangements that involve additional risks, including the risks that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations under these arrangements, that these arrangements may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes, that the amount of income we earn from hedging transactions may be limited by federal tax provisions governing reits, and that these arrangements may cause us to pay higher interest rates on our debt obligations than otherwise would be the case. moreover, no amount of hedging activity can fully insulate us from the risks associated with changes in interest rates. failure to hedge effectively against interest rate risk, if we choose to engage in such activities, could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy.
we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise the capital necessary to meet our debt service obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy, if our cash flow from operations is insufficient to satisfy these needs, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on us. although we believe that we have sufficient access to capital and other sources of funding to meet our expected liquidity needs, we cannot assure you that conditions in the capital markets will not deteriorate or that our access to capital and other sources of funding will not become constrained, which could adversely affect the availability and terms of future borrowings, renewals or refinancings and our results of operation and financial condition. if we cannot access capital at an acceptable cost or at all, we may be required to liquidate one or more investments in properties at times that may not permit us to maximize the return on those investments or that could result in adverse tax consequences to us.
as a public company, our access to debt and equity capital depends, in part, on the trading prices of our senior notes and common stock, which, in turn, depend upon market conditions that change from time to time, such as the market's perception
35
of our financial condition, our growth potential and our current and expected future earnings and cash distributions. our failure to meet the market's expectation with regard to future earnings and cash distributions or a significant downgrade in the ratings assigned to our long-term debt could impact our ability to access capital or increase our borrowing costs. we also rely on the financial institutions that are parties to our unsecured revolving credit facility. if these institutions become capital constrained, tighten their lending standards or become insolvent or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from other borrowers within a short period of time, they may be unable or unwilling to honor their funding commitments to us, which would adversely affect our ability to draw on our unsecured revolving credit facility and, over time, could negatively impact our ability to consummate acquisitions, repay indebtedness as it matures, fund capital expenditures or make distributions to our stockholders.
covenants in the instruments governing our existing indebtedness limit our operational flexibility, and a covenant breach could materially adversely affect our operations.
the terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness require us to comply with certain customary financial and other covenants, such as maintaining debt service coverage, leverage ratios and minimum net worth requirements. our continued ability to incur additional debt and to conduct business in general is subject to our compliance with these covenants, which limit our operational flexibility. breaches of these covenants could result in defaults under the applicable debt instruments and could trigger defaults under any of our other indebtedness that is cross-defaulted against such instruments, even if we satisfy our payment obligations. financial and other covenants that limit our operational flexibility, as well as defaults resulting from our breach of any of these covenants, could have a material adverse effect on us.
risks arising from our status as a reit loss of our status as a reit would have significant adverse consequences for us and the value of our common stock.
if we lose our status as a reit (currently or with respect to any tax years for which the statute of limitations has not expired), we will face serious tax consequences that will substantially reduce the funds available to satisfy our obligations, to implement our business strategy and to make distributions to our stockholders for each of the years involved because:
•   we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates;
•   we could be subject to the federal alternative minimum tax and increased state and local taxes; and
•   unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be subject to tax as a reit for four taxable years following the year during which we were disqualified.
in addition, in such event we would no longer be required to pay dividends to maintain reit status, which could adversely affect the value of our common stock.
qualification as a reit involves the application of highly technical and complex code provisions for which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations. the determination of factual matters and circumstances not entirely within our control, as well as new legislation, regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions, may adversely affect our investors or our ability to remain qualified as a reit for tax purposes. although we believe that we currently qualify as a reit, we cannot assure you that we will continue to qualify for all future periods.
the 90% distribution requirement will decrease our liquidity and may limit our ability to engage in otherwise beneficial transactions.
to comply with the 90% distribution requirement applicable to reits and to avoid the nondeductible excise tax, we must make distributions to our stockholders. see "certain u.s. federal income tax considerations-requirements for qualification as a reit-annual distribution requirements" included in item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k. such distributions reduce the funds we have available to finance our investment, acquisition, development and redevelopment activity and may limit our ability to engage in transactions that are otherwise in the best interests of our stockholders.
although we do not anticipate any inability to satisfy the reit distribution requirement, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash or other liquid assets to do so. for example, timing differences between the actual receipt of income and actual payment of deductible expenses, on the one hand, and the inclusion of that income and deduction of those expenses in arriving at our taxable income, on the other hand, or non-deductible expenses such as principal amortization or repayments or capital expenditures in excess of non-cash deductions may prevent us from having sufficient cash or liquid assets to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement.
in the event that timing differences occur or we decide to retain cash or to distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation, we may seek to borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable
36
stock dividends, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements. any of these actions may require us to raise additional capital to meet our obligations; however, see "-risks arising from our capital structure-limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy." the terms of the instruments governing our existing indebtedness restrict our ability to engage in certain of these transactions.
to preserve our qualification as a reit, our certificate of incorporation contains ownership limits with respect to our capital stock that may delay, defer or prevent a change of control of our company.
to assist us in preserving our qualification as a reit, our certificate of incorporation provides that if a person acquires beneficial ownership of more than 9.0% of our outstanding common stock or more than 9.9% of our outstanding preferred stock, the shares that are beneficially owned in excess of the applicable limit are considered "excess shares" and are automatically deemed transferred to a trust for the benefit of a charitable institution or other qualifying organization selected by our board of directors. the trust is entitled to all dividends with respect to the excess shares and the trustee may exercise all voting power over the excess shares. in addition, we have the right to purchase the excess shares for a price equal to the lesser of (i) the price per share in the transaction that created the excess shares or (ii) the market price on the day we purchase the shares, but if we do not purchase the excess shares, the trustee of the trust is required to transfer the shares at the direction of our board of directors. these ownership limits could delay, defer or prevent a transaction or a change of control that might involve a premium price for our common stock or might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders.
item 7.    management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion provides information that management believes is relevant to an understanding and assessment of the consolidated financial condition and results of operations of ventas, inc. (together with its subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or except where the context otherwise requires, "we," "us" or "our"). you should read this discussion in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k, as it will help you understand:
•   our company and the environment in which we operate;
•   our 2015 highlights and other recent developments;
•   our critical accounting policies and estimates;
•   our results of operations for the last three years;
•   how we manage our assets and liabilities;
•   our liquidity and capital resources;
•   our cash flows; and
•   our future contractual obligations.
corporate and operating environment we are a real estate investment trust ("reit") with a highly diversified portfolio of seniors housing and healthcare properties located throughout the united states, canada and the united kingdom. as of december 31, 2015, we owned approximately 1,300 properties (including properties classified as held for sale), consisting of seniors housing communities,
43
medical office buildings ("mobs"), skilled nursing facilities, specialty hospitals and general acute care hospitals, and we had four properties under development. we are an s&p 500 company and currently headquartered in chicago, illinois.
we primarily invest in seniors housing and healthcare properties through acquisitions and lease our properties to unaffiliated tenants or operate them through independent third-party managers. as of december 31, 2015, we leased a total of 607 properties (excluding mobs and properties classified as held for sale) to various healthcare operating companies under "triple-net" or "absolute-net" leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses, including maintenance, utilities, repairs, taxes, insurance and capital expenditures, and we engaged independent operators, such as atria senior living, inc. ("atria") and sunrise senior living, llc (together with its subsidiaries, "sunrise"), to manage 304 of our seniors housing communities (excluding properties classified as held for sale) for us pursuant to long-term management agreements. our three largest tenants, brookdale senior living inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "brookdale senior living"), kindred healthcare, inc. (together with its subsidiaries, "kindred") and ardent health partners, llc (together with its subsidiaries, "ardent"), leased from us 140 properties (excluding six properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities and one property managed by brookdale senior living pursuant to a long-term management agreement), 76 properties and ten properties, respectively, as of december 31, 2015.
through our lillibridge healthcare services, inc. ("lillibridge") subsidiary and our ownership interest in pmb real estate services llc ("pmbres"), we also provide mob management, leasing, marketing, facility development and advisory services to highly rated hospitals and health systems throughout the united states. in addition, from time to time, we make secured and non-mortgage loans and other investments relating to seniors housing and healthcare operators or properties.
we conduct our operations through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties; senior living operations; and mob operations. see "note 20-segment information" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
as of december 31, 2015, our consolidated portfolio included 100% ownership interests in 1,190 properties and controlling joint venture interests in 50 properties, and we had non-controlling ownership interests in 41 properties through investments in unconsolidated entities. through lillibridge and pmbres, we provided management and leasing services to third parties with respect to 79 mobs as of december 31, 2015.
we aim to enhance shareholder value by delivering consistent, superior total returns through a strategy of: (1) generating reliable and growing cash flows; (2) maintaining a balanced, diversified portfolio of high-quality assets; and (3) preserving our financial strength, flexibility and liquidity.
our ability to access capital in a timely and cost-effective manner is critical to the success of our business strategy because it affects our ability to satisfy existing obligations, including the repayment of maturing indebtedness, and to make future investments. factors such as general market conditions, interest rates, credit ratings on our securities, expectations of our potential future earnings and cash distributions, and the trading price of our common stock that are beyond our control and fluctuate over time all impact our access to and cost of external capital. for that reason, we generally attempt to match the long-term duration of our investments in real property with long-term financing through the issuance of shares of our common stock or the incurrence of long-term fixed rate debt. at december 31, 2015, 19.3% of our consolidated debt (excluding debt related to properties classified as held for sale) was variable rate debt.
2015 highlights and other recent developments investments and dispositions
•   in january 2015, we acquired american realty capital healthcare trust, inc. ("hct") in a stock and cash transaction, which added 152 properties to our portfolio. we funded the transaction through the issuance of approximately 28.4 million shares of our common stock at $78.00 per share and 1.1 million limited partnership units.
•   on august 4, 2015, we completed our acquisition of ardent medical services, inc. ("ahs") and simultaneous separation and sale of the ardent hospital operating company (ardent health partners, llc, together with its subsidiaries "ardent") to a consortium composed of an entity controlled by equity group investments, ardent's management team and us. as of the acquisition date, we recorded the estimated fair value of our investment in owned hospital and other real estate of approximately $1.3 billion.. at closing, we paid $26.3 million for our 9.9% interest in ardent, which represents our estimate of the acquisition date fair value of this interest. upon closing, we entered into a long-term triple-net master lease with ardent to operate hospitals and other real estate we acquired.
•   during 2015, we made other investments totaling approximately $611.7 million, including the acquisition of eleven triple-net leased properties; eleven mobs; and 12 skilled nursing facilities (all of which were disposed of as part of the ccp spin-off (as defined below)).
44
•   during 2015, we sold 39 triple-net leased properties and 26 mobs for aggregate consideration of $541.0 million, including a $6.0 million lease termination fee.
•   during 2015, we received aggregate proceeds of $173.8 million in final repayment of loans receivable and sales of bonds we held, and recognized gains aggregating $7.7 million.
capital and dividends
•   in january 2015, we issued and sold 3,750,202 shares of common stock under our previous "at-the-market" ("atm") equity offering program for aggregate net proceeds of $285.4 million, after sales agent commissions of $4.4 million. through the remainder of 2015 and in the first quarter of 2016 we have issued and sold a total of 5,084,302 shares of our common stock under our atm equity offering program for aggregate net proceeds of $297.0 million, after sales agent commissions of $4.5 million.
•   in january 2015, we issued and sold $1.1 billion of senior notes with a weighted average interest rate below 3.7% and a weighted average maturity of 15 years. the issuances were composed of $900 million aggregate principal amount of usd senior notes and cad notes of 250 million.
•   in july 2015, we issued and sold $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2026 at a public offering price equal to 99.218% of par, for total proceeds of $496.1 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
•   in august 2015, we completed a $900 million five year term loan having a variable interest rate of libor plus 1.0 basis points (the "ardent term loan"). the term loan matures in 2020.
•   in 2015, we repaid $305.0 million of our unsecured term loan due 2019 and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $1.6 million representing a write-off of the then unamortized deferred financing fees. also, in may 2015, we repaid in full, at par, $234.4 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 6% senior notes due 2015.
•   in 2015, we paid an annual cash dividend on our common stock of $3.04 per share. on august 17, 2015, we also distributed a stock dividend of one care capital properties, inc. ("ccp") common share for every four shares of ventas common stock held as of the distribution record date of august 10, 2015. the stock dividend was valued at $8.51 per ventas share based on the opening price of ccp stock on its first day of regular-way trading on the new york stock exchange.
•   in february 2016, we entered into a $200 million notional amount interest rate swap with a maturity of august 3, 2020 that effectively converts libor-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt, setting libor at 1.132% through the maturity date of the swap. the maturity date of the ardent term loan is also august 3, 2020.
spin-off
•   in august 2015, we completed the spin off of most of our post-acute/skilled nursing facility portfolio into an independent, publicly traded reit named care capital properties, inc. (the "ccp spin-off"). the historical results of operations of the ccp properties as well as the related assets and liabilities are presented as discontinued operations for all periods presented in this annual report on form 10-k.
critical accounting policies and estimates our consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k have been prepared in accordance with u.s. generally accepted accounting principles ("gaap") set forth in the accounting standards codification ("asc"), as published by the financial accounting standards board ("fasb"). gaap requires us to make estimates and assumptions regarding future events that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. we base these estimates on our experience and assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. however, if our judgment or interpretation of the facts and circumstances relating to various transactions or other matters had been different, we may have applied a different accounting treatment, resulting in a different presentation of our financial statements. we periodically reevaluate our estimates and assumptions, and in the event they prove to be different from actual results, we make adjustments in subsequent periods to reflect more current estimates and assumptions about matters that are inherently uncertain. we believe that the critical accounting policies described below, among others, affect our more significant
45
estimates and judgments used in the preparation of our financial statements. for more information regarding our critical accounting policies, see "note 2-accounting policies" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
principles of consolidation the consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k include our accounts and the accounts of our wholly owned subsidiaries and the joint venture entities over which we exercise control. all intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation, and our net earnings are reduced by the portion of net earnings attributable to noncontrolling interests.
gaap requires us to identify entities for which control is achieved through means other than voting rights and to determine which business enterprise is the primary beneficiary of variable interest entities ("vies"). a vie is broadly defined as an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a) the total equity investment at risk is insufficient to finance the entity's activities without additional subordinated financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack (i) the ability to make decisions about the entity's activities through voting or similar rights, (ii) the obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity, or (iii) the right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity; and (c) the equity investors have voting rights that are not proportional to their economic interests, and substantially all of the entity's activities either involve, or are conducted on behalf of, an investor that has disproportionately few voting rights. we consolidate our investment in a vie when we determine that we are its primary beneficiary. we may change our original assessment of a vie upon subsequent events such as the modification of contractual arrangements that affects the characteristics or adequacy of the entity's equity investments at risk and the disposition of all or a portion of an interest held by the primary beneficiary.
we identify the primary beneficiary of a vie as the enterprise that has both: (i) the power to direct the activities of the vie that most significantly impact the entity's economic performance; and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the vie that could be significant to the entity. we perform this analysis on an ongoing basis.
as it relates to investments in joint ventures, gaap may preclude consolidation by the sole general partner in certain circumstances based on the type of rights held by the limited partner(s). we assess limited partners' rights and their impact on the presumption of control of the limited partnership by the sole general partner when an investor becomes the sole general partner, and we perform a reassessment when there is a change to the terms or in the exercisability of the rights of the limited partners, the sole general partner increases or decreases its ownership of limited partnership interests, or there is an increase or decrease in the number of outstanding limited partnership interests. we also apply this guidance to managing member interests in limited liability companies.
business combinations we account for acquisitions using the acquisition method and record the cost of the businesses acquired among tangible and recognized intangible assets and liabilities based upon their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. recognized intangibles primarily include the value of in-place leases, acquired lease contracts, tenant and customer relationships, trade names/trademarks and goodwill. we do not amortize goodwill, which represents the excess of the purchase price paid over the fair value of the net assets of the acquired business and is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
our method for recording the purchase price to acquired investments in real estate requires us to make subjective assessments for determining fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. this includes determining the value of the buildings, land and improvements, construction in progress, ground leases, tenant improvements, in-place leases, above and/or below market leases, purchase option intangible assets and/or liabilities, and any debt assumed. these estimates require significant judgment and in some cases involve complex calculations. these assessments directly impact our results of operations, as amounts estimated for certain assets and liabilities have different depreciation or amortization lives. in addition, we amortize the value assigned to above and/or below market leases as a component of revenue, unlike in-place leases and other intangibles, which we include in depreciation and amortization in our consolidated statements of income.
we estimate the fair value of buildings acquired on an as-if-vacant basis, or replacement cost basis, and depreciate the building value over the estimated remaining life of the building, generally not to exceed 35 years. we determine the fair value of other fixed assets, such as site improvements and furniture, fixtures and equipment, based upon the replacement cost and depreciate such value over the assets' estimated remaining useful lives as determined at the applicable acquisition date. we determine the value of land either by considering the sales prices of similar properties in recent transactions or based on internal analysis of recently acquired and existing comparable properties within our portfolio. we generally determine the value of construction in progress based upon the replacement cost. however, for certain acquired properties that are part of a ground-up development, we determine fair value by using the same valuation approach as for all other properties and deducting the estimated cost to complete the development. during the remaining construction period, we capitalize interest expense until the
46
development has reached substantial completion. construction in progress, including capitalized interest, is not depreciated until the development has reached substantial completion.
the fair value of acquired lease-related intangibles, if any, reflects: (i) the estimated value of any above and/or below market leases, determined by discounting the difference between the estimated market rent and in-place lease rent; and (ii) the estimated value of in-place leases related to the cost to obtain tenants, including leasing commissions, and an estimated value of the absorption period to reflect the value of the rent and recovery costs foregone during a reasonable lease-up period as if the acquired space was vacant. we amortize any acquired lease-related intangibles to revenue or amortization expense over the remaining life of the associated lease plus any assumed bargain renewal periods. if a lease is terminated prior to its stated expiration or not renewed upon expiration, we recognize all unamortized lease-related intangibles associated with that lease in operations at that time.
we estimate the fair value of purchase option intangible assets and liabilities by discounting the difference between the applicable property's acquisition date fair value and an estimate of its future option price. we do not amortize the resulting intangible asset or liability over the term of the lease, but rather adjust the recognized value of the asset or liability upon sale.
we estimate the fair value of tenant or other customer relationships acquired, if any, by considering the nature and extent of existing business relationships with the tenant or customer, growth prospects for developing new business with the tenant or customer, the tenant's credit quality, expectations of lease renewals with the tenant, and the potential for significant, additional future leasing arrangements with the tenant, and we amortize that value over the expected life of the associated arrangements or leases, including the remaining terms of the related leases and any expected renewal periods. we estimate the fair value of trade names and trademarks using a royalty rate methodology and amortize that value over the estimated useful life of the trade name or trademark.
in connection with a business combination, we may assume rights and obligations under certain lease agreements pursuant to which we become the lessee of a given property. we assume the lease classification previously determined by the prior lessee absent a modification in the assumed lease agreement. we assess assumed operating leases, including ground leases, to determine whether the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable to us given current market conditions on the acquisition date. to the extent the lease terms are favorable or unfavorable relative to market conditions on the acquisition date, we recognize an intangible asset or liability, as applicable, at fair value and amortize that asset or liability (excluding purchase option intangibles) to interest or rental expense in our consolidated statements of income over the applicable lease term. we include all lease-related intangible assets and liabilities within acquired lease intangibles and accounts payable and other liabilities, respectively, on our consolidated balance sheets.
we determine the fair value of loans receivable acquired in connection with a business combination by discounting the estimated future cash flows using current interest rates at which similar loans on the same terms with the same length to maturity would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings. we do not establish a valuation allowance at the acquisition date because the estimated future cash flows already reflect our judgment regarding their uncertainty. we recognize the difference between the acquisition date fair value and the total expected cash flows as interest income using an effective interest method over the life of the applicable loan. subsequent to the acquisition date, we evaluate changes regarding the uncertainty of future cash flows and the need for a valuation allowance, as appropriate.
we estimate the fair value of noncontrolling interests assumed consistent with the manner in which we value all of the underlying assets and liabilities.
we base the initial carrying value of investments in unconsolidated entities on the fair value of the assets at the time we acquired the joint venture interest. we estimate fair values for our equity method investments based on discounted cash flow models that include all estimated cash inflows and outflows over a specified holding period and, where applicable, any estimated debt premiums or discounts. the capitalization rates, discount rates and credit spreads we use in these models are based upon assumptions that we believe to be within a reasonable range of current market rates for the respective investments.
we generally amortize any difference between our cost basis and the basis reflected at the joint venture level over the lives of the related assets and liabilities and include that amortization in our share of income or loss from unconsolidated entities. for earnings of equity method investments with pro rata distribution allocations, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on their respective stated ownership percentages. in other instances, net income or loss is allocated between the partners in the joint venture based on the hypothetical liquidation at book value method.
we calculate the fair value of long-term debt by discounting the remaining contractual cash flows on each instrument at the current market rate for those borrowings, which we approximate based on the rate at which we would expect to incur a replacement instrument on the date of acquisition, and recognize any fair value adjustments related to long-term debt as effective yield adjustments over the remaining term of the instrument.
47
impairment of long-lived and intangible assets we periodically evaluate our long-lived assets, primarily consisting of investments in real estate, for impairment indicators. if indicators of impairment are present, we evaluate the carrying value of the related real estate investments in relation to the future undiscounted cash flows of the underlying operations. in performing this evaluation, we consider market conditions and our current intentions with respect to holding or disposing of the asset. we adjust the net book value of leased properties and other long-lived assets to fair value if the sum of the expected future undiscounted cash flows, including sales proceeds, is less than book value. we recognize an impairment loss at the time we make any such determination.
if impairment indicators arise with respect to intangible assets with finite useful lives, we evaluate impairment by comparing the carrying amount of the asset to the estimated future undiscounted net cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. if estimated future undiscounted net cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, then we estimate the fair value of the asset and compare the estimated fair value to the intangible asset's carrying value. we recognize any shortfall from carrying value as an impairment loss in the current period.
we evaluate our investments in unconsolidated entities for impairment at least annually, and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of our investment may exceed its fair value. if we determine that a decline in the fair value of our investment in an unconsolidated entity is other-than-temporary, and if such reduced fair value is below the carrying value, we record an impairment.
we test goodwill for impairment at least annually, and more frequently if indicators arise. we first assess qualitative factors, such as current macroeconomic conditions, state of the equity and capital markets and our overall financial and operating performance, to determine the likelihood that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. if we determine it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount, we proceed with the two-step approach to evaluating impairment. first, we estimate the fair value of the reporting unit and compare it to the reporting unit's carrying value. if the carrying value exceeds fair value, we proceed with the second step, which requires us to assign the fair value of the reporting unit to all of the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit as if it had been acquired in a business combination at the date of the impairment test. the excess fair value of the reporting unit over the amounts assigned to the assets and liabilities is the implied value of goodwill and is used to determine the amount of impairment. we recognize an impairment loss to the extent the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied value in the current period.
estimates of fair value used in our evaluation of goodwill (if necessary based on our qualitative assessment), investments in real estate, investments in unconsolidated entities and intangible assets are based upon discounted future cash flow projections or other acceptable valuation techniques that are based, in turn, upon all available evidence including level three inputs, such as revenue and expense growth rates, estimates of future cash flows, capitalization rates, discount rates, general economic conditions and trends, or other available market data. our ability to accurately predict future operating results and cash flows and to estimate and allocate fair values impacts the timing and recognition of impairments. while we believe our assumptions are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on our financial results.
loans receivable we record loans receivable, other than those acquired in connection with a business combination, on our consolidated balance sheets (either in secured loans receivable and investments, net or other assets, in the case of non-mortgage loans receivable) at the unpaid principal balance, net of any deferred origination fees, purchase discounts or premiums and valuation allowances. we amortize net deferred origination fees, which are comprised of loan fees collected from the borrower net of certain direct costs, and purchase discounts or premiums over the contractual life of the loan using the effective interest method and immediately recognize in income any unamortized balances if the loan is repaid before its contractual maturity.
we regularly evaluate the collectibility of loans receivable based on factors such as corporate and facility-level financial and operational reports, compliance with financial covenants set forth in the applicable loan agreement, the financial strength of the borrower and any guarantor, the payment history of the borrower and current economic conditions. if our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due under the terms of the applicable loan agreement, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be collected.
fair value fair value is a market-based measurement, not an entity-specific measurement, and we determine fair value based on the assumptions that we expect market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. as a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, gaap establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within levels one and two of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity's own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within level three of the hierarchy).
48
level one inputs utilize unadjusted quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in active markets that we have the ability to access. level two inputs consist of inputs other than quoted prices included in level one that are directly or indirectly observable for the asset or liability. level two inputs may include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets and other inputs for the asset or liability that are observable at commonly quoted intervals, such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates and yield curves. level three inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which typically are based on our own assumptions, as there is little, if any, related market activity. if the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the hierarchy, the level within which the entire fair value measurement falls is the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. if the volume and level of market activity for an asset or liability has decreased significantly relative to the normal market activity for such asset or liability (or similar assets or liabilities), then transactions or quoted prices may not accurately reflect fair value. in addition, if there is evidence that a transaction for an asset or liability is not orderly, little, if any, weight is placed on that transaction price as an indicator of fair value. our assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment and considers factors specific to the asset or liability.
revenue recognition triple-net leased properties and mob operations certain of our triple-net leases and most of our mob leases provide for periodic and determinable increases in base rent. we recognize base rental revenues under these leases on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term when collectibility is reasonably assured. recognizing rental income on a straight-line basis generally results in recognized revenues during the first half of a lease term exceeding the cash amounts contractually due from our tenants, creating a straight-line rent receivable that is included in other assets on our consolidated balance sheets.
certain of our leases provide for periodic increases in base rent only if certain revenue parameters or other substantive contingencies are met. we recognize the increased rental revenue under these leases as the related parameters or contingencies are met, rather than on a straight-line basis over the applicable lease term.
senior living operations we recognize resident fees and services, other than move-in fees, monthly as services are provided. we recognize move-in fees on a straight-line basis over the average resident stay. our lease agreements with residents generally have terms of 12 to 18 months and are cancelable by the resident upon 30 days' notice.
other we recognize interest income from loans and investments, including discounts and premiums, using the effective interest method when collectibility is reasonably assured. we apply the effective interest method on a loan-by-loan basis and recognize discounts and premiums as yield adjustments over the related loan term. we recognize interest income on an impaired loan to the extent our estimate of the fair value of the collateral is sufficient to support the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest. when the balance of the loan, other receivables and all related accrued interest is equal to our estimate of the fair value of the collateral, we recognize interest income on a cash basis. we provide a reserve against an impaired loan to the extent our total investment in the loan exceeds our estimate of the fair value of the loan collateral.
we recognize income from rent, lease termination fees, development services, management advisory services, and all other income when all of the following criteria are met in accordance with securities and exchange commission ("sec") staff accounting bulletin 104: (i) the applicable agreement has been fully executed and delivered; (ii) services have been rendered; (iii) the amount is fixed or determinable; and (iv) collectibility is reasonably assured.
allowances we assess the collectibility of our rent receivables, including straight-line rent receivables. we base our assessment of the collectibility of rent receivables (other than straight-line rent receivables) on several factors, including, among other things, payment history, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, and current economic conditions. if our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to recover the full value of the receivable, we provide a reserve against the portion of the receivable that we estimate may not be recovered. we also base our assessment of the collectibility of straight-line rent receivables on several factors, including, among other things, the financial strength of the tenant and any guarantors, the historical operations and operating trends of the property, the historical payment pattern of the tenant and the type of property. if our evaluation of these factors indicates it is probable that we will be unable to receive the rent payments due in the future, we provide a reserve against the recognized straight-line rent receivable asset for the portion, up to its full value, that we estimate may not be recovered. if we change our assumptions or
49
estimates regarding the collectibility of future rent payments required by a lease, we may adjust our reserve to increase or reduce the rental revenue recognized in the period we make such change in our assumptions or estimates.
federal income tax we have elected to be treated as a reit under the applicable provisions of the internal revenue code of 1986, as amended (the "code"), for every year beginning with the year ended december 31, 1999. accordingly, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on net income that we distribute to our stockholders, provided that we continue to qualify as a reit. however, with respect to certain of our subsidiaries that have elected to be treated as "taxable reit subsidiaries" ("trss"), we record income tax expense or benefit, as those entities are subject to federal income tax similar to regular corporations. certain foreign subsidiaries are subject to foreign income tax, although they did not elect to be treated as trss.
we account for deferred income taxes using the asset and liability method and recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities for the expected future tax consequences of events that have been included in our financial statements or tax returns. under this method, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. any increase or decrease in the deferred tax liability that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about expected future tax consequences of events, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur. deferred income taxes also reflect the impact of operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. a valuation allowance is provided if we believe it is more likely than not that all or some portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. any increase or decrease in the valuation allowance that results from a change in circumstances, and that causes us to change our judgment about the realizability of the related deferred tax asset, is included in the tax provision when such changes occur.
we recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position claimed or expected to be claimed on a tax return only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by taxing authorities, based on the technical merits of the position. the tax benefits recognized in the financial statements from such a position are measured based on the largest benefit that has a greater than fifty percent likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. we recognize interest and penalties, if applicable, related to uncertain tax positions as part of income tax benefit (expense).
recently issued or adopted accounting standards in april 2015, the fasb issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2015-03, simplifying the presentation of debt issuance costs ("asu 2015-03"), which requires that debt issuance costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of that debt liability, consistent with debt discounts. the recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected. also in august 2015, the fasb issues asu 2015-15, presentation and subsequent measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements ("asu 2015-15") which clarifies the sec staff's position not objecting to an entity deferring and presenting debt issuance costs as an asset and subsequently amortizing such costs, regardless of whether there are any outstanding borrowings on the line-of-credit arrangement. we adopted asu 2015-03 and 2015-15 for the quarter ended september 30, 2015. there were deferred financing costs of $69.1 million and $60.3 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively that are now classified within senior notes payable and other debt on our consolidated balance sheets.
in september 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-16, simplifying the accounting for measurement-period adjustments ("asu 2015-16") to simplify the accounting for business combinations, specifically as it relates to measurement-period adjustments. acquiring entities in a business combination must recognize measurement-period adjustments in the reporting period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. also, asu 2015-16 requires entities to present separately on the face of the income statement (or disclose in the notes to the financial statements) the portion of the amount recorded in the current period earnings, by line item, that would have been recorded in previous reporting periods if the adjustment to the provisional amounts had been recognized as of the acquisition date. asu 2015-16 is effective for the company beginning january 1, 2016 and is to be applied prospectively to measurement-period adjustments that occur after the effective date. we do not expect the adoption of this asu to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
in 2014, the fasb issued accounting standards update ("asu") 2014-09, revenue from contracts with customers ("asu 2014-09"), which outlines a comprehensive model for entities to use in accounting for revenue arising from contracts with customers. asu 2014-09 states that "an entity recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services." while asu 2014-09 specifically references contracts with customers, it may apply to certain other transactions such as the sale of real estate or equipment. in 2015, the fasb provided for a one-year deferral of the effective date for asu 2014-09 which is now effective for us beginning january 1, 2018. we are continuing to evaluate this guidance; however, we do
50
not expect its adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements, as a substantial portion of our revenue consists of rental income from leasing arrangements, which are specifically excluded from asu 2014-09.
in february 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-02, consolidation (topic 810): amendments to the consolidation analysis ("asu 2015-02"), which makes certain changes to both the variable interest model and the voting model, including changes to (1) the identification of variable interests (fees paid to a decision maker or service provider), (2) the variable interest entity characteristics for a limited partnership or similar entity and (3) the primary beneficiary determination. asu 2015-02 is effective for us beginning january 1, 2016. we are continuing to evaluate this guidance; however, we do not expect its adoption to have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements.
results of operations as of december 31, 2015, we operated through three reportable business segments: triple-net leased properties, senior living operations and mob operations. in our triple-net leased properties segment, we acquire and own seniors housing and healthcare properties throughout the united states and the united kingdom and lease those properties to healthcare operating companies under "triple-net" or "absolute-net" leases that obligate the tenants to pay all property-related expenses. in our senior living operations segment, we invest in seniors housing communities throughout the united states and canada and engage independent operators, such as atria and sunrise, to manage those communities. in our mob operations segment, we primarily acquire, own, develop, lease, and manage mobs. information provided for "all other" includes income from loans and investments and other miscellaneous income and various corporate-level expenses not directly attributable to any of our three reportable business segments. assets included in "all other" consist primarily of corporate assets, including cash, restricted cash, loans receivable and investments, and miscellaneous accounts receivable.
the historical results of operations of the ccp properties as well as the related assets and liabilities are presented as discontinued operations in the accompanying results of operations. throughout this discussion, "continuing operations" does not include properties disposed of as part of the ccp spin-off.
51
years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014
the table below shows our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.
for the year endeddecember 31,                       increase (decrease) to net income
2015                                                                                                                                                                2014                                                        $                   %
(dollars in thousands)
segment noi:
triple-net leased properties                                                                                                                      $784,234                    $679,112                   $105,122                        15.5   %
senior living operations                                                                                                                           601,840                     516,395                     85,445                        16.5
mob operations                                                                                                                                     399,891                     310,515                     89,376                        28.8
all other                                                                                                                                           89,176                      54,048                     35,128                        65.0
total segment noi                                                                                                                                1,875,141                   1,560,070                    315,071                        20.2
interest and other income                                                                                                                            1,052                       4,263                     (3,211       )               (75.3   )
interest expense                                                                                                                                  (367,114      )             (292,065      )             (75,049       )               (25.7   )
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                     (894,057      )             (725,216      )            (168,841       )               (23.3   )
general, administrative and professional fees                                                                                                     (128,035      )             (121,738      )              (6,297       )                (5.2   )
loss on extinguishment of debt, net                                                                                                                (14,411      )               (5,564      )              (8,847       )           (&gt;100)
merger-related expenses and deal costs                                                                                                            (102,944      )              (43,304      )             (59,640       )           (&gt;100)
other                                                                                                                                              (17,957      )              (25,743      )               7,786                        30.2
income before loss from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations, real estate dispositions and noncontrolling interest       351,675                     350,703                        972                         0.3
loss from unconsolidated entities                                                                                                                   (1,420      )                 (139      )              (1,281       )           (&gt;100)
income tax benefit                                                                                                                                  39,284                       8,732                     30,552                     &gt;100
income from continuing operations                                                                                                                  389,539                     359,296                     30,243                         8.4
discontinued operations                                                                                                                             11,103                      99,735                    (88,632       )               (88.9   )
gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                                                    18,580                      17,970                        610                         3.4
net income                                                                                                                                         419,222                     477,001                    (57,779       )               (12.1   )
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                                                                                                   1,379                       1,234                       (145       )               (11.8   )
net income attributable to common stockholders                                                                                                    $417,843                    $475,767                    (57,924       )               (12.2   )
segment noi-triple-net leased properties noi for our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment equals the rental income and other services revenue earned from our triple-net assets. we incur no direct operating expenses for this segment.
the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
2015                                                             2014                            $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
segment noi-triple-net leased properties:
rental income                                  $779,801                    $674,547              $105,254                15.6            %
other services revenue                            4,433                       4,565              (132            )               (2.9    )
segment noi                                    $784,234                    $679,112              105,122                 15.5
52
triple-net leased properties segment noi increased in 2015 over the prior year primarily due to rent from the properties we acquired during 2015 and 2014, contractual escalations in rent pursuant to the terms of our leases, and increases in base and other rent under certain of our leases.
in our triple-net leased properties segment, our revenues generally consist of fixed rental amounts (subject to annual contractual escalations) received from our tenants in accordance with the applicable lease terms and do not vary based on the underlying operating performance of the properties. therefore, while occupancy rates may affect the profitability of our tenants' operations, they do not have a direct impact on our revenues or financial results. the following table sets forth average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2015 for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2015 (which is the most recent information available to us from our tenants) and average continuing occupancy rates related to the triple-net leased properties we owned at december 31, 2014 for the trailing 12 months ended september 30, 2014.
number of properties at december 31, 2015 (1)           average occupancyfor the trailing 12 monthsended september 30,2015 (1)         number of properties at december 31, 2014 (1)           average occupancyfor the trailing 12 monthsended september 30,2014 (1)
seniors housing communities                       453                                                                88.2                                     %                          448                                                                88.3   %
skilled nursing facilities                         53                                                                81.4                                                                281                                                                79.6
specialty hospitals                                46                                                                57.8                                                                 47                                                                56.6
general acute care hospitals                       12                                                                50.6                                                                  -                                                                   -
(1)   excludes properties included in discontinued operations during 2015 and properties classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2015, non-stabilized properties, properties owned through investments in unconsolidated entities and certain properties for which we do not receive occupancy information. also excludes properties acquired during the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, including properties acquired as part of the 2015 ahs acquisition, and properties that transitioned operators for which we do not have eight full quarters of results subsequent to the transition.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 507 same-store triple-net leased properties. throughout this discussion, "same-store" refers to properties that we owned for the full period in both comparison periods.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
2015                                                                        2014                            $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
same-store segment noi-triple-net leased properties:
rental income                                             $646,426                    $617,886              $28,540                 4.6             %
other services revenue                                       4,433                       4,565              (132            )               (2.9    )
segment noi                                               $650,859                    $622,451              28,408                  4.6
segment noi-senior living operations the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
2015                                                           2014                              $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
segment noi-senior living operations:
total revenues                             $1,811,255                    $1,552,951              $258,304                16.6            %
less:
property-level operating expenses          (1,209,415      )             (1,036,556      )       (172,859        )               (16.7   )
segment noi                                  $601,840                      $516,395              85,445                  16.5
53
revenues attributed to our senior living operations segment consist of resident fees and services, which include all amounts earned from residents at our seniors housing communities, such as rental fees related to resident leases, extended health care fees and other ancillary service income. our senior living operations segment revenues increased in 2015 over the prior year primarily due to seniors housing communities we acquired during 2015 and 2014, including the 2015 hct acquisition and the 2014 acquisition of 29 seniors housings communities located in canada from holiday retirement (the "holiday canada acquisition").
property-level operating expenses related to our senior living operations segment include labor, food, utilities, marketing, management and other costs of operating the properties. property-level operating expenses also increased year over year primarily due to the acquired properties described above, increases in salaries, repairs & maintenance costs, real estate taxes and higher management fees primarily due to increased revenues, partially offset by decreased incentive fees and property insurance costs.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 236 same-store senior living operating communities.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
2015                                                                      2014                              $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
same-store segment noi-senior living operations:
total revenues                                        $1,523,421                    $1,485,146              $38,275                 2.6             %
less:
property-level operating expenses                     (1,028,996      )               (998,166      )       (30,830         )               (3.1    )
segment noi                                             $494,425                      $486,980              7,445                   1.5
the following table sets forth average unit occupancy rates and the average monthly revenue per occupied room related to continuing operations in our senior living operations segment for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014:
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                   average unit occupancyfor the yearendeddecember 31,                        average monthly revenue per occupied room for the yearendeddecember 31,
2015                                                                           2014                           2015                                   2014   2015                                       2014
total seniors housing communities           305                        270                       91.2            %                      91.1            %                        $5,255                                              $5,407
same-store seniors housing communities      236                        236                       91.1                                   91.0                                      5,718                                               5,579
54
segment noi-mob operations the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our mob operations reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,                  increase (decrease) to segment noi
2015                                                            2014                                                        $               %
(dollars in thousands)
segment noi-mob operations:
rental income                                 $566,245                    $463,910                   $102,335                    22.1       %
medical office building services revenue        34,436                      22,529                     11,907                    52.9
total revenues                                 600,681                     486,439                    114,242                    23.5
less:
property-level operating expenses             (174,225      )             (158,832      )             (15,393       )            (9.7       )
medical office building services costs         (26,565      )              (17,092      )              (9,473       )           (55.4       )
segment noi                                   $399,891                    $310,515                     89,376                    28.8
the increase in our mob operations segment rental income in 2015 over the prior year is attributed primarily to the mobs we acquired during 2015 and 2014 as well as same-store revenue growth and an increase in lease termination fees. the increase in our mob property-level operating expenses is due primarily to those acquired mobs and increases in cleaning, administrative wages and real estate tax expenses, partially offset by decreases in operating costs resulting from expense controls.
medical office building services revenue and costs both increased in 2015 over the prior year primarily due to increased construction activity during 2015 compared to 2014. management fee revenue also increased due to insourcing completed during 2014 and 2015.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 275 same-store mobs.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
2015                                                          2014                            $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
same-store segment noi-mob operations:
rental income                               $450,463                    $447,437              $3,026                  0.7             %
less:
property-level operating expenses           (152,533      )             (152,680      )   147                         0.1
segment noi                                 $297,930                    $294,757              3,173                   1.1
the following table sets forth occupancy rates and the annualized average rent per occupied square foot related to continuing operations in our mob operations segment at and for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014:
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                occupancy atdecember 31,            annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the year ended ended december 31,
2015                                                    2014               2015                 2014                                2015                                                          2014
total mobs           361                        277                 91.7      %          90.2      %                                 $30                                                           $30
same-store mobs      275                        275                 90.8                 91.2                                         31                                                            31
segment noi-all other all other noi consists solely of income from loans and investments. income from loans and investments increased in 2015 over the prior year due primarily to higher investment balances and prepayment income during 2015, partially offset by lower weighted average interest rates on loan balances in 2015 compared to 2014.
55
interest expense the $49.0 million increase in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of $60.4 million and $86.5 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, is attributed primarily to $53.6 million of additional interest due to higher debt balances, partially offset by a $6.5 million reduction in interest due to lower effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. our effective interest rate was 3.6% for 2015, compared to 3.7% for 2014.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense increased $168.8 million in 2015 primarily due to the real estate acquisitions we made in 2014 and 2015.
general, administrative and professional fees general, administrative and professional fees increased $6.3 million in 2015 primarily due to our increased employee head count as a result of organizational growth, partially offset by savings related to the ccp spin-off.
loss on extinguishment of debt, net the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2015 and 2014 resulted primarily from various debt repayments we made to improve our credit profile. the 2015 repayments were made primarily with proceeds from the distribution paid to us at the time of the ccp spin-off.
merger-related expenses and deal costs merger-related expenses and deal costs in both years consist of transition, integration, deal and severance-related expenses primarily related to pending and consummated transactions required by gaap to be expensed rather than capitalized into the asset value. the $59.6 million increase in merger-related expenses and deal costs in 2015 over the prior year is primarily due to increased 2015 investment activity and costs related to ccp spin-off.
other other primarily includes building rent expense paid to lease certain of our senior living operating communities, as well as certain unreimbursable expenses related to our triple-net leased portfolio and expenses related to the re-audit and re-review of our historical financial statements.
income tax benefit income tax benefit for 2015 was due primarily to the income tax benefit of ordinary losses of certain taxable reit subsidiaries ("trs" or "trs entities"). these losses were mainly attributable to the depreciation and amortization of fixed and intangible assets recorded as deferred tax liabilities in purchase accounting. income tax benefit for 2014 was due primarily to the income tax benefit of ordinary losses and restructuring related to one of our trs entities.
discontinued operations discontinued operations primarily relates to the operations of assets and liabilities disposed of as part of the ccp spin-off. the decrease in income from discontinued operations for 2015 compared to 2014 is primarily the result of $46.4 million of transaction and separation costs associated with the spin. also, 2014 includes a full year of net income for the ccp operations whereas 2015 only includes net income through august 17, 2015, the date of the ccp spin-off.
gain on real estate dispositions the gain on real estate dispositions in 2015 and 2014 primarily relates to the sale of 45 and ten properties, respectively.
56
years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013
the table below shows our results of operations for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013 and the effect of changes in those results from period to period on our net income attributable to common stockholders.
for the year endeddecember 31,                       increase (decrease) to net income
2014                                                                                                                                                                2013                                                        $                   %
(dollars in thousands)
segment noi:
triple-net leased properties                                                                                                                      $679,112                    $590,485                    $88,627                        15.0       %
senior living operations                                                                                                                           516,395                     449,321                     67,074                        14.9
mob operations                                                                                                                                     310,515                     300,861                      9,654                         3.2
all other                                                                                                                                           54,048                      55,688                     (1,640       )                (2.9       )
total segment noi                                                                                                                                1,560,070                   1,396,355                    163,715                        11.7
interest and other income                                                                                                                            4,263                       2,022                      2,241                     &gt;100
interest expense                                                                                                                                  (292,065      )             (249,009      )             (43,056       )               (17.3       )
depreciation and amortization                                                                                                                     (725,216      )             (629,908      )             (95,308       )               (15.1       )
general, administrative and professional fees                                                                                                     (121,738      )             (115,083      )              (6,655       )                (5.8       )
loss on extinguishment of debt, net                                                                                                                 (5,564      )               (1,201      )              (4,363       )           (&gt;100)
merger-related expenses and deal costs                                                                                                             (43,304      )              (21,634      )             (21,670       )           (&gt;100)
other                                                                                                                                              (25,743      )              (17,364      )              (8,379       )               (48.3       )
income before loss from unconsolidated entities, income taxes, discontinued operations, real estate dispositions and noncontrolling interest       350,703                     364,178                    (13,475       )                (3.7       )
loss from unconsolidated entities                                                                                                                     (139      )                 (508      )   369                                      72.6
income tax benefit                                                                                                                                   8,732                      11,828                     (3,096       )               (26.2       )
income from continuing operations                                                                                                                  359,296                     375,498                    (16,202       )                (4.3       )
discontinued operations                                                                                                                             99,735                      79,171                     20,564                        26.0
gain on real estate dispositions                                                                                                                    17,970                           -                     17,970                          nm net income                                                                                                                                         477,001                     454,669                     22,332                         4.9
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                                                                                                   1,234                       1,160                        (74       )                (6.4       )
net income attributable to common stockholders                                                                                                    $475,767                    $453,509                     22,258                         4.9
nm-not meaningful segment noi-triple-net leased properties the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our triple-net leased properties reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase to segment noi
2014                                                             2013                            $                       %
(dollars in thousands)
segment noi-triple-net leased properties:
rental income                                  $674,547                    $586,016              $88,531           15.1        %
other services revenue                            4,565                       4,469          96                    2.1
segment noi                                    $679,112                    $590,485              88,627            15.0
triple-net leased properties segment noi increased in 2014 over the prior year primarily due to rent from the properties we acquired during 2014 and 2013, contractual escalations in rent pursuant to the terms of our leases, and increases in base and other rent under certain of our leases.
57
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 477 same-store triple-net leased properties.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
2014                                                                        2013                            $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
same-store segment noi-triple-net leased properties:
rental income                                             $546,301                    $524,676              $21,625                 4.1             %
other services revenue                                       4,565                       4,469          96                          2.1
segment noi                                               $550,866                    $529,145              21,721                  4.1
segment noi-senior living operations the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our senior living operations reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
2014                                                           2013                              $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
segment noi-senior living operations:
total revenues                             $1,552,951                    $1,406,005              $146,946                10.5            %
less:
property-level operating expenses          (1,036,556      )               (956,684      )       (79,872         )               (8.3    )
segment noi                                  $516,395                      $449,321              67,074                  14.9
our senior living operations segment revenues increased in 2014 over the prior year primarily due to the holiday canada acquisition and other seniors housing communities we acquired during 2014 and 2013.
property-level operating expenses also increased year over year primarily due to the acquired properties described above.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 219 same-store senior living operating communities.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease) to segment noi
2014                                                                      2013                              $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
same-store segment noi-senior living operations:
total revenues                                        $1,384,878                    $1,357,088              $27,790                 2.0             %
less:
property-level operating expenses                       (937,671      )               (925,478      )       (12,193         )               (1.3    )
segment noi                                             $447,207                      $431,610              15,597                  3.6
the following table sets forth average unit occupancy rates and the average monthly revenue per occupied room related to continuing operations in our senior living operations segment for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                    average unitoccupancy forthe yearendeddecember 31,              averagemonthly revenue per occupied room forthe yearendeddecember 31,
2014                                                                           2013                           2014                                   2013   2014                           2013
total seniors housing communities           270                        239                       91.1            %                      91.1            %                         $5,407                                              $5,470
same-store seniors housing communities      219                        219                       91.1                                   91.2                                       5,673                                               5,553
58
segment noi-mob operations the following table summarizes results of continuing operations in our mob operations reportable business segment:
for the year endeddecember 31,                   increase (decrease) to segment noi
2014                                                            2013                                                        $                %
(dollars in thousands)
segment noi-mob operations:
rental income                                 $463,910                    $450,340                    $13,570                      3.0       %
medical office building services revenue        22,529                      12,077                     10,452                     86.5
total revenues                                 486,439                     462,417                     24,022                      5.2
less:
property-level operating expenses             (158,832      )             (153,241      )              (5,591       )             (3.6       )
medical office building services costs         (17,092      )               (8,315      )              (8,777       )           (105.6       )
segment noi                                   $310,515                    $300,861                      9,654                      3.2
the increase in our mob operations segment rental income in 2014 over the prior year is attributed primarily to the mobs we acquired during 2014 and 2013 and slightly higher base rents. the increase in our mob property-level operating expenses is due primarily to those acquired mobs and increases in utilities, snow removal, payroll and insurance expenses, partially offset by decreases in operating costs resulting from expense controls.
medical office building services revenue and costs both increased in 2014 over the prior year primarily due to increased construction activity during 2014 compared to 2013.
the following table compares results of continuing operations for our 297 same-store mobs.
for the year endeddecember 31,       increase (decrease)to segment noi
2014                                                          2013                            $                               %
(dollars in thousands)
same-store segment noi-mob operations:
rental income                               $440,755                    $435,786              $4,969                  1.1             %
less:
property-level operating expenses           (150,585      )             (147,987      )       (2,598          )               (1.8    )
segment noi                                 $290,170                    $287,799              2,371                   0.8
the following table sets forth occupancy rates and the annualized average rent per occupied square foot related to continuing operations in our mob operations segment at and for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013:
number ofproperties atdecember 31,                occupancy atdecember 31,            annualized average rent per occupied square foot for the year ended december 31,
2014                                                    2013               2014                 2013                              2014                                                      2013
total mobs           311                        309                 89.8      %          90.1      %                               $31                                                       $29
same-store mobs      297                        297                 89.8                 90.0                                       30                                                        29
segment noi-all other all other noi consists solely of income from loans and investments. income from loans and investments decreased in 2014 over the prior year due primarily to final repayments and sales of portions of certain loans receivable throughout 2013.
interest expense the $38.2 million increase in total interest expense, including interest allocated to discontinued operations of $86.5 million and $91.4 million for the years ended december 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively, is attributed primarily to $50.9
59
million of additional interest due to higher debt balances, partially offset by a $15.6 million reduction in interest due to lower effective interest rates, including the amortization of any fair value adjustments. our effective interest rate was 3.7% for 2014, compared to 3.8% for 2013.
depreciation and amortization depreciation and amortization expense increased $95.3 million in 2014 primarily due to real estate acquisitions we made in 2013 and 2014.
general, administrative and professional fees general, administrative and professional fees increased $6.7 million in 2014 primarily due to our continued organizational growth.
loss on extinguishment of debt, net the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2014 resulted primarily from various debt repayments. the loss on extinguishment of debt, net in 2013 resulted primarily from the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees as a result of replacing our previous $2.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility with a new $3.0 billion unsecured credit facility and the repayment of certain mortgage debt.
merger-related expenses and deal costs merger-related expenses and deal costs in both years consist of transition, integration, deal and severance-related expenses primarily related to pending and consummated transactions required by gaap to be expensed rather than capitalized into the asset value. the $21.7 million increase in merger-related expenses and deal costs in 2014 over the prior year is primarily due to increased 2014 investment activity.
other other primarily includes building rent expense paid to lease certain of our senior living operating communities, as well as certain unreimbursable expenses related to our triple-net leased portfolio. for the year ended december 31, 2014, other also includes expenses related to the re-audit and re-review of our historical financial statements.
income tax benefit income tax benefit for 2014 was due primarily to the income tax benefit of ordinary losses and restructuring related to one of our trs entities. income tax benefit for 2013 was due primarily to the release of valuation allowances against certain deferred tax assets related to one of our trs entities.
discontinued operations discontinued operations primarily relates to the operations of assets and liabilities disposed of as part of the ccp spin-off, and impairments of $1.5 million and $39.7 million recorded in 2014 and 2013, respectively.
gain on real estate dispositions the gain on real estate dispositions in 2014 resulted primarily from the sale of ten properties that are not classified as discontinued operations in accordance with asu 2014-08, resulting in a net gain of $18.0 million. gains on real estate dispositions in 2013 are classified in discontinued operations.
non-gaap financial measures we believe that net income, as defined by gaap, is the most appropriate earnings measurement. however, we consider certain non-gaap financial measures to be useful supplemental measures of our operating performance. a non-gaap financial measure is a measure of historical or future financial performance, financial position or cash flows that excludes or includes amounts that are not so excluded from or included in the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. described below are the non-gaap financial measures used by management to evaluate our operating performance and that we consider most useful to investors, together with reconciliations of these measures to the most directly comparable gaap measures.
the non-gaap financial measures we present in this annual report on form 10-k may not be comparable to those presented by other real estate companies due to the fact that not all real estate companies use the same definitions. you should not consider these measures as alternatives to net income (determined in accordance with gaap) as indicators of our financial performance or as alternatives to cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with gaap) as measures of
60
our liquidity, nor are these measures necessarily indicative of sufficient cash flow to fund all of our needs. in order to facilitate a clear understanding of our consolidated historical operating results, you should examine these measures in conjunction with net income as presented in our consolidated financial statements and other financial data included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k.
funds from operations and normalized funds from operations historical cost accounting for real estate assets implicitly assumes that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. however, since real estate values historically have risen or fallen with market conditions, many industry investors deem presentations of operating results for real estate companies that use historical cost accounting to be insufficient by themselves. for that reason, we consider funds from operations ("ffo") and normalized ffo to be appropriate measures of operating performance of an equity reit. in particular, we believe that normalized ffo is useful because it allows investors, analysts and our management to compare our operating performance to the operating performance of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis without having to account for differences caused by unanticipated items and other events such as transactions and litigation. in some cases, we provide information about identified non-cash components of ffo and normalized ffo because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess the impact of those items on our financial results.
we use the national association of real estate investment trusts ("nareit") definition of ffo. nareit defines ffo as net income (computed in accordance with gaap), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of real estate property, including gain on re-measurement of equity method investments, and impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures will be calculated to reflect ffo on the same basis. we define normalized ffo as ffo excluding the following income and expense items (which may be recurring in nature): (a) merger-related costs and expenses, including amortization of intangibles, transition and integration expenses, and deal costs and expenses, including expenses and recoveries relating to our acquisition lawsuits; (b) the impact of any expenses related to asset impairment and valuation allowances, the write-off of unamortized deferred financing fees, or additional costs, expenses, discounts, make-whole payments, penalties or premiums incurred as a result of early retirement or payment of our debt; (c) the non-cash effect of income tax benefits or expenses and derivative transactions that have non-cash mark-to-market impacts on our consolidated statements of income; (d) the impact of future acquisitions, divestitures (including pursuant to tenant options to purchase) and capital transactions; (e) the financial impact of contingent consideration, severance-related costs, charitable donations made to the ventas charitable foundation, gains and losses for non-operational foreign currency hedge agreements and changes in the fair value of financial instruments; and (f) expenses related to the re-audit and re-review in 2014 of our historical financial statements and related matters.
61
the following table summarizes our ffo and normalized ffo for each of the five years ended december 31, 2015. our normalized ffo for the year ended december 31, 2015 increased over the prior year due primarily to accretive acquisitions and increases in property noi, partially offset by increased interest expense and a partial year's results from the properties that were transferred to ccp on august 17, 2015 in connection with the ccp spin-off.
for the year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                         2014                    2013                    2012                    2011
(in thousands)
net income attributable to common stockholders                                $417,843                $475,767                $453,509                $362,800              $364,493
adjustments:
real estate depreciation and amortization                                      887,126                 718,649                 624,245                 616,095               390,995
real estate depreciation related to noncontrolling interest                     (7,906   )             (10,314   )             (10,512   )              (8,503   )            (3,471   )
real estate depreciation related to unconsolidated entities                      7,353                   5,792                   6,543                   7,516                 6,552
loss (gain) on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net             176                       -                  (1,241   )             (16,645   )                 -
gain on real estate dispositions                                               (18,580   )             (17,970   )                   -                       -                     -
discontinued operations:
gain on real estate dispositions                                                  (212   )              (1,494   )              (4,059   )             (80,952   )                 -
depreciation on real estate assets                                              79,608                 103,250                 139,973                 144,256                66,282
ffo                                                                          1,365,408               1,273,680               1,208,458               1,024,567               824,851
adjustments:
litigation proceeds, net                                                             -                       -                       -                       -              (202,259   )
change in fair value of financial instruments                                      460                   5,121       449                     99                                2,959
income tax benefit                                                             (42,384   )              (9,431   )             (11,828   )              (6,286   )           (31,137   )
loss on extinguishment of debt, net                                             15,797                   5,013                   1,048                  37,640                27,604
merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs                         152,344                  54,389                  21,560                  63,183               153,923
amortization of other intangibles                                                2,058                   1,246                   1,022                   1,022                 1,022
normalized ffo                                                              $1,493,683              $1,330,018              $1,220,709              $1,120,225              $776,963
62
adjusted ebitda we consider adjusted ebitda an important supplemental measure to net income because it provides another manner in which to evaluate our operating performance and serves as another indicator of our ability to service debt. we define adjusted ebitda as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (including non-cash stock-based compensation expense), excluding gains or losses on extinguishment of debt, merger-related expenses and deal costs, expenses related to the re-audit and re-review of our historical financial statements, net gains on real estate activity and changes in the fair value of financial instruments (including amounts in discontinued operations). the following table sets forth a reconciliation of our net income attributable to common stockholders to adjusted ebitda (including amounts in discontinued operations) for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
for the year ended december 31,
2015                                                                                              2014                      2013
(in thousands)
net income attributable to common stockholders                                    $417,843                  $475,767                  $453,509
adjustments:
interest                                                                           427,542                   378,556                   340,381
loss on extinguishment of debt, net                                                 14,411                     5,564                     1,048
taxes (including amounts in general, administrative and professional fees)         (37,112    )               (4,770    )               (7,166    )
depreciation and amortization                                                      973,665                   828,466                   769,881
non-cash stock-based compensation expense                                           19,537                    20,994                    20,653
merger-related expenses, deal costs and re-audit costs                             150,290                    53,847                    21,634
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest                                   1,499                     1,419                     1,380
gain on real estate dispositions                                                   (18,811    )              (19,183    )               (3,617    )
changes in fair value of financial instruments                                         460                     5,121        449
gain on re-measurement of equity interest upon acquisition, net                        176                         -                    (1,241    )
adjusted ebitda                                                                 $1,949,500                $1,745,781                $1,596,911
63
noi we also consider noi an important supplemental measure to net income because it allows investors, analysts and our management to assess our unlevered property-level operating results and to compare our operating results with the operating results of other real estate companies and between periods on a consistent basis. we define noi as total revenues, less interest and other income, property-level operating expenses and medical office building services costs (including amounts in discontinued operations). cash receipts may differ due to straight-line recognition of certain rental income and the application of other gaap policies. the following table sets forth a reconciliation of noi to net income attributable to common stockholders (including amounts in discontinued operations) for the years ended december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013:
for the year ended december 31,
2015                                                                      2014                      2013
(in thousands)
net income attributable to common stockholders            $417,843                  $475,767                  $453,509
adjustments:
interest and other income                                   (1,115    )               (5,017    )               (2,047    )
interest                                                   427,542                   378,556                   340,381
depreciation and amortization                              973,665                   828,466                   769,881
general, administrative and professional fees              128,044                   121,746                   115,109
loss on extinguishment of debt, net                         14,411                     5,564                     1,048
merger-related expenses and deal costs                     149,346                    45,051                    21,634
other                                                       19,577                    39,337                    18,325
net income attributable to noncontrolling interest           1,499                     1,419                     1,380
loss from unconsolidated entities                            1,420        139                       508
income tax benefit                                         (39,284    )               (8,732    )              (11,828    )
gain on real estate dispositions                           (18,811    )              (19,183    )               (3,617    )
noi                                                      2,074,137                 1,863,113                 1,704,283
discontinued operations                                   (198,996    )             (303,043    )             (307,928    )
noi (excluding amounts in discontinued operations)      $1,875,141                $1,560,070                $1,396,355
asset/liability management asset/liability management, a key element of enterprise risk management, is designed to support the achievement of our business strategy, while ensuring that we maintain appropriate and tolerable levels of market risk (primarily interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risk) and credit risk. effective management of these risks is a contributing factor to the absolute levels and variability of our ffo and net worth. the following discussion addresses our integrated management of assets and liabilities, including the use of derivative financial instruments.
market risk we are exposed to market risk related to changes in interest rates with respect to borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loans, certain of our mortgage loans that are floating rate obligations, mortgage loans receivable that bear interest at floating rates and marketable debt securities. these market risks result primarily from changes in libor rates or prime rates. to manage these risks, we continuously monitor our level of floating rate debt with respect to total debt and other factors, including our assessment of current and future economic conditions.
64
the table below sets forth certain information with respect to our debt, excluding premiums and discounts.
as of december 31,
2015                                                                                       2014                      2013
(dollars in thousands)
balance:
fixed rate:
senior notes and other                                $7,534,459                $6,677,875                $5,418,543
mortgage loans and other (1)                           1,554,062                 1,810,716                 2,155,155
variable rate:
unsecured revolving credit facilities                    180,683                   919,099                   376,343
unsecured term loans                                   1,568,477                   990,634                 1,000,702
mortgage loans and other                                 433,339                   474,047                   369,734
total                                                $11,271,020               $10,872,371                $9,320,477
percent of total debt:
fixed rate:
senior notes and other                                      66.9    %                 61.4    %                 58.1    %
mortgage loans and other (1)                                13.8                      16.6                      23.1
variable rate:
unsecured revolving credit facilities                        1.6                       8.5                       4.0
unsecured term loans                                        13.9                       9.1                      10.7
mortgage loans and other                                     3.8                       4.4                       4.1
total                                                      100.0    %                100.0    %                100.0    %
weighted average interest rate at end of period:
fixed rate:
senior notes and other                                       3.5    %                  3.5    %                  3.7    %
mortgage loans and other (1)                                 5.7                       5.9                       6.0
variable rate:
unsecured revolving credit facilities                        1.4                       1.4                       1.2
unsecured term loans                                         1.4                       1.3                       1.3
mortgage loans and other                                     2.0                       2.3                       1.7
total                                                        3.5                       3.5                       3.8
(1)   excludes mortgage debt of $22.9 million, $27.6 million and $13.1 million related to real estate assets classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. all amounts were included in liabilities related to assets held for sale on our consolidated balance sheets.
the variable rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $150.5 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with a maturity of march 21, 2018 that effectively convert fixed rate debt to variable rate debt. in addition, the fixed rate debt in the table above reflects, in part, the effect of $48.1 million notional amount of interest rate swaps with maturities ranging from october 1, 2016 to april 1, 2019, in each case that effectively convert variable rate debt to fixed rate debt.
in february 2016, we entered into a $200 million notional amount interest rate swap with a maturity of august 3, 2020 that effectively converts libor-based floating rate debt to fixed rate debt, setting libor at 1.132% through the maturity date of the swap. the maturity date of the ardent term loan is also august 3, 2020.
the decrease in our outstanding variable rate debt at december 31, 2015 compared to december 31, 2014 is primarily attributable to the repayment of borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our unsecured term loan due 2019, partially offset by borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2020.
pursuant to the terms of certain leases with one of our tenants, if interest rates increase on certain variable rate debt that we have totaling $80.0 million as of december 31, 2015, our tenant is required to pay us additional rent (on a dollar-for-dollar
65
basis) in an amount equal to the increase in interest expense resulting from the increased interest rates. therefore, the increase in interest expense related to this debt is equally offset by an increase in additional rent due to us from the tenant. assuming a 100 basis point increase in the weighted average interest rate related to our variable rate debt and assuming no change in our variable rate debt outstanding as of december 31, 2015, interest expense for 2016 would increase by approximately $21.9 million, or $0.07 per diluted common share.
as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, our joint venture and operating partners' aggregate share of total debt was $132.6 million and $141.4 million, respectively, with respect to certain properties we owned through consolidated joint ventures and an operating partnership. total debt does not include our portion of debt related to investments in unconsolidated entities, which was $90.1 million and $97.5 million as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively.
the fair value of our fixed and variable rate debt is based on current interest rates at which we could obtain similar borrowings. for fixed rate debt, interest rate fluctuations generally affect the fair value, but not our earnings or cash flows. therefore, interest rate risk does not have a significant impact on our fixed rate debt obligations until their maturity or earlier prepayment and refinancing. if interest rates have risen at the time we seek to refinance our fixed rate debt, whether at maturity or otherwise, our future earnings and cash flows could be adversely affected by additional borrowing costs. conversely, lower interest rates at the time of refinancing may reduce our overall borrowing costs.
to highlight the sensitivity of our fixed rate debt to changes in interest rates, the following summary shows the effects of a hypothetical instantaneous change of 100 basis points in interest rates as of december 31, 2015 and 2014:
as of december 31,
2015                                                                       2014
(in thousands)
gross book value                                         $9,088,521                $8,488,591
fair value (1)                                            9,170,508                 8,817,982
fair value reflecting change in interest rates (1):
-100 basis points                                         9,674,423                 9,256,492
+100 basis points                                         8,708,963                 8,406,735
(1)   the change in fair value of our fixed rate debt from december 31, 2014 to december 31, 2015 was due primarily to 2015 senior note issuances, net of repayments, and mortgage loan repayments.
as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, the fair value of our secured and non-mortgage loans receivable, based on our estimates of currently prevailing rates for comparable loans, was $855.7 million and $767.9 million, respectively. see "note 6-loans receivable and investments" and "note 11-fair values of financial instruments" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
as a result of our canadian and united kingdom operations, we are subject to fluctuations in certain foreign currency exchange rates that may, from time to time, affect our financial condition and operating performance. based solely on our results for the year ended december 31, 2015 (including the impact of existing hedging arrangements), if the value of the u.s. dollar relative to the british pound and canadian dollar were to increase or decrease by one standard deviation compared to the average exchange rate during the year, our normalized ffo per share for the year ended december 31, 2015 would decrease or increase, as applicable, by approximately $0.01 per share or less than 1%. we will continue to mitigate these risks through a layered approach to hedging looking out for the next year and continual assessment of our foreign operational capital structure. nevertheless, we cannot assure you that any such fluctuations will not have an effect on our earnings.
66
concentration and credit risk we use concentration ratios to identify, understand and evaluate the potential impact of economic downturns and other adverse events that may affect our asset types, geographic locations, business models, and tenants, operators and managers. we evaluate concentration risk in terms of investment mix and operations mix. investment mix measures the percentage of our investments that is concentrated in a specific asset type or that is operated or managed by a particular tenant, operator or manager. operations mix measures the percentage of our operating results that is attributed to a particular tenant, operator or manager, geographic location or business model. the following tables reflect our concentration risk as of the dates and for the periods presented:
as ofdecember 31,
2015                                                                          2014
investment mix by asset type (1):
seniors housing communities                           65.2   %          73.4     %
mobs                                                  21.7              18.1
skilled nursing facilities                             1.6               2.1
specialty hospitals                                    2.1               1.8
general acute care hospitals                           5.9               0.8
secured loans receivable and investments, net          3.5               3.8
investment mix by tenant, operator and manager (1):
atria                                                 22.5   %          26.8     %
sunrise                                               11.7              13.9
brookdale senior living                                8.5              11.5
kindred                                                2.1               2.3
all other                                             55.2              45.5
(1)   ratios are based on the gross book value of real estate investments (excluding assets classified as held for sale) as of each reporting date.
67
for the year endeddecember 31,
2015                                                                                2014              2013
operations mix by tenant and operator and business model:
revenues (1):
senior living operations                                    55.1   %          56.0     %        56.1     %
kindred                                                      5.6               5.9               6.2
brookdale senior living (2)                                  5.3               6.1               6.2
all others                                                  34.0              32.0              31.5
adjusted ebitda (3):
senior living operations                                    29.8   %          28.4     %        26.0     %
kindred                                                      8.8              10.1              16.1
brookdale senior living (2)                                  8.2               9.2              10.9
all others                                                  53.2              52.3              47.0
noi (4):
senior living operations                                    32.1   %          33.1     %        32.2     %
kindred                                                      9.8              10.6              11.2
brookdale senior living (2)                                  9.3              10.9              11.2
all others                                                  48.8              45.4              45.4
operations mix by geographic location (5):
california                                                  15.4   %          15.4     %        15.4     %
new york                                                     8.8               8.8               8.8
texas                                                        6.1               6.1               6.1
illinois                                                     4.9               4.9               4.9
florida                                                      4.6               4.6               4.6
all others                                                  60.2              60.2              60.2
(1)   total revenues include medical office building and other services revenue, revenue from loans and investments and interest and other income (excluding amounts in discontinued operations).
(2)   excludes one seniors housing community included in senior living operations.
(3)   includes amounts in discontinued operations.
(4)   excludes amounts in discontinued operations.
(5)   ratios are based on total revenues (excluding amounts in discontinued operations) for each period presented.
see "non-gaap financial measures" included elsewhere in this annual report on form 10-k for additional disclosure and reconciliations of net income attributable to common stockholders to adjusted ebitda and noi as computed in accordance with gaap.
we derive a significant portion of our revenues by leasing assets under long-term triple-net leases in which the rental rate is generally fixed with annual escalators, subject to certain limitations. some of our triple-net lease escalators are contingent upon the satisfaction of specified facility revenue parameters or based on increases in the consumer price index ("cpi"), with caps, floors or collars. we also earn revenues directly from individual residents in our seniors housing communities that are managed by independent operators, such as atria and sunrise, and tenants in our mobs. for the year ended december 31, 2015, 29.8% of our adjusted ebitda (including amounts in discontinued operations) was derived from our senior living operations and mob operations, for which rental rates may fluctuate more frequently upon lease rollovers and renewals due to shorter term leases and changing economic or market conditions.
the concentration of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income that are attributed to brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent creates credit risk. if either brookdale senior living, kindred or ardent becomes unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations to us or to renew its leases with us upon expiration of the terms thereof, our financial condition and results of operations could decline and our ability to service our indebtedness and to make distributions
68
to our stockholders could be limited. we cannot assure you that brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent will have sufficient assets, income and access to financing to enable them to satisfy their respective obligations to us, and any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living, kindred or ardent to do so could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living, kindred or ardent to effectively conduct its operations or to maintain and improve our properties could adversely affect its business reputation and its ability to attract and retain patients and residents in our properties, which could have an indirect material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-our leases with brookdale senior living, kindred and ardent account for a significant portion of our triple-net leased properties segment revenues and operating income; any failure, inability or unwillingness by brookdale senior living, kindred or ardent to satisfy its obligations under our agreements could have a material adverse effect on us" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k and "note 3-concentration of credit risk" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
we regularly monitor and assess any changes in the relative credit risk of our significant tenants, and in particular those tenants that have recourse obligations under our triple-net leases. the ratios and metrics we use to evaluate a significant tenant's liquidity and creditworthiness depend on facts and circumstances specific to that tenant and the industry or industries in which it operates, including without limitation the tenant's credit history and economic conditions related to the tenant, its operations and the markets in which the tenant operates, that may vary over time. among other things, we may (i) review and analyze information regarding the real estate, seniors housing and healthcare industries generally, publicly available information regarding the significant tenant, and information required to be provided by the tenant under the terms of its lease agreements with us, (ii) examine monthly and/or quarterly financial statements of the significant tenant to the extent publicly available or otherwise provided under the terms of our lease agreements, and (iii) participate in periodic discussions and in-person meetings with representatives of the significant tenant.  using this information, we calculate multiple financial ratios (which may, but do not necessarily, include net debt to ebitdar or ebitdarm, fixed charge coverage and tangible net worth), after making certain adjustments based on our judgment, and assess other metrics we deem relevant to an understanding of the significant tenant's credit risk.
because atria and sunrise manage our properties in exchange for the receipt of a management fee from us, we are not directly exposed to the credit risk of our managers in the same manner or to the same extent as our triple-net tenants. however, we rely on our managers' personnel, expertise, technical resources and information systems, proprietary information, good faith and judgment to manage our senior living operations efficiently and effectively. we also rely on our managers to set appropriate resident fees and to otherwise operate our seniors housing communities in compliance with the terms of our management agreements and all applicable laws and regulations. although we have various rights as the property owner under our management agreements, including various rights to terminate and exercise remedies under the agreements as provided therein, atria's or sunrise's failure, inability or unwillingness to satisfy its respective obligations under those agreements, to efficiently and effectively manage our properties or to provide timely and accurate accounting information with respect thereto could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, significant changes in atria's or sunrise's senior management or equity ownership or any adverse developments in their businesses and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-the properties managed by atria and sunrise account for a significant portion of our revenues and operating income; adverse developments in atria's or sunrise's business and affairs or financial condition could have a material adverse effect on us" and "-we have rights to terminate our management agreements with atria and sunrise in whole or with respect to specific properties under certain circumstances, and we may be unable to replace atria or sunrise if our management agreements are terminated or not renewed" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
in december 2012, we acquired a 34% ownership interest in atria, which entitles us to certain rights and minority protections as well as the right to appoint two of five members on the atria board of directors.
triple-net lease expirations if our tenants are not able or willing to renew our triple-net leases upon expiration, we may be unable to reposition the applicable properties on a timely basis or on the same or better economic terms, if at all. although our lease expirations are staggered, the non-renewal of some or all of our triple-net leases that expire in any given year could have a material adverse effect on us. during the year ended december 31, 2015, we had no triple-net lease renewals or expirations without renewal that, in the aggregate, had a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations for that period. see "risk factors-risks arising from our business-if we must replace any of our tenants or operators, we might be unable to reposition the properties on as favorable terms, or at all, and we could be subject to delays, limitations and expenses, which could have a material adverse effect on us" included in part i, item ia of this annual report on form 10-k.
69
the following table summarizes our triple-net lease expirations currently scheduled to occur over the next ten years (excluding leases related to assets classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2015):
number ofproperties              2015 annualrental income           % of 2015 totaltriple-net leased properties segment rentalincome
(dollars in thousands)
2016           1                                   $895                                                0.1                                  %
2017          23                                 16,944                                                2.2
2018          19                                 51,879                                                6.7
2019          73                                117,849                                               15.1
2020          64                                 61,243                                                7.9
2021          73                                 65,508                                                8.4
2022          15                                  8,899                                                1.1
2023          14                                 29,264                                                3.8
2024          35                                 22,059                                                2.8
2025          70                                110,608                                               14.2
in december 2014, we entered into favorable agreements with kindred to transition or sell the operations of nine licensed healthcare assets, make modifications to the master leases governing 34 leased assets, and reimburse us for certain deferred capital expenditures at skilled nursing facilities previously transferred to new operators. in january 2015, kindred paid us $37 million in connection with these agreements, which is being amortized over the remaining lease term for the 34 assets governed by the modified master leases. we own or have the rights to all licenses and cons at the nine properties to be transitioned or sold, and kindred has extensive and detailed obligations to cooperate and ensure an orderly transition of the properties to another operator. as of december 31, 2015, four of the nine properties have been sold and three of the nine properties were disposed of as part of the ccp spin-off.
liquidity and capital resources as of december 31, 2015, we had a total of $53.0 million of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents, operating cash and cash related to our senior living operations and mob operations reportable business segments that is deposited and held in property-level accounts. funds maintained in the property-level accounts are used primarily for the payment of property-level expenses, debt service payments and certain capital expenditures. as of december 31, 2015, we also had escrow deposits and restricted cash of $77.9 million and $1.8 billion of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility.
during 2015, our principal sources of liquidity were cash flows from operations, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and cad unsecured term loan, proceeds from the issuance of debt and equity securities, proceeds from asset sales and cash on hand.
for the next 12 months, our principal liquidity needs are to: (i) fund operating expenses; (ii) meet our debt service requirements; (iii) repay maturing mortgage and other debt, including $550.0 million of senior notes; (iv) fund capital expenditures; (v) fund acquisitions, investments and commitments, including development and redevelopment activities; and (vi) make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders, as required for us to continue to qualify as a reit. in addition, we may elect to prepay outstanding indebtedness prior to maturity based on our analysis of various factors. we expect that these liquidity needs generally will be satisfied by a combination of the following: cash flows from operations, cash on hand, debt assumptions and financings (including secured financings), issuances of debt and equity securities, dispositions of assets (in whole or in part through joint venture arrangements with third parties) and borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility. however, an inability to access liquidity through multiple capital sources concurrently could have a material adverse effect on us. see "risk factors-risks arising from our capital structure-limitations on our ability to access capital could have an adverse effect on our ability to make required payments on our debt obligations, make distributions to our stockholders or make future investments necessary to implement our business strategy" included in part i, item 1a of this annual report on form 10-k.
in january 2015, we funded the hct acquisition through the issuance of approximately 28.4 million shares of our common stock and 1.1 million limited partnership units that are redeemable for shares of our common stock, the payment of
70
approximately $11 million in cash (excluding cash in lieu of fractional shares) and the assumption or repayment of debt, net of hct cash on hand.
beginning on january 16, 2016 and as of february 10, 2016, third party investors executed redemption right exercise notices for ventas realty capital healthcare trust operating partnership, l.p. to redeem 303,136 class c units. we expect that the class c units will be redeemed through the issuance of 303,136 shares of ventas common stock on or before april 1, 2016, but we have the right to redeem the class c units for a cash amount.
unsecured credit facility and unsecured term loans our unsecured credit facility is comprised of a $2.0 billion revolving credit facility priced at libor plus 1.0% as of december 31, 2015, and a $200.0 million fully funded term loan and an $800.0 million term loan (with $468.5 million outstanding), each priced at libor plus 1.05% as of december 31, 2015. the revolving credit facility matures in january 2018, but may be extended, at our option subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, for an additional period of one year. the $200.0 million and $800.0 million term loans mature in january 2018 and january 2019, respectively. the unsecured credit facility also includes an accordion feature that permits us to increase our aggregate borrowing capacity thereunder to up to $3.5 billion.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $180.7 million of borrowings outstanding, $14.9 million of letters of credit outstanding and $1.8 billion of unused borrowing capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility.
in august 2015, we completed a $900 million five year term loan having a variable interest rate of libor plus 97.5 basis points. the term loan matures in 2020.
also in august 2015, we repaid $305.0 million of our $800.0 million unsecured term loan due 2019 and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $1.6 million representing a write-off of the then unamortized deferred financing fees.
the agreement governing our unsecured credit facility requires us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. see "note 10-borrowing arrangements" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2015.
senior notes as of december 31, 2015, we had $6.8 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by our subsidiary, ventas realty, limited partnership ("ventas realty"), and guaranteed by ventas, inc. outstanding as follows:
•$550.0 million principal amount of 1.55% senior notes due 2016;
•$300.0 million principal amount of 1.250% senior notes due 2017;
•   $700.0 million principal amount of 2.00% senior notes due 2018;
•   $600.0 million principal amount of 4.00% senior notes due 2019;
•   $500.0 million principal amount of 2.700% senior notes due 2020;
•   $700.0 million principal amount of 4.750% senior notes due 2021;
•   $600.0 million principal amount of 4.25% senior notes due 2022;
•   $500.0 million principal amount of 3.25% senior notes due 2022;
•   $400.0 million principal amount of 3.750% senior notes due 2024;
•   $600.0 million principal amount of 3.500% senior notes due 2025;
•   $500.0 million principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2026;
•   $258.8 million principal amount of 5.45% senior notes due 2043;
•   $300.0 million principal amount of 5.70% senior notes due 2043; and
•   $300.0 million principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due 2045.
with the exception of the senior notes due 2016, the senior notes due 2017, the senior notes due 2024, the senior notes due 2025, the senior notes due 2026, the 5.70% senior notes due 2043, and the senior notes due 2045, all of these senior notes were co-issued with ventas realty's wholly owned subsidiary, ventas capital corporation.
71
as of december 31, 2015, we had $75.4 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes of our subsidiary, nationwide health properties, llc ("nhp llc"), as successor to nhp, outstanding as follows:
•   $52.4 million principal amount of 6.90% senior notes due 2037 (subject to earlier repayment at the option of the holder); and
•   $23.0 million principal amount of 6.59% senior notes due 2038 (subject to earlier repayment at the option of the holder).
in addition, as of december 31, 2015, we had $650.3 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes of our wholly owned subsidiary, ventas canada finance limited, and guaranteed by ventas, inc. outstanding as follows:
•   $289.0 million (cad 400.0 million) principal amount of 3.00% senior notes, series a due 2019;
•   $180.6 million (cad 250.0 million) principal amount of 3.300% senior notes due 2022; and
•   $180.6 million (cad 250.0 million) principal amount of 4.125% senior notes, series b due 2024.
in january 2015, we issued and sold $600.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.500% senior notes due 2025 at a public offering price equal to 99.663% of par, for total proceeds of $598.0 million before the underwriting discount and expenses, and $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.375% senior notes due 2045 at a public offering price equal to 99.500% of par, for total proceeds of $298.5 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
also in january 2015, ventas canada finance limited, issued and sold cad 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.30% senior notes, series c due 2022 at an offering price equal to 99.992% of par, for total proceeds of cad 250.0 million before the agent fees and expenses. the notes were offered on a private placement basis in canada.
in may 2015, we repaid in full, at par, $234.4 million aggregate principal amount then outstanding of our 6% senior notes due 2015 upon maturity.
in july 2015, we issued and sold $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes due 2026 at a public offering price equal to 99.218% of par, for total proceeds of $496.1 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in september 2015, we redeemed all $400.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 3.125% senior notes due november 2015 at a redemption price equal to 100.7% of par, plus accrued and unpaid interest to the redemption date, and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.9 million.
2014 activity in april 2014, ventas realty issued and sold $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.250% senior notes due 2017 at a public offering price equal to 99.815% of par, for total proceeds of $299.4 million before the underwriting discount and expenses, and $400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.750% senior notes due 2024 at a public offering price equal to 99.304% of par, for total proceeds of $397.2 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in september 2014, ventas canada finance limited issued and sold cad 400.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.00% senior notes, series a due 2019 at an offering price equal to 99.713% of par, for total proceeds of cad 398.9 million before the agent fees and expenses, and cad 250.0 million aggregate principal amount of 4.125% senior notes, series b due 2024 at an offering price equal to 99.601% of par, for total proceeds of cad 249.0 million before the agent fees and expenses. the notes were offered on a private placement basis in canada.
2013 activity in february 2013, we repaid in full, at par, $270.0 million principal amount then outstanding of our 6.25% senior notes due 2013 upon maturity.
in march 2013, we issued and sold: $258.8 million aggregate principal amount of 5.45% senior notes due 2043 at a public offering price equal to par, for total proceeds of $258.8 million before the underwriting discounts and expenses; and $500.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2.700% senior notes due 2020 at a public offering price equal to 99.942% of par, for total proceeds of $499.7 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
in september 2013, we issued and sold: $550.0 million aggregate principal amount of 1.55% senior notes due 2016 at a public offering price equal to 99.910% of par, for total proceeds of $549.5 million before the underwriting discount and expenses; and $300.0 million aggregate principal amount of 5.70% senior notes due 2043 at a public offering price equal to 99.628% of par, for total proceeds of $298.9 million before the underwriting discount and expenses.
72
we may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding senior notes for cash or in exchange for equity securities in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions, prospects for future access to capital and other factors. the amounts involved may be material.
the indentures governing our outstanding senior notes require us to comply with various financial and other restrictive covenants. see "note 10-borrowing arrangements" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k. we were in compliance with all of these covenants at december 31, 2015.
mortgage loan obligations as of december 31, 2015 and 2014, our consolidated aggregate principal amount of mortgage debt outstanding was $2.0 billion and $2.3 billion, respectively, of which our share was $1.9 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively.
during 2015, we repaid in full mortgage loans in the aggregate principal amount of $461.9 million and a weighted average maturity of 2.1 years and recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $9.9 million in connection with these repayments.
during 2014, we assumed or incurred mortgage debt of $246.8 million and repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $398.0 million. we recognized a net loss on extinguishment of debt of $2.3 million in connection with these repayments.
during 2013, we assumed or incurred mortgage debt of $178.8 million in connection with our $1.8 billion of gross investments, and we repaid in full mortgage loans outstanding in the aggregate principal amount of $493.7 million. we recognized a net gain on extinguishment of debt of $0.5 million in connection with these repayments.
see "note 4-acquisitions of real estate property" and "note 10-borrowing arrangements" of the notes to consolidated financial statements included in item 8 of this annual report on form 10-k.
dividends in order to continue to qualify as a reit, we must make annual distributions to our stockholders of at least 90% of our reit taxable income (excluding net capital gain). in 2015, our board of directors declared and we paid cash dividends on our common stock aggregating $3.04 per share, which exceeds 100% of our 2015 estimated taxable income after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards. we intend to pay dividends greater than 100% of our taxable income, after the use of any net operating loss carryforwards, for 2016. on august 17, 2015, we also distributed a stock dividend of one ccp common share for every four shares of ventas common stock held as of the distribution record date of august 10, 2015. the stock dividend was valued at $8.51 per ventas share based on the opening price of ccp stock on its first day of regular-way trading on the new york stock exchange.
we expect that our cash flows will exceed our reit taxable income due to depreciation and other non-cash deductions in computing reit taxable income and that we will be able to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement. however, from time to time, we may not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to meet this requirement or we may decide to retain cash or distribute such greater amount as may be necessary to avoid income and excise taxation. if we do not have sufficient cash on hand or other liquid assets to enable us to satisfy the 90% distribution requirement, or if we desire to retain cash, we may borrow funds, issue additional equity securities, pay taxable stock dividends, if possible, distribute other property or securities or engage in a transaction intended to enable us to meet the reit distribution requirements or any combination of the foregoing. see "certain u.s. federal income tax considerations-requirements for qualification as a reit-annual distribution requirements" included in part i, item 1 of this annual report on form 10-k.
capital expenditures the terms of our triple-net leases generally obligate our tenants to pay all capital expenditures necessary to maintain and improve our triple-net leased properties. however, from time to time, we may fund the capital expenditures for our triple-net leased properties through loans to the tenants or advances, which may increase the amount of rent payable with respect to the properties in certain cases. we expect to fund any capital expenditures for which we may become responsible upon expiration of our triple-net leases or in the event that our tenants are unable or unwilling to meet their obligations under those leases with cash flows from operations or through additional borrowings.
we also expect to fund capital expenditures related to our senior living operations and mob operations reportable business segments with the cash flows from the properties or through additional borrowings. to the extent that unanticipated capital expenditure needs arise or significant borrowings are required, our liquidity may be affected adversely. our ability to
73
borrow additional funds may be restricted in certain circumstances by the terms of the instruments governing our outstanding indebtedness.
we are party to certain agreements that obligate us to develop seniors housing or healthcare properties funded through capital that we and, in certain circumstances, our joint venture partners provide. as of december 31, 2015, we had four properties under development pursuant to these agreements, including two properties that are owned by an unconsolidated real estate entity. through december 31, 2015, we have funded $15.5 million of our share of estimated total commitment over the projected development period ($69.0 million to $72.9 million) toward these projects. in addition, from time to time, we engage in redevelopment projects with respect to our existing seniors housing communities to maximize the value, increase noi, maintain a market-competitive position, achieve property stabilization or change the primary use of the property.
equity offerings and related events in march 2013, we established an "at-the-market" ("atm") equity offering program through which we could sell from time to time up to an aggregate of $750 million of our common stock. in january 2015, we issued and sold 3,750,202 shares of common stock under our previous atm equity offering program for aggregate net proceeds of $285.4 million, after sales agent commissions of $4.4 million. in march 2015, we replaced our previous shelf registration statement that was scheduled to expire in accordance with the sec's rules with a new universal shelf registration statement, rendering our previous atm program inaccessible. in connection with our new universal shelf registration statement, we established a new atm program pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate of $1.0 billion of our common stock. through the remainder of 2015 and in the first quarter of 2016 we have issued and sold a total of 5,084,302 shares of our common stock under our atm equity offering program for aggregate net proceeds of $297.0 million, after sales agent commissions of $4.5 million.
other we received proceeds of $6.4 million and $26.2 million for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014, respectively, from the exercises of outstanding stock options. future proceeds from the exercises of stock options will be affected primarily by the future trading price of our common stock and the number of options outstanding. the number of options outstanding increased to 3,051,729 as of december 31, 2015, from 2,460,628 as of december 31, 2014. the weighted average exercise price was $52.62 as of december 31, 2015.
we issued approximately 19,000 shares of common stock under our distribution reinvestment and stock purchase plan ("drip") for net proceeds of $1.2 million for the year ended december 31, 2014. the drip was suspended effective july 3, 2014. we may determine whether or not to reinstate the drip at any time, in our sole discretion.
cash flows the following table sets forth our sources and uses of cash flows for the years ended december 31, 2015 and 2014:
for the year endeddecember 31,                     increase (decrease)to cash
2015                                                                                         2014                                                      $              %
(dollars in thousands)
cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                            $55,348                       $94,816                 $(39,468      )          (41.6   )%
net cash provided by operating activities                                 1,391,767                     1,254,845                  136,922          10.9
net cash used in investing activities                                    (2,423,692      )             (2,055,040      )          (368,652      )          (17.9   )
net cash provided by financing activities                                 1,030,122                       758,057                  272,065          35.9
effect of foreign currency translation on cash and cash equivalents            (522      )                  2,670                   (3,192      )             nm cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                  $53,023                       $55,348                   (2,325      )           (4.2   )
nm-not meaningful cash flows from operating activities cash flows from operating activities increased in 2015 over the prior year primarily due to 2014 and 2015 acquisitions, payments received from tenants in 2015 and increases in fee income, partially offset by increased merger-related expenses and deal costs and a full year's results in 2014 from the properties that were spun off to ccp.
74
cash flows from investing activities cash used in investing activities during 2015 and 2014 consisted primarily of cash paid for our investments in real estate ($2.7 billion and $1.5 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively), investments in loans receivable ($171.1 million and $499.0 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively), purchase of marketable securities ($96.7 million in 2014), capital expenditures ($107.5 million and $87.5 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively), development project expenditures ($119.7 million and $107.0 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively) and investment in unconsolidated operating entity ($26.3 million in 2015). these uses were partially offset by proceeds from loans receivable ($109.2 million and $73.6 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively), proceeds from the sale or maturity of marketable debt securities ($76.8 million and $21.7 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively), and proceeds from real estate dispositions ($492.4 million and $118.2 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively).
cash flows from financing activities cash provided by financing activities during 2015 and 2014 consisted primarily of net borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility ($540.2 million in 2014), net proceeds from the issuance of debt ($2.5 billion and $2.0 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively), proceeds of debt related to the ccp spin-off ($1.4 billion in 2015) and net proceeds from the issuance of common stock ($491.0 million and $242.1 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively). these cash inflows were partially offset by debt repayments ($1.4 billion and $1.2 billion in 2015 and 2014, respectively), cash distributions to common stockholders, unitholders and noncontrolling interest parties ($1.0 billion and $890.9 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively), net payments made on our unsecured revolving credit facility ($723.5 million in 2015), net cash impact of the ccp spin-off ($128.7 million in 2015) and payments for deferred financing costs ($24.7 million and $14.2 million in 2015 and 2014, respectively).
contractual obligations the following table summarizes the effect that minimum debt (which includes principal and interest payments) and other material noncancelable commitments are expected to have on our cash flow in future periods as of december 31, 2015:
total           less than 1year (4)            1 - 3 years (5)            3 - 5 years (6)          more than 5years (7)
(in thousands)
long-term debt obligations (1) (2) (3)                        $14,603,925               $1,020,977                  $2,770,287                 $3,867,824                   $6,944,837
operating obligations, including ground lease obligations         629,512                   31,346                      44,840                     33,372                      519,954
total                                                         $15,233,437               $1,052,323                  $2,815,127                 $3,901,196                   $7,464,791
(1)   amounts represent contractual amounts due, including interest.
(2)   interest on variable rate debt was based on forward rates obtained as of december 31, 2015.
(3)   excludes $22.9 million of mortgage debt related to real estate assets classified as held for sale as of december 31, 2015 that is scheduled to mature in 2016 and 2017.
(4)   includes $550.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 1.55% senior notes due 2016.
(5)   includes $300.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 1.250% senior notes due 2017, $180.7 million of borrowings outstanding on our unsecured revolving credit facility, $700.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 2.00% senior notes due 2018 and $200.0 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2018.
(6)   includes $468.5 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2019, $600.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 4.00% senior notes due 2019, $289.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 3.00% senior notes, series a due 2019, $500.0 million outstanding principal amount of our 2.700% senior notes due 2020 and $900.0 million of borrowings under our unsecured term loan due 2020.
(7)   includes $4.6 billion aggregate principal amount outstanding of our senior notes maturing between 2021 and 2045. $52.4 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 6.90% senior notes due 2037 are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on october 1 in each of 2017 and 2027, and $23.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of our 6.59% senior notes due 2038 are subject to repurchase, at the option of the holders, on july 7 in each of 2018, 2023 and 2028.
as of december 31, 2015, we had $24.1 million of unrecognized tax benefits that are excluded from the table above, as we are unable to make a reasonable reliable estimate of the period of cash settlement, if any, with the respective tax authority.
75
