item 1a.    risk factors in addition to the other information in this report and our other filings with the sec, you should carefully consider the risks described below, which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. these risks are not the only risks that we face. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial.
reductions in third party reimbursement levels, from private or governmental agency plans, and potential changes in industry pricing benchmarks for prescription drugs could adversely affect our results of operations.
the substantial majority of the prescriptions we fill are reimbursed by third party payers, including private and governmental agency payers. the continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, governmental agencies, and other third party payers to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates, as well as litigation relating to how drugs are priced, may adversely impact our results of operations. in the united states, plan changes with rate adjustments often occur in january and our reimbursement arrangements may provide for rate adjustments at prescribed intervals during their term. in addition, some of these entities may offer pricing terms that we may not be willing to accept or otherwise restrict our participation in their networks of pharmacy providers.
- 7 -
in the united states, certain provisions of the deficit reduction act of 2005 sought to reduce federal spending by altering amp (the medicaid reimbursement formula for multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs). while those reductions did not go into effect, the aca, which was signed into law on march 23, 2010, enacted a modified amp reimbursement formula for multi-source drugs that significantly affects reimbursement calculations. the modified formula, when implemented, is expected to reduce medicaid reimbursements, which could adversely affect our results of operations. the centers for medicare and medicaid services ("cms") is preparing to use the modified reimbursement formula to calculate a u.s. federal ceiling on reimbursement rates for multi-source drugs to pharmacies under the medicaid program, and posts draft federal upper limit ("ful") reimbursement files on the cms website that are calculated based on the requirements of the health reform legislation. as of the date of this report, these draft ful files are for review and comment only; however, cms has announced that it plans to publish final fuls after a period of releasing them in draft format. cms has issued proposed regulations to implement the aca's provisions regarding medicaid reimbursement to pharmacies, but to date the regulations have not been finalized. there have also been a number of other proposals and enactments by the federal government and various states to reduce medicare part d and medicaid reimbursement levels in response to budget deficits, and we expect additional proposals in the future.
many payers in the united states are increasingly considering new metrics as the basis for reimbursement rates, such as average sales price, average manufacturer price, and actual acquisition cost. for example, cms now makes national average drug acquisition cost data, which reflect retail community pharmacy invoice costs, publicly available on a regular basis. cms has indicated that state medicaid agencies can use this information to compare their own reimbursement and pricing methodologies and rates to those derived from the survey data. there can be no assurance that recent or future changes in prescription drug reimbursement policies and practices will not materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
a shift in pharmacy mix toward lower margin plans and programs could adversely affect our results of operations.
a shift in the mix of pharmacy prescription volume towards programs offering lower reimbursement rates could adversely affect our results of operations. our retail pharmacy usa division continued to experience a shift in pharmacy mix towards 90-day at retail in fiscal 2015 and that trend is expected to continue in fiscal 2016. our 90-day at retail offering for patients with chronic prescription needs typically is at a lower margin than comparable 30-day prescriptions. additionally, we have accepted lower reimbursement rates in order to secure preferred relationships with medicare part d plans serving senior patients with significant pharmacy needs. if we are not able to generate additional prescription volume and other business from patients participating in these programs that is sufficient to offset the impact of lower reimbursement, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.
we could be adversely affected by a decrease in the introduction of new brand name and generic prescription drugs.
new brand name drugs can result in increased drug utilization and associated sales revenues, while the introduction of lower priced generic alternatives typically results in relatively lower sales revenues, but higher gross profit margins. accordingly, a decrease in the number of significant new brand name drugs or generics successfully introduced could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
generic drug inflation could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the united states.
overall increases in the amounts we pay to procure generic drugs, commonly referred to as generic drug inflation, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, including particularly those of our retail pharmacy usa division. our gross profit margins would be adversely affected by generic inflation to the extent we are not able to offset such cost increases. we experienced a shift from historical patterns of deflation in generic drug costs to inflation in fiscal 2014, when we experienced cost increases on a subset of generic drugs that in some cases were significant. this generic inflation continued with respect to certain generic drugs in fiscal 2015. any failure to fully offset any such increased prices and costs or to modify our activities to mitigate the impact could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
- 8 -
we derive a significant portion of our sales in the united states from prescription drug sales reimbursed by pharmacy benefit management companies.
we derive a significant portion of our sales in the united states from prescription drug sales reimbursed through prescription drug plans administered by pbm companies. pbm companies typically administer multiple prescription drug plans that expire at various times and provide for varying reimbursement rates, and often limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, known as a formulary, which might not include all of the approved drugs for a particular indication. there can be no assurance that we will continue to participate in any particular pbm company's pharmacy provider network in any particular future time period. if our participation in the pharmacy provider network for a prescription drug plan administered by one or more of the large pbm companies is restricted or terminated, we expect that our sales would be adversely affected, at least in the short-term. if we are unable to replace any such lost sales, either through an increase in other sales or through a resumption of participation in those plans, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected. if we exit a pharmacy provider network and later resume participation, there can be no assurance that we will achieve any particular level of business on any particular pace, or that all clients of the pbm company will choose to include us again in the pharmacy network for their plans, initially or at all. in addition, in such circumstances we may incur increased marketing and other costs in connection with initiatives to regain former patients and attract new patients covered by such plans.
consolidation and strategic alliances in the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business operations, competitive positioning, financial condition and results of operations.
many organizations in the healthcare industry, including pbm companies and health insurance companies, have consolidated in recent years to create larger healthcare enterprises with greater bargaining power, which has resulted in greater pricing pressures. for example, in july 2015, optumrx, unitedhealth group's pharmacy care services business, completed its combination with catamaran corporation, with the combined businesses expected to fulfill over one billion prescriptions in 2015 and be the third largest pbm company in the united states. in addition, significant business combinations within the health insurance industry were announced in july 2015, with anthem, inc. announcing its agreement to acquire cigna corporation, and aetna, inc. announcing its agreement to acquire humana inc., with the resulting enterprises expected to be two of the three largest health insurers in the united states. if this consolidation trend continues, it could give the resulting enterprises even greater bargaining power, which may lead to further pressure on the prices for our products and services. if these pressures result in reductions in our prices, our businesses would become less profitable unless we are able to achieve corresponding reductions in costs.
strategic alliances in the healthcare industry also impact our businesses and competitive positioning. for example, following the announcement of our agreement with amerisourcebergen providing for, among other things, generic drug purchasing by walgreens, alliance boots and amerisourcebergen through wbad, our global sourcing enterprise, some of our retail pharmacy competitors subsequently established relationships with other pharmaceutical drug wholesalers relating to generic drug procurement. in addition, further consolidation among generic drug manufacturers could lead to increased generic drug inflation in the future. we expect that market demand, government regulation, third-party reimbursement policies, government contracting requirements, and other pressures will continue to cause the healthcare industry to evolve, potentially resulting in further business consolidations and alliances among the industry participants we engage with, and which may materially and adversely impact our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we may not be able to successfully or timely complete the pending acquisition of rite aid.
risks and uncertainties related to our pending acquisition of rite aid include, among others: the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement including the failure of rite aid to obtain the approval of its stockholders of the transaction; that regulatory or other approvals required for the transaction are not obtained; that litigation may be filed which could prevent or delay the transaction; and that uncertainty regarding the transaction may adversely affect our and rite aid's relationships with suppliers, payers, customers and other third parties with which we or rite aid do business.
completion of the transaction is subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions set forth in the merger agreement, including the expiration or termination of applicable waiting periods (and any extensions thereof) under the hart-scott- rodino antitrust improvements act of 1976, as amended, approval of the transaction by rite aid stockholders, no material adverse effect having occurred with respect to rite aid prior to the closing of the transaction and other customary conditions. we will be unable to complete the pending acquisition of rite aid until each of the conditions to closing is either satisfied or waived. in deciding whether or not to object to the transaction, regulatory agencies have broad discretion in administering the applicable governing regulations. as a condition to their approval of the transaction, these agencies may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of our business after consummation of the transaction. these requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions may reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction or affect our results of operations after the closing of the transaction. further, we can provide no assurance that we will obtain the necessary approvals or that any such conditions that are imposed would not diminish the anticipated benefits of the transaction or result in the termination of the transaction. in the event that the transaction is not completed due to the failure to obtain antitrust clearance, we could be required to pay rite aid a termination fee of $325 million or $650 million in certain circumstances.
while our acquisition of rite aid is pending, it creates uncertainty that may adversely affect our business and results of operations, including with respect to our relationships with suppliers, payers, customers and other third parties with which we do business. further, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant costs, expenses and fees for professional services and other transaction costs in connection with the pending transaction, as well as the diversion of management resources, for which we will receive little or no benefit if the closing of the transaction does not occur.
if we complete our pending acquisition of rite aid, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction which could adversely impact our results of operations.
we entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the transaction will result in various benefits, including, among other things, cost savings and operating efficiencies. the achievement of the anticipated benefits of the transaction is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether rite aid's business can be integrated into ours in an efficient and effective manner. if the rite aid transaction is completed, we can provide no assurance that the anticipated benefits of the transaction, including cost savings and synergies, will be fully realized in the time frame anticipated or at all; the costs or difficulties related to the integration of rite aid's business and operations into ours will not be greater than expected; unanticipated costs, charges and expenses will not result from the transaction; litigation relating to the transaction will not be filed; we will be able to retain key personnel; and the transaction will not cause disruption to the parties' business and operations and relationships with employees and suppliers, payers, customers and other third parties with which we do business. if one or more of these risks are realized, it could have a material adverse impact on our operating results.
the anticipated strategic and financial benefits of our acquisition of alliance boots may not be realized.
walgreens and alliance boots entered into the purchase and option agreement dated june 18, 2012, as amended on august 5, 2014 (as amended, the "purchase and option agreement"), and consummated the first and second step transactions contemplated thereby, with the expectation that the transactions would result in various benefits including, among other things, procurement cost savings and operating efficiencies, revenue synergies, increased innovation, sharing of best practices, and a strengthened market position that may serve as a platform for future growth. the processes and initiatives needed to achieve these potential benefits are complex, costly, and time consuming, and we have not previously completed a transaction comparable in size or scope. many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately. achieving the expected benefits of the alliance boots transaction is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including, without limitation, whether unique corporate cultures will work collaboratively in an efficient and effective manner, the coordination of geographically separate organizations, the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding potential synergies and the integration process, unforeseen expenses or delays, and competitive factors in the marketplace.
prior to the alliance boots acquisition on december 31, 2014, alliance boots was a privately-held company and was not subject to the information and reporting requirements of the securities exchange act of 1934, as amended and other federal securities laws, and the compliance obligations of the sarbanes-oxley act of 2002. compliance with these new obligations as a result of alliance boots becoming a part of a public company has required and may continue to require significant resources and management attention, and any failure to comply could have a material adverse effect on us. in addition, some current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their roles within the combined company, which may adversely affect our ability to retain or recruit key managers and other employees. we could also encounter unforeseen transaction and integration-related costs or other circumstances, such as unforeseen liabilities or other issues existing or arising with respect to the business of alliance boots or otherwise resulting from the transaction. many of these potential circumstances are outside of our control and any of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenue, decreased synergies and the diversion of management time and attention. if we are unable to achieve our objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the expected benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, we have incurred significant transaction costs related to the acquisition and have incurred and will continue to incur integration and related costs as we integrate the alliance boots businesses. these integration and acquisition-related costs, including legal, accounting, financial and tax advisory and other fees and costs, may be higher than expected and some of these costs may be material.
- 9 -
our operations outside of the united states subject us to a number of operating, economic, political, regulatory and other international business risks.
together with our equity method investments, we had a presence in over 25 countries as of august 31, 2015. the strategic combination with alliance boots in december 2014 greatly increased the importance of international business to our operations, growth and prospects as, historically, substantially all of walgreens' business operations had been conducted within the united states and its territories. a substantial portion of alliance boots' revenues are generated in the european union and neighboring countries, and substantially all of alliance boots' revenues are generated outside the united states. our international business operations are subject to a number of risks, including:
·   compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including retail and wholesale pharmacy, licensing, tax, foreign trade, intellectual property, privacy and data protection, currency, political and other business restrictions and requirements and local laws and regulations, whose interpretation and enforcement vary significantly among jurisdictions and can change significantly over time;

·   additional u.s. and other regulation of non-domestic operations, including regulation under the foreign corrupt practices act, the u.k. bribery act and other anti-corruption laws;

·   potential difficulties in managing foreign operations, mitigating credit risks in foreign markets, enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;

·   price controls imposed by foreign countries;

·   tariffs, duties or other restrictions on foreign currencies or trade sanctions and other trade barriers imposed by foreign countries;

·   potential adverse tax consequences, including tax withholding laws and policies and restrictions on repatriation of funds to the united states;

·   fluctuations in currency exchange rates, including uncertainty regarding the euro;

·   impact of recessions and economic slowdowns in economies outside the united states, including foreign currency devaluation, higher interest rates, inflation, and increased government regulation or ownership of traditional private businesses;

·   the instability of foreign economies, governments and currencies and unexpected regulatory, economic or political changes in foreign markets; and

·   developing and emerging markets may be especially vulnerable to periods of instability and unexpected changes, and consumers in those markets may have relatively limited resources to spend on products and services.

these factors can also adversely affect our payers, vendors and customers in international markets, which in turn can negatively impact our businesses. we cannot assure you that one or more of these factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business operations, results of operation or financial condition.
our significant operations outside of the united states also expose us to currency exchange rate fluctuations and related risks, including transaction currency exposures relating to the import and export of goods in currencies other than businesses' functional currencies as well as currency translation exposures relating to profits and net assets denominated in currencies other than the u.s. dollar. we present our financial statements in u.s. dollars and, since the completion of the strategic combination with alliance boots in december 2014, have had a significant proportion of net assets and income in non-u.s. dollar currencies, primarily british pounds sterling and the euro, as well as a range of emerging market currencies. our results of operations and capital ratios can therefore be sensitive to movements in foreign exchange rates. due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon our future results of operations. in addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the u.s. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. a depreciation of non-u.s. dollar currencies relative to the u.s. dollar could have a significant adverse impact on our results of operations.
- 10 -
we may from time to time, in some instances enter into foreign currency contracts or other derivative instruments intended to hedge a portion of our foreign currency fluctuation risks, which subjects us to additional risks such as the risk that counterparties may fail to honor their obligations to us. additionally, we may (and currently do) use foreign currency borrowings to hedge some of our foreign currency fluctuation risks. the periodic use of such hedging activities may not offset any or more than a portion of the adverse financial effects of unfavorable movements in foreign exchange rates over the limited time the hedges are in place. we cannot assure you that fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, including particularly the strengthening of the u.s. dollar against major currencies or the currencies of large developing countries, will not materially affect our consolidated financial results.
our business results depend on our ability to successfully manage ongoing organizational change and achieve cost savings initiatives.
in april 2015, our board of directors approved a plan to implement the cost transformation program described in md&a in part ii, item 7 below as part of an initiative to reduce costs and increase operating efficiencies. there can be no assurance that we will realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits of this program. our financial goals assume a level of productivity improvement, including those reflected in our cost transformation program and other business optimization initiatives. if we are unable to deliver these expected productivity improvements, while continuing to invest in business growth, our financial results could be adversely impacted. our ability to successfully manage and execute these initiatives and realize expected savings and benefits in the amounts and at the times anticipated is important to our business success. any failure to do so, which could result from our inability to successfully execute plans, changes in global or regional economic conditions, competition, changes in the industries in which we compete, unanticipated costs or charges, loss of key personnel and other factors described herein, could have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations.
disruption in our global supply chain could negatively impact our businesses.
the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international vendors, and any future disruption in our supply chain or inability to find qualified vendors and access products that meet requisite quality and safety standards in a timely and efficient manner could adversely impact our businesses. the loss or disruption of such supply arrangements for any reason, including for issues such as labor disputes, loss or impairment of key manufacturing sites, inability to procure sufficient raw materials, quality control issues, ethical sourcing issues, the supplier's financial distress, natural disasters, civil unrest or acts of war or terrorism or other external factors over which we have no control, could interrupt product supply and, if not effectively managed and remedied, have a material adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we use a single wholesaler of branded and generic pharmaceutical drugs as our primary source of such products for our retail pharmacy usa division.
on march 19, 2013, walgreens, alliance boots and amerisourcebergen announced various agreements and arrangements, including a ten-year pharmaceutical distribution agreement between walgreens and amerisourcebergen pursuant to which walgreens sources branded and generic pharmaceutical products from amerisourcebergen; an agreement which provides amerisourcebergen the ability to access generics and related pharmaceutical products through wbad, a global sourcing enterprise established by walgreens and alliance boots; and agreements and arrangements pursuant to which we have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase a minority equity position in amerisourcebergen and gain associated representation on amerisourcebergen's board of directors in certain circumstances. as of the date of this report, amerisourcebergen distributes for our retail pharmacy usa division all branded pharmaceutical products that walgreens historically sourced from suppliers and distributors as well as substantially all generic pharmaceutical products that walgreens previously self-distributed. consequently, our business in the united states may be adversely affected by any operational, financial or regulatory difficulties that amerisourcebergen experiences. for example, if amerisourcebergen's operations are seriously disrupted for any reason, whether due to a natural disaster, labor disruption, regulatory action, computer or operational systems or otherwise, it could adversely affect our business in the united states and our results of operations.
our distribution agreement with amerisourcebergen is subject to early termination in certain circumstances and, upon the expiration or termination of the agreement, there can be no assurance that we or amerisourcebergen will be willing to renew the agreement or enter into a new agreement, on terms favorable to us or at all. if such expiration or termination occurred, we believe that alternative sources of supply for most generic and brand-name pharmaceuticals are readily available and that we could obtain and qualify alternative sources, which may include resuming self-distribution in some cases, for substantially all of the prescription drugs we sell on an acceptable basis, such that the impact of any expiration or termination would be temporary. however, there can be no assurance we would be able to engage alternative supply sources or implement self-distribution processes on a timely basis or on terms favorable to us, or effectively manage these transitions, any of which could adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
- 11 -
the anticipated strategic and financial benefits of our relationship with amerisourcebergen may not be realized.
walgreens entered into the arrangement with amerisourcebergen and alliance boots with the expectation that the transactions contemplated thereby would result in various benefits including, among other things, procurement cost savings and operating efficiencies, innovation and sharing of best practices. the processes and initiatives needed to achieve these potential benefits are complex, costly and time-consuming. many of the anticipated synergies and expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time. achieving the anticipated benefits from the arrangement is subject to a number of significant challenges and uncertainties, including the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations, processes or initiatives, or the inability to realize and/or delays in realizing potential benefits and synergies, whether unique corporate cultures of separate organizations will work collaboratively in an efficient and effective manner, unforeseen expenses or delays, and competitive factors in the marketplace.
in addition, we have the right, but not the obligation, under the transactions contemplated by the framework agreement dated as of march 18, 2013 by and among the company, alliance boots and amerisourcebergen (the "framework agreement") to invest in the equity of amerisourcebergen. there can be no assurance that we will complete any specific level of such potential equity investments in amerisourcebergen, or exercise our warrants to acquire amerisourcebergen common stock when they are exercisable, or that if completed, that such investments will ultimately be profitable. if such investments are completed and the price of amerisourcebergen common stock subsequently declines substantially, we could experience a loss on or impairment of such investment, which could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. we could also encounter unforeseen costs, circumstances or issues existing or arising with respect to the transactions and collaboration we anticipate resulting from the framework agreement. many of these potential circumstances are outside of our control and any of them could result in increased costs, decreased revenue, decreased synergies and the diversion of management time and attention. if we are unable to achieve our objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the expected benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
from time to time, we make investments in companies over which we do not have sole control, including our investment in amerisourcebergen. some of these companies may operate in sectors that differ from our current operations and have different risks.
from time to time, we make debt or equity investments in other companies that we may not control or over which we may not have sole control. for example, while we beneficially own approximately 5% of the outstanding common stock and have a designee serving on the board of directors of amerisourcebergen, we do not and will not have the ability to control day-to-day operations of that company. although the businesses in which we have made non-controlling investments often have a significant health and daily living or prescription drug component, some of them operate in businesses that are different from our primary lines of business and/or operate in different geographic markets than we do. investments in these businesses, among other risks, subject us to the operating and financial risks of the businesses we invest in and to the risk that we do not have sole control over the operations of these businesses.
from time to time, we may make additional investments in or acquire other entities that may subject us to similar risks. the completion of the second step transaction increased our and our stockholders' effective interest in certain equity method investments and other investments of alliance boots over which alliance boots does not exercise control. we rely on the internal controls and financial reporting controls of these entities and their failure to maintain effectiveness or comply with applicable standards may materially and adversely affect us. investments in entities over which we do not have sole control, including joint ventures and strategic alliances, present additional risks such as having differing objectives from our partners or the entities in which we are invested, becoming involved in disputes, or competing with those persons.
changes in economic conditions could adversely affect consumer buying practices.
our performance has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted by changes in global, national, regional or local economic conditions and consumer confidence. these conditions can also adversely affect our key vendors and customers. external factors that affect consumer confidence and over which we exercise no influence include unemployment rates, levels of personal disposable income, and global, national, regional or local economic conditions, as well as acts of war or terrorism. changes in economic conditions and consumer confidence could adversely affect consumer preferences, purchasing power and spending patterns, which could lead to a decrease in overall consumer spending. in addition, reduced or flat consumer spending may drive us and our competitors to offer additional products at promotional prices. all of these factors could materially and adversely impact our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
- 12 -
european economic conditions together with austerity measures being taken by certain european governments could adversely affect us.
the acquisition of alliance boots significantly increased our assets and operations within europe and, accordingly, our exposure to economic conditions in europe. a further slowdown within the european economy could affect our businesses in europe by reducing the prices our customers may be able or willing to pay for our products and services or by reducing the demand for our products and services, either of which could result in a material adverse impact on our results of operations. in addition, in many european countries, the government provides or subsidizes healthcare to consumers and regulates pharmaceutical prices, patient eligibility, and reimbursement levels to control costs for the government-sponsored healthcare system. in recent years, in response to the economic environment and financial crisis in europe, a number of european governments have announced or implemented austerity measures to reduce healthcare spending and constrain overall government expenditures. these measures, which include efforts aimed at reforming healthcare coverage and reducing healthcare costs, continue to exert pressure on the pricing of and reimbursement timelines for pharmaceutical drugs. countries with existing austerity measures may impose additional laws, regulations, or requirements on the healthcare industry. in addition, european governments that have not yet imposed austerity measures may impose them in the future. any new austerity measures may be similar to or vary in scope and nature from existing austerity measures and could have a material adverse effect on our international business operations and results of operations.
the industries in which we operate are highly competitive.
the level of competition among retail pharmacies and pharmaceutical wholesalers is high. changes in market dynamics or actions of competitors or manufacturers, including industry consolidation and the emergence of new competitors, could materially and adversely impact us. our retail pharmacy businesses face intense competition from local, regional, national and global companies, including other drugstore and pharmacy chains, independent drugstores and pharmacies, mail-order prescription providers and various other retailers such as grocery stores, convenience stores, mass merchants, online and omni-channel pharmacies and retailers, warehouse clubs, dollar stores and other discount merchandisers, some of which are aggressively expanding in markets we serve. businesses in our pharmaceutical wholesale division face intense competition from direct competitors, including national and regional cooperative wholesalers, and alternative supply sources such as importers and manufacturers who supply directly to pharmacies. competition may also come from other sources in the future. as competition increases in the markets in which we operate, a significant increase in general pricing pressures could occur, which could require us to reevaluate our pricing structures to remain competitive. for example, if we are not able to anticipate and successfully respond to changes in market conditions in our pharmaceutical wholesale division, including changes driven by competitors, suppliers or manufacturers, it could result in a loss of customers or renewal of contracts or arrangements on less favorable terms. any failure to anticipate and timely and appropriately respond to evolving market conditions could result in decreased revenue and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.
if the merchandise and services that we offer fail to meet customer needs, our sales may be adversely affected.
we could be adversely affected by changes in consumer spending levels and shopping habits and preferences, including attitudes towards our retail and product brands. the success of our retail pharmacy businesses depends on our ability to offer a superior shopping experience, a quality assortment of available merchandise, and superior customer service. we must identify, obtain supplies of, and offer to our customers attractive, innovative and high-quality merchandise on a continuous basis. our products and services must satisfy the needs and desires of our customers, whose preferences may change in the future. it is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand. if we misjudge either the demand for products and services we sell or our customers' purchasing habits and tastes, we may be faced with excess inventories of some products and missed opportunities for products and services we chose not to offer. in addition, our sales may decline or we may be required to sell the merchandise we have obtained at lower prices. failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our customers and the demand for our products and services, which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations.
- 13 -
our private brand offerings expose us to various additional risks.
in addition to brand name products, we offer our customers private brand products that are not available from other retailers. we seek to continue to grow our exclusive private brand offerings as part of our growth strategy, including through the expanded offering of boots no7 and other brands owned or licensed on an exclusive basis, as well as through selective acquisitions. maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of our private brand offerings for our customers is important in differentiating us from other retailers and developing and maintaining customer loyalty. although we believe that our private brand products offer value to our customers and typically provide us with higher gross margins than comparable national brand products we sell, the expansion of our private brand offerings also subjects us to additional risks, such as potential product liability risks and mandatory or voluntary product recalls; our ability to successfully protect our proprietary rights and successfully navigate and avoid claims related to the proprietary rights of third parties; our ability to successfully administer and comply with applicable contractual obligations and regulatory requirements; and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. an increase in sales of our private brands may also adversely affect sales of our vendors' products, which, in turn, could adversely affect our relationship with certain of our vendors. any failure to adequately address some or all of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, results of operations and financial condition.
if we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omni-channel experience for our customers, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely impacted.
our business has evolved from an in-store experience to interaction with customers across numerous channels, including in-store, online, mobile and social media, among others. omni-channel retailing is rapidly evolving and we must keep pace with changing customer expectations and new developments by our competitors. our customers are increasingly using computers, tablets, mobile phones, and other devices to comparison shop, determine product availability and complete purchases online. we must compete by offering a consistent and convenient shopping experience for our customers regardless of the ultimate sales channel and by investing in, providing and maintaining digital tools for our customers that have the right features and are reliable and easy to use. if we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant customer-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. in addition, if our online activities or our other customer-facing technology systems do not function as designed, we may experience a loss of customer confidence, data security breaches, lost sales, or be exposed to fraudulent purchases, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, reputation and results of operations.
we may be constrained if we are unable to find suitable new store locations at acceptable prices or by the terms of our current leases.
our ability to grow our retail pharmacy businesses may be constrained if suitable new store locations cannot be identified with lease terms or purchase prices that are acceptable to us. we compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our stores. local land use and other regulations applicable to the types of stores we desire to construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations and influence the cost of constructing our stores. the termination or expiration of leases at existing store locations may adversely affect us if the renewal terms of those leases are unacceptable to us and we are forced to close or relocate stores. further, changing local demographics at existing store locations may adversely affect revenue and profitability levels at those stores.
we may experience a significant disruption in our computer systems.
we rely extensively on our computer systems to manage our ordering, pricing, point-of-sale, pharmacy fulfillment, inventory replenishment, customer loyalty programs, finance and other processes. our systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, vandalism, natural disasters, catastrophic events and human error, and our disaster recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. if any of our systems are damaged, fail to function properly or otherwise become unavailable, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, and may experience loss or corruption of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to perform critical functions, which could adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. in addition, we are currently making, and expect to continue to make, substantial investments in our information technology systems and infrastructure, some of which are significant. upgrades involve replacing existing systems with successor systems, making changes to existing systems, or cost-effectively acquiring new systems with new functionality. implementing new systems carries significant potential risks, including failure to operate as designed, potential loss or corruption of data or information, cost overruns, implementation delays, disruption of operations, and the potential inability to meet business and reporting requirements. while we are aware of inherent risks associated with replacing these systems and believe we are taking reasonable action to mitigate known risks, there can be no assurance that these technology initiatives will be deployed as planned or that they will be timely implemented without disruption to our operations. we also could be adversely affected by any significant disruption in the systems of key payers or vendors.
- 14 -
if we do not maintain the privacy and security of sensitive customer and business information, we could damage our reputation, suffer a loss of revenue, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation.
the protection of customer, employee, and company data is critical to our businesses. cybersecurity and other information technology security risks, such as a significant breach of customer, employee, or company data, could attract a substantial amount of media attention, damage our customer relationships and reputation, and result in lost sales, fines or lawsuits. throughout our operations, we receive, retain and transmit certain personal information that our customers and others provide to purchase products or services, fill prescriptions, enroll in promotional programs, participate in our customer loyalty programs, register on our websites, or otherwise communicate and interact with us. in addition, aspects of our operations depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks. although we deploy a layered approach to address information security threats and vulnerabilities designed to protect confidential information against data security breaches, a compromise of our data security systems or of those of businesses with whom we interact, which results in confidential information being accessed, obtained, damaged or used by unauthorized or improper persons, could harm our reputation and expose us to regulatory actions and claims from customers, financial institutions, payment card associations and other persons, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business operations, financial condition and results of operations. in addition, a security breach could require that we expend substantial additional resources related to the security of information systems and disrupt our businesses.
the regulatory environment surrounding information security and privacy is increasingly demanding, with the frequent imposition of new and changing requirements across businesses. we are required to comply with increasingly complex and changing data privacy regulations in the united states and in other countries in which we operate that regulate the collection, use and transfer of personal data, including the transfer of personal data between or among countries. some foreign data privacy regulations are more stringent than those in the united states. we may also face audits or investigations by one or more domestic or foreign government agencies relating to our compliance with these regulations. compliance with changes in privacy and information security laws and standards may result in significant expense due to increased investment in technology and the development of new operational processes. if we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations or experience a data security breach, our reputation could be damaged and we could be subject to additional litigation and regulatory risks. our security measures may be undermined due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and misappropriate business and personal information. because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and potentially have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we are subject to payment-related risks that could increase our operating costs, expose us to fraud or theft, subject us to potential liability and potentially disrupt our business operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, apple paytm and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time. acceptance of these payment options subjects us to rules, regulations, contractual obligations and compliance requirements, including payment network rules and operating guidelines, data security standards and certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers. these requirements and related interpretations may change over time, which could make compliance more difficult or costly. for certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, we pay interchange and other fees, which could increase over time and raise our operating costs. we rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, and other forms of electronic payment. if these companies become unable to provide these services to us, or if their systems are compromised, it could disrupt our business. the payment methods that we offer also subject us to potential fraud and theft by persons who seek to obtain unauthorized access to or exploit any weaknesses that may exist in the payment systems. if we fail to comply with applicable rules or requirements, or if data is compromised due to a breach or misuse of data relating to our payment systems, we may be liable for costs incurred by payment card issuing banks and other third parties or subject to fines and higher transaction fees, or our ability to accept or facilitate certain types of payments could be impaired. in addition, our reputation could suffer and our customers could lose confidence in certain payment types, which could result in higher costs and/or reduced sales and materially and adversely affect our results of operations.
- 15 -
our growth strategy is partially dependent upon acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic investments, some of which may not prove to be successful.
we have grown, in part, through acquisitions in recent years and expect to continue to acquire or invest in businesses that build on or are deemed complementary to our existing businesses or further our growth strategies. acquisitions involve numerous risks, including difficulties in integrating the operations and personnel of the acquired companies, distraction of management from overseeing, and disruption of, our existing operations, difficulties in entering markets or lines of business in which we have no or limited direct prior experience, the possible loss of key employees and customers, and difficulties in achieving the synergies we anticipated. any failure to select suitable acquisitions at fair prices, conduct appropriate due diligence and successfully integrate the acquired company, including particularly when acquired businesses operate in new geographic markets or areas of business, could materially and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. these transactions may also cause us to significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition or investment, issue common stock that would dilute our current stockholders' percentage ownership, or incur asset write-offs and restructuring costs and other related expenses.
acquisitions, joint ventures and strategic investments involve numerous other risks, including potential exposure to unknown liabilities, as well as undetected internal control, regulatory or other issues, or additional costs not anticipated at the time the transaction was completed. no assurance can be given that our acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic investments will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business operations, financial condition or results of operations.
changes in healthcare regulatory environments may adversely affect our businesses.
political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry to significant changes that could adversely affect our results of operations. in recent years, the healthcare industry has undergone significant changes in an effort to reduce costs and government spending. these changes include an increased reliance on managed care; cuts in certain medicare and medicaid funding in the united states and the funding of governmental payers in foreign jurisdictions; consolidation of competitors, suppliers and other market participants; and the development of large, sophisticated purchasing groups. we expect the healthcare industry to continue to change significantly in the future. some of these potential changes, such as a reduction in governmental funding at the state or federal level for certain healthcare services or adverse changes in legislation or regulations governing prescription drug pricing, healthcare services or mandated benefits, may cause customers to reduce the amount of our products and services they purchase or the price they are willing to pay for our products and services. we expect continued governmental and private payer pressure to reduce pharmaceutical pricing. changes in pharmaceutical manufacturers' pricing or distribution policies could also significantly reduce our profitability.
the aca was enacted in 2010 to provide health insurance coverage to millions of previously uninsured americans through a combination of insurance market reforms, an expansion of medicaid, subsidies and health insurance mandates. while certain provisions of the aca have already taken effect, others have delayed effective dates or require further rulemaking action or regulatory guidance by governmental agencies to implement and/or finalize. as a result, there remains considerable uncertainty as to the full impact of aca on our business operations. future rulemaking or other regulatory actions under the aca or otherwise could increase regulation of pharmacy services, result in changes to pharmacy reimbursement rates, and otherwise change the way we do business. we cannot predict the timing or impact of any future rulemaking or other regulatory actions, but any such actions could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations.
a significant change in, or noncompliance with, governmental regulations and other legal requirements could have a material adverse effect on our reputation and profitability.
we operate in a complex, highly regulated environment in the united states and in the other countries in which we operate and could be adversely affected by changes to existing legal requirements, new legal requirements and/or any failure to comply with applicable regulations. businesses in our pharmaceutical wholesale division are subject to a range of regulations relating to such things as product margins, product traceability and the conditions under which products must be stored. our retail pharmacy and health and wellness services businesses are subject to numerous country, state and local regulations including licensing and other requirements for pharmacies and reimbursement arrangements. the regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: country, and state registration and regulation of pharmacies; dispensing and sale of controlled substances and products containing pseudoephedrine; applicable governmental payer regulations including medicare and medicaid; data privacy and security laws and regulations including hipaa; the aca; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; regulations regarding food and drug safety including those of the u.s. food and drug administration ("fda") and drug enforcement administration ("dea"), trade regulations including those of the u.s. federal trade commission, and consumer protection and safety regulations including those of the consumer product safety commission, as well as state regulatory authorities, governing the availability, sale, advertisement and promotion of products we sell; anti-kickback laws; false claims laws; laws against the corporate practice of medicine; and foreign, national and state laws governing the practice of the profession of pharmacy. for example, in the united states the dea, fda and various other regulatory authorities regulate the distribution and dispensing of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. we are required to hold valid dea and state-level licenses, meet various security and operating standards and comply with the controlled substance act and its accompanying regulations governing the sale, dispensing, disposal, holding and distribution of controlled substances. the dea, fda and state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations. we are also governed by foreign, national and state laws of general applicability, including laws regulating matters of working conditions, health and safety and equal employment opportunity. in addition, we could have significant exposure if we are found to have infringed another party's intellectual property rights.
- 16 -
changes in laws, regulations and policies and the related interpretations may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. the impact of new laws, regulations and policies generally cannot be predicted, and changes in applicable laws, regulations and policies may require extensive system and operational changes, be difficult to implement, increase our operating costs and require significant capital expenditures. untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties that could adversely affect the continued operation of our businesses, including:  suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government programs, including the medicare and medicaid programs in the united states; loss of licenses; and significant fines or monetary penalties. any failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements in the united states or in any of the countries in which we operate could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage our reputation, and have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we could be adversely affected by product liability, product recall or personal injury issues.
we could be adversely impacted by the supply of defective products, including the infiltration of counterfeit products into the supply chain, errors in re-labelling of products, product tampering, product recall and contamination or product mishandling issues. through our pharmacies, we are also exposed to risks relating to the services we provide. errors in the dispensing and packaging of pharmaceuticals could lead to serious injury or death. product liability or personal injury claims may be asserted against us with respect to any of the products or pharmaceuticals we sell or services we provide. our healthcare clinics also increase our exposure to professional liability claims related to medical care. should a product or other liability issue arise, the coverage limits under our insurance programs and the indemnification amounts available to us may not be adequate to protect us against claims. we also may not be able to maintain this insurance on acceptable terms in the future. damage to our reputation in the event of a product liability or personal injury issue or judgment against us or a product recall could have a material adverse effect on our business operations, financial condition and results of operations.
we have significant outstanding debt; our debt and associated payment obligations could significantly increase in the future if we incur additional debt and do not retire existing debt.
we have outstanding debt and other financial obligations and significant unused borrowing capacity. as of august 31, 2015, we had approximately $14.4 billion of outstanding indebtedness, including short-term borrowings. our debt level and related debt service obligations could have negative consequences, including:
·   requiring us to dedicate significant cash flow from operations to the payment of principal, interest and other amounts payable on our debt, which would reduce the funds we have available for other purposes, such as working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, share repurchases and dividends;

·   making it more difficult or expensive for us to obtain any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, debt refinancing, acquisitions or other purposes;

·   reducing our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our industry and market conditions;

·   making us more vulnerable in the event of a downturn in our business operations; and

·   exposing us to interest rate risk given that a portion of our debt obligations is at variable interest rates.

- 17 -
we may incur or assume significantly more debt in the future, including in connection with acquisitions, strategic investments or joint ventures. for example, we incurred significant additional debt in connection with the second step transaction. further, we intend to finance our pending acquisition of rite aid through a combination of cash on hand and debt financing. we have entered into a bridge facility commitment letter and expect to obtain permanent financing to replace such bridge facility prior to the closing of the transaction, but cannot guarantee that we will obtain such permanent financing on terms that are acceptable to us or at all. see "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" in part ii, item 7 below and note 21, subsequent event, to our consolidated financial statements in part ii,
item 7.  management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read together with the financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere herein. this discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in forward-looking statements. factors that might cause a difference include, but are not limited to, those discussed under "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" below and in "risk factors" in part i, item 1a of this form 10-k. references herein to the "company", "we", "us", or "our" refer to walgreens boots alliance, inc. and its subsidiaries from and after the effective time of the reorganization on december 31, 2014 and, prior to that time, to its predecessor walgreen co. and its subsidiaries, and in each case do not include unconsolidated partially-owned entities, except as otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires.
overview on december 31, 2014, walgreens boots alliance, inc. became the successor of walgreen co. pursuant to a merger to effect a reorganization of walgreens into a holding company structure, with walgreens boots alliance becoming the parent holding company. pursuant to the reorganization, walgreens became a wholly-owned subsidiary of walgreens boots alliance, a delaware corporation formed for purposes of the reorganization, and each issued and outstanding share of walgreens common stock was converted into one share of walgreens boots alliance common stock. walgreens boots alliance, as successor to walgreens, replaced walgreens as the publicly-held corporation.
on december 31, 2014, following the completion of the reorganization, walgreens boots alliance completed the acquisition of the remaining 55% of alliance boots gmbh that walgreens did not previously own in exchange for £3.133 billion ($4.874 billion) in cash and approximately 144.3 million shares of walgreens boots alliance common stock pursuant to the purchase and option agreement. walgreens previously had acquired, on august 2, 2012, a 45% equity interest in alliance boots along with a call option to acquire the remaining 55% equity interest in alliance boots in exchange for $4.025 billion in cash and approximately 83.4 million shares of walgreens common stock.
prior to the completion of the second step transaction, we accounted for our 45% investment in alliance boots using the equity method of accounting. investments accounted for under the equity method are recorded initially at cost and subsequently adjusted for our share of the net income or loss and cash contributions and distributions to or from these entities. net income reported by alliance boots during this period was translated from british pounds sterling at the average rate for the period. upon completion of the second step transaction, alliance boots became a consolidated subsidiary and ceased being accounted for under the equity method. for financial reporting and accounting purposes, walgreens boots alliance was the acquirer of alliance boots. the consolidated financial statements (and other data, such as prescriptions filled) reflect the results of operations and financial position of walgreens and its subsidiaries for periods prior to december 31, 2014 and of walgreens boots alliance and its subsidiaries for periods from and after the effective time of the reorganization on december 31, 2014.
recent development on october 27, 2015, the company entered into the merger agreement with rite aid, pursuant to which the company agreed to acquire rite aid, a drugstore chain in the united states with 4,561 stores in 31 states and the district of columbia as of august 29, 2015. on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, rite aid will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company and rite aid stockholders will be entitled to receive $9.00 in cash for each outstanding share of rite aid common stock, for a total enterprise value of approximately $17.2 billion, including acquired net debt. the transaction is expected to close in the second half of calendar 2016, subject to rite aid stockholder approval, regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions.
we intend to finance the transaction through a combination of cash on hand and debt financing. concurrently with the signing of the merger agreement, the company entered into a bridge facility commitment letter (the "commitment letter"), dated october 27, 2015, with ubs securities llc and ubs ag, stamford branch for a $12.8 billion senior unsecured bridge facility (the "facility"). the facility, if funded, will mature 364 days after the initial borrowings; provided that the company can extend up to $3.0 billion of the facility for an additional 90 day period if desired. the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the facility will be libor or the applicable base rate plus a margin. the financing commitments of the lenders are subject to certain customary conditions set forth in the commitment letter. we expect to obtain permanent financing for the transaction prior to the closing date, which would replace the facility.
comparability as a result of the completion of the second step transaction on december 31, 2014, there are a number of items that affect comparability for the company. historically, walgreens operations were within one reportable segment that included the results of the retail pharmacy usa division and corporate costs, along with the full consolidated results of wbad and equity earnings from alliance boots (on a three-month reporting lag). upon completion of the second step transaction, alliance boots became a consolidated subsidiary and the company eliminated the three-month reporting lag. prior period results have been recast to reflect the elimination of the reporting lag. additionally, following the completion of the reorganization and the second step transaction on december 31, 2014, the company now reports results in three segments. segmental reporting includes the allocation of synergy benefits, including wbad's results, and the combined corporate costs for periods subsequent to december 31, 2014. the company has determined that it is impracticable to allocate historical results to the current segmental presentation.
the completion of the second step transaction on december 31, 2014 also means that results for fiscal 2015 include the results of alliance boots for eight months (january through august 2015) on a fully consolidated basis and four months (september through december 2014) as equity income from walgreen's pre-closing 45 percent interest.
the company's balance sheet reflects the full consolidation of alliance boots assets and liabilities as a result of the close of the combination on december 31, 2014. the company's purchase accounting remains preliminary as contemplated by gaap and, as a result, there may be upon further review future changes to the value, as well as allocation, of the acquired assets and liabilities, associated amortization expense, goodwill and the gain on the previously held equity interest. these changes may be material.
year-over-year comparisons of results require consideration of the foregoing factors and are not directly comparable.
in addition, the company's sales are affected by a number of factors including, among others, our sales performance during holiday periods and during the cough, cold and flu season, significant weather conditions, timing of our own or competitor discount programs and pricing actions, levels of reimbursement from governmental agencies and other third party health providers and general economic conditions in the markets in which we operate.
- 29 -
amerisourcebergen corporation relationship on march 19, 2013, walgreens, alliance boots and amerisourcebergen announced various agreements and arrangements, including a ten-year pharmaceutical distribution agreement between walgreens and amerisourcebergen pursuant to which branded and generic pharmaceutical products are sourced from amerisourcebergen in the u.s.; an agreement which provides amerisourcebergen the ability to access generics and related pharmaceutical products through wbad, a global sourcing enterprise formed by walgreens and alliance boots; and agreements and arrangements pursuant to which we have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase a minority equity position in amerisourcebergen and gain associated representation on amerisourcebergen's board of directors in certain circumstances. in addition to the information in this report, please refer to our current report on form 8-k filed on march 20, 2013, for more detailed information regarding these agreements and arrangements. at august 31, 2015, the company owned approximately 5.2% of the outstanding common shares in amerisourcebergen and had designated one member of amerisourcebergen's board of directors.
restructuring programs on april 8, 2015, the board of directors approved a plan to implement a new restructuring program (the "cost transformation program") as part of an initiative to reduce costs and increase operating efficiencies. the cost transformation program implements and builds on the planned three-year, $1.0 billion cost-reduction initiative previously announced by walgreens on august 6, 2014 and includes a number of elements designed to help achieve profitable growth through increased cost efficiencies. we have identified additional opportunities for cost savings that increase the total expected cost savings of the cost transformation program by $500 million to a projected $1.5 billion by the end of fiscal 2017. significant areas of focus include plans to close approximately 200 stores across the u.s.; reorganize divisional and field operations; drive operating efficiencies; and streamline information technology and other functions. the actions under the cost transformation program focus primarily on our retail pharmacy usa division, and are expected to be substantially completed by the end of fiscal 2017.
we currently estimate that we will recognize cumulative pre-tax charges to our gaap financial results of between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion, including costs associated with lease obligations and other real estate payments, asset impairments and employee termination and other business transition and exit costs. we expect to incur pre-tax charges of between $525 million and $600 million for real estate costs, including lease obligations (net of estimated sublease income), between $650 million and $725 million for asset impairment charges relating primarily to asset write-offs from store closures, information technology, inventory and other non-operational real estate asset write-offs, and between $425 million and $475 million for employee severance and other business transition and exit costs. we estimate that approximately 60% of the cumulative pre-tax charges will result in immediate or future cash expenditures, primarily related to lease and other real estate payments and employee separation costs.
we incurred pre-tax charges of $542 million ($223 million related to asset impairment charges, $202 million in real estate costs and $117 million in severance and other business transition and exit costs) related to the cost transformation program in fiscal 2015. the majority of the charges incurred in fiscal 2015 related to activities within the retail pharmacy usa division but also included activities within retail pharmacy international. all charges related to the cost transformation program have been recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses. we closed 84 stores in the united states related to the cost transformation program in fiscal 2015.
on march 24, 2014, the board of directors approved a plan to close underperforming stores in efforts to optimize and focus resources within our retail pharmacy usa operations in a manner intended to increase shareholder value. as of august 31, 2015, we have closed 68 locations, one of which was closed in fiscal 2015. in fiscal 2015, we incurred total pre-tax charges related to this plan of $17 million primarily related to lease termination costs. in fiscal 2014, we incurred pre-tax charges of $209 million ($137 million from lease termination costs, $71 million from asset impairments and $1 million of other charges). all charges related to this plan have been recorded within selling, general and administrative expenses. we expect to incur no additional costs related to this plan.
- 30 -
restructuring costs by segment were as follows (in millions):
retail pharmacy

usa             international     pharmaceutical wholesale         consolidated fiscal 2015
asset impairments                                           $216             $7                $-                                       $223
real estate costs                                            219                      -                       -                          219
severance and other business transition and exit costs       105             12                               -                          117
total restructuring costs                                    540             $19               $-                                       $559
fiscal 2014
real estate costs                                           $137             $-                $-                                       $137
asset impairments                                             71                      -                       -                           71
severance and other business transition and exit costs         1                      -                       -                            1
total restructuring costs                                   $209             $-                $-                                       $209
as the program is implemented, the restructuring charges will be recognized as the costs are incurred over time in accordance with gaap. see note 19, segment reporting, to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
the amounts and timing of all estimates are subject to change. the actual amounts and timing may vary materially based on various factors. see "cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements" below.
executive summary the following table presents certain key financial statistics for the company for fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013. all periods have been recast to reflect the removal of the three-month reporting lag applied to reporting equity earnings in alliance boots prior to december 31, 2014. additionally, as a result of the completion of the second step transaction, alliance boots became a consolidated subsidiary and the company ceased recording equity earnings in alliance boots on december 31, 2014. as a result, fiscal 2015 includes the results of alliance boots for eight months (january through august 2015) on a fully consolidated basis and four months (september through december 2014) as equity earnings in alliance boots reflecting walgreens' pre-closing 45 percent interest.
(in millions, except per share amounts)

2015                      2014                       2013
net sales                                                                                                                        $103,444                    $76,392                    $72,217
gross profit                                                                                                                       26,924                     21,569                     21,119
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                                       22,571                     17,992                     17,543
operating income                                                                                                                    4,668                      4,194                      4,092
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)(1)                                                                                     6,157                      4,866                      4,828
earnings before interest and income tax provision                                                                                   5,916                      3,713                      4,212
net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc.                                                                         4,220                      1,932                      2,548
adjusted net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. (non-gaap measure)(1)                                          4,085                      3,170                      3,103
net earnings per common share attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. - diluted                                               4.00                       2.00                       2.67
adjusted net earnings per common share attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. - diluted (non-gaap measure)(1)                3.88                       3.28                       3.25
percentage increases/(decreases)

2015                      2014                    2013
net sales                                                                                                                    35.4                       5.8                     0.8
gross profit                                                                                                                 24.8                       2.1                     3.8
selling, general and administrative expenses                                                                                 25.5                       2.6                     3.9
operating income                                                                                                             11.3                       2.5                    18.1
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)(1)                                                                              26.5                       0.8                    17.8
earnings before interest and income tax provision                                                                            59.3                     (11.8     )              21.6
net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc.                                                                 118.4                     (24.2     )              19.8
adjusted net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. (non-gaap measure)(1)                                   28.9                       2.2                    21.0
net earnings per common share attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. - diluted                                      100.0                     (25.1     )              10.3
adjusted net earnings per common share attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. - diluted (non-gaap measure)(1)        18.3                       0.9                    10.9
- 31 -
percent to net sales

2015                2014                2013
gross margin                                      26.0                28.2                29.3
selling, general and administrative expenses      21.8                23.6                24.3
(1)   see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable financial measure calculated in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the united states ("gaap").

walgreens boots alliance results of operations fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
our results for fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 are primarily impacted by the second step transaction which resulted in the full consolidation of alliance boots results of operations beginning december 31, 2014. for fiscal 2015, the full consolidation of alliance boots operations increased our net sales by 29.4%, gross profit by 23.6%, selling general and administrative expenses by 24.1% and operating income by 18.5%, each as compared to fiscal 2014.
net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. for fiscal 2015 were $4.2 billion, or $4.00 per diluted share as compared to $1.9 billion, or $2.00 per diluted share in fiscal 2014. the increase in net earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014, was primarily attributable to the full consolidation of alliance boots operations from january through august 2015, a gain on our 45% previously held equity interest in alliance boots, increased sales in our retail pharmacy usa division, increased income from our warrants to acquire amerisourcebergen common stock and a lower effective income tax rate. these increases were partially offset by lower retail pharmacy usa gross margins and a higher interest expense.
as a result of acquiring the remaining 55% interest in alliance boots on december 31, 2014, our previously held 45% interest was remeasured to fair value, resulting in a gain of $563 million in fiscal 2015. the fair value of the previously held equity interest in alliance boots was determined using the income approach methodology. the fair value measurement of the previously held equity interest is based on significant inputs not observable in the market. the fair value estimates for the previously held equity interest are based on (a) projected discounted cash flows, (b) historical and projected financial information, and (c) synergies including cost savings, as relevant, that market participants would consider when estimating the fair value of the previously held equity interest in alliance boots. see note 8, acquisitions, to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
other income (expense) for fiscal 2015 was income of $685 million as compared to expense of $481 million in fiscal 2014. the change in fair value of our amerisourcebergen warrants resulted in recording income of $759 million and $366 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in fair value was primarily attributed to the change in the price of amerisourcebergen's common stock. in addition, we recorded $20 million and $19 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively, of other income relating to the amortization of the deferred credit associated with the initial value of the walgreens warrants. we have also recorded a loss of $94 million in fiscal 2015 on derivative contracts that were not designated as accounting hedges. the losses primarily relate to foreign currency forward contracts entered into in consideration of the delivery of foreign cash consideration related to the second step transaction. fiscal 2014 results also included a loss of $866 million related to the alliance boots call option. upon the amendment and immediate exercise of the call option to acquire the remaining 55% ownership of alliance boots, we were required to compare the fair value of the amended option with the book value of the original option. the fair value of the amended option was estimated to be zero based on its valuation as a financial instrument without regard for its strategic value. the reduction in value was primarily due to the shorter duration of the amended option and the appreciation since the original valuation in the price of walgreens stock used as partial consideration for the purchase of the remaining 55% ownership interest in alliance boots.
- 32 -
interest was a net expense of $605 million and $156 million in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. the increase in fiscal 2015 interest expense is primarily due to the notes we issued to fund a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with the second step transaction and to subsequently refinance substantially all of alliance boots outstanding borrowings following completion of the second step transaction. additionally, in fiscal 2015 we repaid a portion of our long-term debt in advance of its maturity resulting in additional net interest expense of $99 million.
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2015 and 2014 was 19.9% and 42.9%, respectively. the decrease in the fiscal 2015 effective tax rate as compared to fiscal 2014 is primarily attributable to recording discrete tax benefits related to previously unrecognized capital loss deferred tax assets as a result of recognizing capital gain income from fiscal 2015 and anticipated future period sale-leaseback transactions. in addition, as a result of our acquisition of the remaining 55% interest in alliance boots that we did not previously own, our annual effective tax rate decreased due to incremental foreign source income taxed at lower rates and additional favorable permanent book-tax differences. also as a result of the acquisition, we recognized a non-recurring tax benefit that also lowered our annual effective tax rate. in addition, we recognized other, net discrete tax benefits in the current fiscal year.
walgreens boots alliance adjusted net earnings per diluted share (non-gaap measure)
adjusted net earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2015 was $3.88, an increase of 18.3% from $3.28 in fiscal 2014. the increase in adjusted net earnings per diluted share in fiscal 2015 was primarily attributable to the full consolidation of alliance boots operations from january through august 2015, increased sales and lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales in our retail pharmacy usa division and a lower effective income tax rate. these increases were partially offset by lower retail pharmacy usa gross margins and a higher interest expense. see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measure.
fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. for fiscal 2014 were $1.9 billion or $2.00 per diluted share as compared to $2.5 billion, or $2.67 per diluted share in fiscal 2013. the decrease in fiscal 2014 net earnings per diluted share as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily attributable to lower gross margins in our retail pharmacy usa division, a loss related to the alliance boots call option and a higher effective tax rate, partially offset by higher sales, lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales, increased equity earnings in alliance boots and increased gains on fair market value adjustments related to our amerisourcebergen warrants.
other income (expense) for the fiscal 2014 was expense of $481 million as compared to income of $120 million in fiscal 2013. fiscal 2014 results include a loss of $866 million related to the alliance boots call option. the change in fair value of our amerisourcebergen warrants resulted in recording income of $366 million and $111 million in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. the increase in fair value was primarily attributed to the change in the price of amerisourcebergen's common stock. in addition, we recorded $19 million and $9 million in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively, of other income relating to the amortization of the deferred credit associated with the initial value of the walgreens warrants.
interest was a net expense of $156 million and $165 million in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. the decrease in fiscal 2014 interest expense as compared to fiscal 2013 was due to the repayment of notes that matured in fiscal 2014 partially offset by higher interest charges related to incremental capital and finance lease obligations.
the effective tax rate for fiscal 2014 and 2013 was 42.9% and 37.0%, respectively. the increase in the fiscal 2014 effective tax rate as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily attributable to the loss associated with the company's option to purchase the remaining equity interest in alliance boots, which did not generate a tax benefit in fiscal 2014, partially offset by the favorable impact of additional foreign source income taxed at lower rates.
walgreens boots alliance adjusted net earnings per diluted share (non-gaap measure)
adjusted net earnings per diluted share for fiscal 2014 were $3.28 compared to $3.25 in fiscal 2013. the increase in adjusted net earnings per diluted share for the fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily attributed to higher sales, lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales, and increased equity earnings in alliance boots, partially offset by lower gross margins in our retail pharmacy usa division. see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measure.
- 33 -
results of operations by segment retail pharmacy usa all periods have been recasted for removal of the three-month reporting lag previously applied to reporting equity earnings in alliance boots. additionally, as a result of the completion of the second step transaction, the company ceased recording equity earnings in alliance boots as of december 31, 2014. as such, fiscal 2015 includes equity earnings in alliance boots from september 1, 2014 through december 31, 2014.
(in millions, except location amounts)

2015                     2014                       2013
total sales                                                $80,974                    $76,392                    $72,217
gross profit                                                21,822                     21,569                     21,119
selling, general and administrative expenses                18,247                     17,992                     17,543
operating income                                             3,890                      4,194                      4,092
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)(1)              5,098                      4,866                      4,828
number of prescriptions(2)                                     723                        699                        683
30 day equivalent prescriptions(2)(3)                          894                        856                        821
number of locations at period end(4)                         8,182                      8,309                      8,582
percentage increases/(decreases)

2015                   2014                    2013
total sales                                                   6.0                     5.8                      0.8
gross profit                                                  1.2                     2.1                      3.8
selling, general and administrative expenses                  1.4                     2.6                      3.9
operating income                                             (7.2     )               2.5                     18.1
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)(1)               4.8                     0.8                     17.8
comparable drugstore sales                                    6.4                     4.9                     (1.3   )
pharmacy sales                                                8.2                     7.9                      0.4
comparable pharmacy sales                                     9.3                     6.8                     (1.7   )
retail sales                                                  1.9                     2.1                      1.5
comparable retail sales                                       1.5                     2.0                     (0.7   )
comparable number of prescriptions(2)                         3.5                     1.8                      1.1
comparable 30 day equivalent prescriptions(2)(3)              4.6                     3.9                      3.2
percent to total sales

2015               2014                2013
gross margin                                          26.9                28.2                29.3
selling, general and administrative expenses          22.5                23.6                24.3
(1)   see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measure and related disclosures.

(2)   includes immunizations.

(3)   includes the adjustment to convert prescriptions greater than 84 days to the equivalent of three 30-day prescriptions. this adjustment reflects the fact that these prescriptions include approximately three times the amount of product days supplied compared to a normal prescription.

(4)   locations in 2013 include worksite health and wellness centers, which were part of the take care employer business in which we sold a majority interest in fiscal 2014. locations in 2014 include infusion and respiratory service facilities in which we sold a majority interest in fiscal 2015.

sales fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
the retail pharmacy usa division's total sales for fiscal 2015 increased by 6.0% to $81.0 billion. total sales increased primarily due to higher comparable store sales, which were up 6.4% in fiscal 2015. comparable drugstores are defined as those that have been open for at least twelve consecutive months without closure for seven or more consecutive days and without a major remodel or a natural disaster in the past twelve months. relocated and acquired stores are not included as comparable stores for the first twelve months after the relocation or acquisition. we operated 8,182 locations (8,173 drugstores) as of august 31, 2015, compared to 8,309 locations (8,207 drugstores) a year earlier. prior year's locations included 91 infusion and respiratory services facilities in which we sold a majority interest in fiscal 2015.
- 34 -
pharmacy sales increased by 8.2% in fiscal 2015 and represented 66.1% of the division's total sales. in fiscal 2014, pharmacy sales were up 7.9% and represented 64.2% of the division's total sales. comparable pharmacy sales increased 9.3% in fiscal 2015 compared to an increase of 6.8% in fiscal 2014. the effect of generic drugs, which have a lower retail price, replacing brand name drugs reduced prescription sales by 1.8% in fiscal 2015 versus a reduction of 1.3% in fiscal 2014. the effect of generics on division total sales was a reduction of 1.0% in fiscal 2015 compared to a reduction of 0.7% for fiscal 2014. third party sales, where reimbursement is received from managed care organizations, governmental agencies, employers or private insurers, were 96.8% of prescription sales for fiscal 2015 compared to 96.5% for fiscal 2014. the total number of prescriptions (including immunizations) filled in fiscal 2015 was approximately 723 million compared to 699 million in fiscal 2014. prescriptions (including immunizations) adjusted to 30 day equivalents were 894 million in fiscal 2015 versus 856 million in fiscal 2014.
retail sales increased 1.9% in fiscal 2015 and were 33.9% of the division's total sales. in comparison, fiscal 2014 retail sales increased 2.1% and comprised 35.8% of the division's total sales. comparable retail sales increased 1.5% in fiscal 2015 compared to an increase of 2.0% in fiscal 2014. the increase in comparable retail sales in fiscal 2015 as compared to fiscal 2014 was primarily attributed to an increase in basket size partially offset by lower customer traffic.
operating income fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
retail pharmacy usa division's operating income for fiscal 2015 decreased 7.2% to $3.9 billion. the decrease is primarily due to having equity earnings in alliance boots for four months in the current year versus twelve months in the comparable period and current year costs related to the cost transformation program.
gross margin as a percent of total sales was 26.9% in fiscal 2015 compared to 28.2% in fiscal 2014. pharmacy margins were negatively impacted in the current fiscal year by lower third-party reimbursements; an increase in medicare part d mix including the strategy to continue driving 90-day prescriptions at retail; and the mix of specialty drugs, which carry a lower margin percentage. the decrease in pharmacy margins was partially offset by additional brand-to-generic drug conversions compared with the prior fiscal year. retail margins were positively impacted in fiscal 2015 primarily from the non-prescription drug, beauty and beverage and snack categories partially offset by the electronics category.
selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total sales were 22.5% in fiscal 2015 compared to 23.6% in fiscal 2014. as a percentage of total sales, expenses in fiscal 2015 were lower primarily due to store labor efficiencies partially offset by higher costs related to the cost transformation program.
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure) fiscal 2015 compared to fiscal 2014
retail pharmacy usa division's adjusted operating income for fiscal 2015 increased 4.8% to $5.1 billion. the increase is primarily due to higher sales and lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of sales partially offset by having four months of equity earnings in alliance boots in fiscal 2015 versus twelve months in fiscal 2014 and lower gross margins. see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measure.
sales fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
the retail pharmacy usa division's total sales for fiscal 2014 increased by 5.8% to $76.4 billion. total sales increased from new stores, each of which includes an indeterminate amount of market-driven price changes, and higher comparable store sales. sales in comparable drugstores were up 4.9% in fiscal 2014 compared to a decrease of 1.3% in fiscal 2013. we operated 8,309 locations (8,207 drugstores) as of august 31, 2014, compared to 8,582 locations (8,116 drugstores) at august 31, 2013. included in fiscal 2013 locations were 371 worksite health and wellness centers, which were part of the take care employer business in which we sold a majority interest in fiscal 2014.
pharmacy sales increased by 7.9% in fiscal 2014 and represented 64.2% of the division's total sales. in fiscal 2013, pharmacy sales were up 0.4% and represented 62.9% of the division's total sales. comparable pharmacy sales were up 6.8% in fiscal 2014 compared to a decrease of 1.7% in fiscal 2013. the effect of generic drugs, which have a lower retail price, replacing brand name drugs reduced prescription sales by 1.3% in fiscal 2014 versus a reduction of 5.3% in fiscal 2013. the effect of generics on division total sales was a reduction of 0.7% in fiscal 2014 compared to a reduction of 3.0% for fiscal 2013. third party sales, where reimbursement is received from managed care organizations, governmental agencies, employers or private insurers, were 96.5% of prescription sales for fiscal 2014 compared to 95.8% for fiscal 2013. the total number of prescriptions (including immunizations) filled in fiscal 2014 was approximately 699 million compared to 683 million in fiscal 2013. prescriptions (including immunizations) adjusted to 30 day equivalents were 856 million in fiscal 2014 versus 821 million in fiscal 2013.
- 35 -
retail sales increased 2.1% in fiscal 2014 and were 35.8% of the division's total sales. in comparison, fiscal 2013 retail sales increased 1.5% and comprised 37.1% of the division's total sales. comparable retail sales increased 2.0% in fiscal 2014 compared to a decrease of 0.7% in fiscal 2013. the increase in comparable retail sales in fiscal 2014 as compared to fiscal 2013 was primarily attributed to an increase in basket size partially offset by lower customer traffic.
operating income fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
retail pharmacy usa division's operating income for fiscal 2014 was $4.2 billion, an increase of 2.5% compared to fiscal 2013. the increase is primarily due to higher sales and increased equity earnings in alliance boots, partially offset by lower gross margins.
gross margin as a percent of total sales was 28.2% in fiscal 2014, compared to 29.3% in fiscal 2013. gross margin in fiscal 2014 was negatively impacted by lower retail pharmacy margins primarily from lower third-party reimbursement; the increase in medicare part d mix and the strategy to continue driving 90-day prescriptions at retail; fewer brand-to-generic drug conversions compared with the prior year period; generic drug inflation on a subset of generic drugs; and the mix of specialty drugs, which carry a lower margin percentage. retail margins were negatively impacted in the photofinishing, non-prescription drug and convenience and fresh foods categories. pharmacy and retail margin decreases were partially offset by purchasing synergies realized from wbad and a lower provision for lifo in fiscal 2014.
selling, general and administrative expenses were 23.6% of total sales in fiscal 2014, compared to 24.3% of total sales in fiscal 2013. as a percentage of total sales, expenses were lower primarily due to lower store compensation costs, store occupancy costs and headquarters costs, partially offset by costs related to our store optimization plan.
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure) fiscal 2014 compared to fiscal 2013
retail pharmacy usa division's adjusted operating income for fiscal 2014 was $4.9 billion, an increase of 0.8% compared to fiscal 2013. the increase is primarily due to higher sales and lower selling, general and administrative expenses as a percent of sales partially offset by lower gross margins. see "--non-gaap measures" below for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable gaap measure.
retail pharmacy international
(in millions)

2015                 2014   2013
total sales                                                $8,781        na        na gross profit                                                3,623        na        na selling, general and administrative expenses                3,214        na        na operating income                                              409        na        na adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)(1)               616        na        na percent to total sales

2015                 2014   2013
gross margin                                            41.3         na          na selling, general and administrative expenses            36.6         na          na na   not applicable

(1)   see "--non-gaap measures" below for reconciliations to the most directly comparable gaap measure and related disclosures.

the businesses included in our retail pharmacy international division were acquired as part of the second step transaction. because the results of alliance boots have been fully consolidated only since december 31, 2014 and the businesses that comprise the retail pharmacy international division are legacy alliance boots businesses, this segment had no comparable prior period financial results and no discussion of comparability can be presented.
- 36 -
pharmaceutical wholesale
(in millions)

2015                 2014   2013
total sales                                               $15,327        na        na gross profit                                                1,486        na        na selling, general and administrative expenses                1,110        na        na operating income                                              376        na        na adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)(1)               450        na        na percent to total sales

2015                 2014   2013
gross margin                                             9.7         na          na selling, general and administrative expenses             7.2         na          na na   not applicable

(1)   see "--non-gaap measures" below for reconciliations to the most directly comparable gaap measure and related disclosures.

the businesses included in our pharmaceutical wholesale segment were acquired as part of the second step transaction. because the results of alliance boots have been fully consolidated only since december 31, 2014 and the businesses that comprise the pharmaceutical wholesale division are legacy alliance boots businesses, this segment had no comparable prior period financial results and no discussion of comparability can be presented.
non-gaap measures the following tables provide reconciliations of adjusted operating income and adjusted net earnings per common share attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc., which are non-gaap financial measures as defined under sec rules, to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. the company has provided these non-gaap financial measures, which are not calculated or presented in accordance with gaap, as supplemental information and in addition to the financial measures that are calculated and presented in accordance with gaap. these supplemental non-gaap financial measures are presented because management has evaluated the company's financial results both including and excluding the adjusted items and believe that the supplemental non-gaap financial measures presented provide additional perspective and insights when analyzing the core operating performance of the company's business from period to period and trends in the company's historical operating results. these supplemental non-gaap financial measures should not be considered superior to, as a substitute for or as an alternative to, and should be considered in conjunction with, the gaap financial measures presented.
(in millions)

2015
retail                   retail            pharmaceutical wholesale         eliminations                     walgreens pharmacy                 pharmacy                                             and other                            boots usa            international                                                                         alliance, inc.
operating income (gaap)                                $3,890                     $409                                $376         $(7               )                 $4,668
cost transformation                                       523                       19                                   -                  -                             542
acquisition-related amortization(1)                       260                      188                                  67                  -                             515
lifo provision                                            285                        -                                   -                  -                             285
asset impairment                                          110                        -                                   -                  -                             110
acquisition-related costs                                  80                        -                                   7                  -                              87
store closures and other optimization costs                56                        -                                   -                  -                              56
loss on sale of business                                   17                        -                                   -                  -                              17
increase in fair market value of warrants                (123   )                    -                                   -                  -                            (123   )
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)           $5,098                     $616                                $450         $(7               )                 $6,157
(1)   includes $106 million (retail pharmacy international $100 million and pharmaceutical wholesale $6 million) of inventory fair value adjustment. no additional fair value adjustment related to the inventory step-up is expected in future periods.

- 37 -
(in millions)

2014
retail          retail                  pharmaceutical wholesale            eliminations                    walgreens pharmacy          pharmacy                                                    and other                           boots usa          international                                                                          alliance, inc.
operating income (gaap)                                $4,194          $-                      $-                                  $-                                 $4,194
acquisition-related amortization                          364                   -                             -                             -                            364
store closures and other optimization costs               271                   -                             -                             -                            271
lifo provision                                            132                   -                             -                             -                            132
acquisition-related costs                                  82                   -                             -                             -                             82
increase in fair market value of warrants                (168   )               -                             -                             -                           (168   )
gain on sale of business                                   (9   )                                                                                                         (9   )
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)           $4,866          $-                      $-                                  $-                                 $4,866
(in millions)

2013
retail          retail                  pharmaceutical wholesale            eliminations                    walgreens pharmacy          pharmacy                                                    and other                           boots usa          international                                                                          alliance, inc.
operating income (gaap)                                $4,092          $-                      $-                                  $-                                 $4,092
acquisition-related amortization                          394                   -                             -                             -                            394
lifo provision                                            239                   -                             -                             -                            239
acquisition-related costs                                  96                   -                             -                             -                             96
hurricane sandy costs                                      39                   -                             -                             -                             39
dea settlement costs                                       28                   -                             -                             -                             28
distributor transition costs                               13                   -                             -                             -                             13
increase in fair market value of warrants                 (53   )               -                             -                             -                            (53   )
gain on sale of business                                  (20   )               -                             -                             -                            (20   )
adjusted operating income (non-gaap measure)           $4,828          $-                      $-                                  $-                                 $4,828
2015                 2014                 2013

net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. (gaap)                                $4,220               $1,932               $2,548
alliance boots call option loss                                                                        -                  866                    -
acquisition-related amortization                                                                     367                  238                  255
cost transformation                                                                                  338                    -                    -
lifo provision                                                                                       178                   86                  151
transaction foreign currency hedging loss                                                            166                    -                    -
asset impairment                                                                                      69                    -                    -
alliance boots equity method non-cash tax                                                             71                  180                  152
early debt extinguishment                                                                             62                    -                    -
acquisition-related costs                                                                             54                   54                   60
store closures and other optimization costs                                                           35                  179                    -
prefunded interest expense                                                                            26                    -                    -
loss (gain) on sale of business                                                                       11                   (6   )              (13   )
gain on previously held equity interest                                                             (671   )                -                    -
increase in fair market value of warrants                                                           (567   )             (359   )             (129   )
release of capital loss valuation allowance                                                         (220   )                -                    -
net investment hedging gain                                                                          (54   )                -                    -
dea settlement costs                                                                                   -                    -                   47
hurricane sandy costs                                                                                  -                    -                   24
distributor transition costs                                                                           -                    -                    8
adjusted net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. (non-gaap measure)           $4,085               $3,170               $3,103
- 38 -
2015                 2014                 2013

net earnings per common share attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. - diluted (gaap)                                 $4.00                $2.00                $2.67
alliance boots call option loss                                                                                                   -                 0.90                    -
acquisition-related amortization                                                                                               0.35                 0.25                 0.26
cost transformation                                                                                                            0.32                    -                    -
lifo provision                                                                                                                 0.17                 0.09                 0.16
transaction foreign currency hedging loss                                                                                      0.16                    -                    -
asset impairment                                                                                                               0.07                    -                    -
alliance boots equity method non-cash tax                                                                                      0.07                 0.18                 0.16
early debt extinguishment                                                                                                      0.06                    -                    -
acquisition-related costs                                                                                                      0.05                 0.06                 0.06
store closures and other optimization costs                                                                                    0.03                 0.18                    -
prefunded interest expense                                                                                                     0.03                    -                    -
loss (gain) on sale of business                                                                                                0.01                (0.01   )            (0.01   )
gain on previously held equity interest                                                                                       (0.64   )                -                    -
increase in fair market value of warrants                                                                                     (0.54   )            (0.37   )            (0.14   )
release of capital loss valuation allowance                                                                                   (0.21   )                -                    -
net investment hedging gain                                                                                                   (0.05   )                -                    -
dea settlement costs                                                                                                              -                    -                 0.05
hurricane sandy costs                                                                                                             -                    -                 0.03
distributor transition costs                                                                                                      -                    -                 0.01
adjusted net earnings per common share attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc. - diluted (non-gaap measure)            $3.88                $3.28                $3.25
liquidity and capital resources cash and cash equivalents were $3.0 billion (including $1.7 billion in foreign jurisdictions) as of august 31, 2015, compared to $2.6 billion (including $177 million in foreign jurisdictions) as of august 31, 2014. short-term investment objectives are primarily to minimize risk and maintain liquidity. to attain these objectives, investment limits are placed on the amount, type and issuer of securities. investments are principally in u.s. treasury market funds and aaa rated money market funds.
our long-term capital policy is to maintain a strong balance sheet and financial flexibility; reinvest in our core strategies; invest in strategic opportunities that reinforce our core strategies and meet return requirements; and return surplus cash flow to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases over the long term.
cash provided by operations and the issuance of debt are the principal sources of funds for expansion, investments, acquisitions, remodeling programs, dividends to shareholders and stock repurchases. net cash provided by operating activities was $5.7 billion in fiscal 2015 compared to $3.9 billion in fiscal 2014 and $4.3 billion in fiscal 2013. the increase in fiscal 2015 cash provided by operating activities was primarily a result of higher net earnings as a result of the inclusion of alliance boots operations on a fully-consolidated basis from january to august and working capital improvements compared to the prior fiscal year.
- 39 -
net cash used for investing activities was $4.3 billion in fiscal 2015 compared to $1.7 billion in fiscal 2014 and $2.0 billion in fiscal 2013. the acquisition of the remaining 55% of alliance boots that we did not previously own used $4.5 billion of cash in fiscal 2015. other business acquisitions in fiscal 2015 were $371 million versus $344 million in fiscal 2014 and $630 million in fiscal 2013. other business acquisitions in fiscal 2015 included liz earle beauty co. ltd. in addition to other asset acquisitions, primarily pharmacy prescription files. other business acquisitions in fiscal 2014 included the purchase of the u.s. regional drugstore chain kerr drug and affiliates and the purchase of pharmacy prescription files. other business acquisitions in fiscal 2013 included the purchase of the regional drugstore chain usa drug from stephen l. lafrance holdings, inc. and members of the lafrance family, an 80% interest in cystic fibrosis foundation pharmacy, llc, and the purchase of pharmacy prescription files.
additions to property, plant and equipment in fiscal 2015 were $1.3 billion compared to $1.1 billion in fiscal 2014 and $1.2 billion in fiscal 2013. capital expenditures by reporting segment were as follows:
2015            2014            2013

retail pharmacy usa                         $951          $1,106          $1,212
retail pharmacy international(1)             249               -               -
pharmaceutical wholesale(1)                   51               -               -
total                                     $1,251          $1,106          $1,212
(1)   our retail pharmacy international and pharmaceutical wholesale segments were acquired as part of the second step transaction in which we acquired the 55% of alliance boots that we did not already own on december 31, 2014. as a result of the timing of the acquisition, only eight months (january through august 2015) of capital expenditures have been reported.

our retail pharmacy usa segment opened, relocated or acquired 133 locations in fiscal 2015 compared to 268 locations in fiscal 2014 and 350 locations in fiscal 2013. fiscal 2014 acquisitions included kerr drug, which contributed 76 drugstore locations as well as a specialty pharmacy and a distribution center. fiscal 2013 acquisitions included the acquisition of 141 usa drug locations. significant retail pharmacy international capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 primarily relate to investments in our stores and information technology projects. pharmaceutical wholesale capital expenditures in fiscal 2015 primarily relate to information technology projects.
additionally, investing activities for fiscal 2015 included proceeds related to sale-leaseback transactions and the sale of walgreens infusion services of $867 million and $814 million, respectively. no amerisourcebergen common stock was purchased in fiscal 2015 compared to $493 million in fiscal 2014 and $224 million in fiscal 2013.
net cash used by financing activities in fiscal 2015 was $915 million compared to $1.6 billion in fiscal 2014 and $1.5 billion in fiscal 2013. in fiscal 2015, we received proceeds from public offerings of $8.0 billion of u.s. dollar denominated debt, approximately $2.0 billion of euro and pound sterling denominated debt and borrowed approximately $2.2 billion on a pound sterling denominated term loan (each as described below). the proceeds from these offerings and funds from the term loan were used to fund a portion of the cash consideration payable in connection with the second step transaction, refinance substantially all of alliance boots outstanding borrowings following the completion of the second step transaction and pay related fees and expenses. additionally in fiscal 2015, we repaid $1.8 billion of notes prior to their stated maturity (as described below). we repurchased shares to support the needs of the employee stock plans totaling $500 million in fiscal 2015, compared to $705 million in fiscal 2014 and $615 million in fiscal 2013. additionally, we purchased $726 million of stock related to the 2014 stock repurchase program in fiscal 2015. no purchases related to the 2014 stock repurchase program were made in fiscal 2014. proceeds related to employee stock plans were $503 million in fiscal 2015, compared to $612 million in fiscal 2014 and $486 million in fiscal 2013. cash dividends paid were $1.4 billion in fiscal 2015 compared to $1.2 billion and $1.0 billion in fiscal 2014 and 2013, respectively. the company intends to continue to maintain a long-term dividend payout ratio target of approximately 30 to 35 percent of adjusted net earnings attributable to walgreens boots alliance, inc.
in august 2014, our board of directors authorized the 2014 stock repurchase program, which authorizes the repurchase of up to $3.0 billion of the company's common stock prior to its expiration on august 31, 2016. we purchased 8.2 million shares under the 2014 stock repurchase program in fiscal 2015 at a cost of $726 million.
we determine the timing and amount of repurchases based on our assessment of various factors including prevailing market conditions, alternate uses of capital, liquidity, the economic environment and other factors. because the consideration payable to rite aid stockholders will be paid in cash, we plan to suspend activity under this program. the timing and amount of purchases under the program may change at any time and from time to time. we have repurchased, and may from time to time in the future repurchase, shares on the open market through rule 10b-1 plans, which enable a company to repurchase shares at times when it otherwise might be precluded from doing so under insider trading laws.
- 40 -
we periodically borrow under our commercial paper program and may continue to borrow under it in future periods. there were no commercial paper borrowings outstanding at august 31, 2015 or 2014. we had average daily short-term borrowings of $82 million of commercial paper outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 0.52% in fiscal 2015 as compared to average daily short-term borrowings of $4 million of commercial paper outstanding at a weighted average interest rate of 0.23% in fiscal 2014.
on november 10, 2014, walgreens boots alliance and walgreens entered into a term loan credit agreement (the "term loan agreement") which provides us with the ability to borrow up to £1.45 billion on an unsecured basis. as of august 31, 2015, we have borrowed £1.45 billion ($2.2 billion at the august 31, 2015 spot rate of $1.54 to £1) under the term loan agreement. borrowings under the term loan agreement bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to the reserve adjusted libor plus an applicable margin based on our credit ratings.
on november 10, 2014, walgreens boots alliance and walgreens entered into a five-year unsecured, multicurrency revolving credit agreement (the "revolving credit agreement"), which replaced prior walgreens agreements dated july 20, 2011 and july 23, 2012. the new unsecured revolving credit agreement initially totaled $2.25 billion, of which $375 million was available for the issuance of letters of credit. on december 29, 2014, upon the affirmative vote of the majority of common shares of walgreens represented and entitled to vote at the walgreens special meeting of shareholders to approve the issuance of the shares necessary to complete the second step transaction, the available credit increased to $3.0 billion, of which $500 million is available for the issuance of letters of credit. the issuance of letters of credit reduces the aggregate amount otherwise available under the revolving credit agreement for the making of revolving loans. borrowings under the revolving credit agreement will bear interest at a fluctuating rate per annum equal to, at our option, the alternate base rate or the reserve adjusted libor, in each case, plus an applicable margin calculated based on our credit ratings.
total upfront fees related to the term loan agreement and revolving credit agreement were $14 million. we pay a facility fee to the financing banks to keep these lines of credit active. at august 31, 2015, there were no borrowings or letters of credit issued against the revolving credit facility.
walgreens guaranteed the punctual payment when due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or otherwise, of all obligations of walgreens boots alliance under the term loan agreement and the revolving credit agreement until august 10, 2015, when such guarantees were unconditionally released and discharged (as described below). see note 10, short-term borrowings and long-term debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
on november 18, 2014, the company issued several series of unsecured, unsubordinated notes totaling $8.0 billion with maturities ranging from 2016 to 2044. all notes issued on november 18, 2014 have fixed interest rates, with the exception of the $750 million notes due 2016 which have a floating rate based on the three-month libor plus a fixed spread of 45 basis points.
on november 20, 2014, the company issued a series of unsecured, unsubordinated notes that included total pound sterling denominated debt of £700 million ($1.1 billion based on the november 20, 2014 exchange rate) with maturities due 2020 and 2025 and euro denominated debt of €750 million ($940 million based on the november 20, 2014 exchange rate) due 2026. all notes issued on november 20, 2014 have fixed interest rates. the notes issued on november 18, 2014 and november 20, 2014 are collectively referred to as the wba notes. the wba notes were, upon initial issuance, fully and unconditionally guaranteed on an unsecured and unsubordinated basis by walgreens. see note 10, short-term borrowings and long-term debt, to the consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k.
on december 19, 2014, walgreens boots alliance and walgreens entered into a revolving credit agreement (the "364-day credit agreement") with the lenders party thereto. the 364-day credit agreement is a 364-day unsecured, multicurrency revolving facility. the aggregate commitment of all lenders under the 364-day credit agreement is $750 million. the company pays a facility fee to the financing banks to keep this line of credit active. at august 31, 2015, there were no borrowings against the 364-day credit agreement. on july 9, 2015, the 364-day credit agreement was amended to remove walgreens as a borrower thereunder, eliminate walgreens' guarantee of all obligations of walgreens boots alliance thereunder and make certain conforming changes to effectuate those modifications, including modifications and deletions of certain definitions and cross-references.
the 364-day credit agreement and the term loan agreement and revolving credit agreement described above each contain a covenant to maintain, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, a ratio of consolidated debt to total capitalization not to exceed 0.60 to 1.00, as well as other customary restrictive covenants. at august 31, 2015, we were in compliance with all such covenants.
- 41 -
in addition, on july 9, 2015, pursuant to an indenture, dated as of july 17, 2008, between walgreens and wells fargo bank, national association, as trustee, notices of redemption were given to (i) holders of 1.800% unsecured notes due 2017 (the "2017 notes") and (ii) holders of 5.25% unsecured notes due 2019 (the "2019 notes"), in each case issued by walgreens under the indenture. as a result, on august 10, 2015 (the "redemption date"), the 2017 notes in the aggregate principal amount of $1.0 billion were redeemed in full and $750 million aggregate principal amount of the 2019 notes were redeemed. the partial redemption of the 2019 notes resulted in $250 million aggregate principal amount of 2019 notes remaining outstanding. the redemption price with respect to the 2017 notes was equal to 101.677% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes to be redeemed, plus accrued interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date. the redemption price with respect to the 2019 notes was equal to 111.734% of the aggregate principal amount of such notes to be redeemed, plus accrued interest thereon to, but excluding, the redemption date.
on august 10, 2015, upon the completion of the redemptions described above, the walgreens guarantees of the wba notes and the term loan agreement and the revolving credit agreement were unconditionally released and discharged in accordance with their terms.
pending transaction. the cash consideration payable to rite aid stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement described under "recent development" above is expected to be financed with a combination of cash on hand and debt financing. on october 27, 2015, the company entered into a bridge facility commitment letter (the "commitment letter") with ubs securities llc and ubs ag, stamford branch for a $12.8 billion senior unsecured bridge facility (the "facility"). subject to certain customary terms and conditions, the facility may be used to fund, in part, the cash consideration payable to rite aid stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement, to repay the indebtedness of rite aid to be repaid in connection with the transaction and to pay related fees and expenses.
borrowings under the facility will bear interest at a fluctuating rate equal to, at our option, libor or the applicable base rate, plus a margin calculated as described in the commitment letter. we will also pay certain customary fees as described in the commitment letter. the facility, if funded, will mature 364 days after the initial borrowings; provided that the company can extend up to $3.0 billion of the facility for an additional 90 day period if desired. the closing of the facility and the availability of the loans thereunder are subject to the satisfaction of certain customary conditions as provided in the commitment letter. the definitive loan documentation for the facility will contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative, negative and financial covenants and events of default consistent with the terms set forth in the commitment letter and otherwise substantially similar to the terms set forth in our existing revolving credit agreement, dated as of november 10, 2014, in all material respects unless otherwise mutually and reasonably agreed.
as of october 28, 2015, the credit ratings of walgreens boots alliance were:
rating agency       long-term debt rating    commercial             status paper rating

moody's                 baa2                    p-2            on review for downgrade standard &amp; poor's   bbb                     a-2            negative outlook in connection with the pending acquisition of rite aid, we expect that each of these rating agencies will review and update their ratings of our credit to reflect their assessment of the transaction and related matters. there can be no assurance that any particular rating will be assigned. in assessing our credit strength, both moody's and standard & poor's consider various factors including our business model, capital structure, financial policies and financial performance. our credit ratings impact our borrowing costs, access to capital markets and operating lease costs. the rating agency ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our debt securities or commercial paper. each rating may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency and should be evaluated independently of any other rating.
pursuant to our arrangements with amerisourcebergen, we have the right, but not the obligation, to purchase a minority equity position in amerisourcebergen over time through open market purchases and pursuant to warrants to acquire amerisourcebergen common stock. we can acquire up to 19,859,795 shares in the open market, which represents approximately 7% of the outstanding amerisourcebergen common stock on a fully diluted basis, assuming exercise in full of the warrants. the amount of permitted open market purchases is subject to increase in certain circumstances. we have purchased a total of approximately 11.5 million amerisourcebergen shares in the open market. we have funded and plan to continue funding these purchases over time. share purchases may be made from time to time in open market transactions or pursuant to instruments and plans complying with rule 10b5-1.
if we elect to exercise the two warrants issued by amerisourcebergen in full, we would, subject to the terms and conditions of such warrants, be required to make a cash payment of approximately $1.2 billion in connection with the exercise of the first warrant during a six-month period beginning in march 2016 and $1.2 billion in connection with the exercise of the second warrant during a six-month period beginning in march 2017. our ability to invest in equity in amerisourcebergen above certain thresholds is subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals.
we believe that cash flow from operations, availability under our existing credit facilities and arrangements, current cash and investment balances and our ability to obtain other financing, if necessary, will provide adequate cash funds for foreseeable working capital needs, capital expenditures at existing facilities, dividend payments and debt service obligations for at least the next 12 months. our cash requirements are subject to change as business conditions warrant and opportunities arise. the timing and size of any new business ventures or acquisitions that we complete may also impact our cash requirements.
see item 7a (qualitative and quantitative disclosures about market risk) below for a discussion of certain financing and market risks.
commitments and contingencies the information set forth in note 13 to our consolidated financial statements included in part ii, item 8 of this form 10-k is incorporated herein by reference.
- 42 -
critical accounting policies the consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the united states of america and include amounts based on management's prudent judgments and estimates. actual results may differ from these estimates. management believes that any reasonable deviation from those judgments and estimates would not have a material impact on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. to the extent that the estimates used differ from actual results, however, adjustments to the statement of earnings and corresponding balance sheet accounts would be necessary. these adjustments would be made in future periods. some of the more significant estimates include business combinations, goodwill and other intangible asset impairment, allowance for doubtful accounts, vendor allowances, asset impairments, liability for closed locations, cost of sales and inventory, equity method investments, pension and postretirement benefits and income taxes. we use the following methods to determine our estimates:
business combinations - we account for business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting, which requires that once control is obtained, all the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including amounts attributable to noncontrolling interests, be recorded at their respective fair values at the date of acquisition. the determination of fair values of assets and liabilities acquired requires estimates and the use of valuation techniques when market value is not readily available.
for intangible assets, we typically use the income approach to determine fair value.  the income approach requires management to make significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions primarily include, but are not limited to: the discount rates; terminal growth rates; and forecasts of revenue, operating income, depreciation and amortization and capital expenditures. the discount rates which are applied to the projections reflect the risk factors associated with those projections.
although we believe our estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making such estimates. changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on the determination of the fair value of the intangible assets acquired.
judgment is also required in determining the intangible asset's useful life as different assets will have different lives, with some assets determined to have indefinite useful lives.
goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment - goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are not amortized, but are evaluated for impairment annually during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying value. as part of our impairment analysis for each reporting unit, we engage a third party appraisal firm to assist in the determination of estimated fair value for each reporting unit. this determination includes estimating the fair value using both the income and market approaches. the income approach requires management to estimate a number of factors for each reporting unit, including projected future operating results, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and discount rates. the market approach estimates fair value using comparable marketplace fair value data from within a comparable industry grouping.
the determination of the fair value of the reporting units and the allocation of that value to individual assets and liabilities within those reporting units requires us to make significant estimates and assumptions. these estimates and assumptions primarily include, but are not limited to: the selection of appropriate peer group companies; control premiums appropriate for acquisitions in the industries in which we compete; the discount rates; terminal growth rates; and forecasts of revenue, operating income, depreciation and amortization and capital expenditures. the allocation requires several analyses to determine the fair value of assets and liabilities including, among other things, purchased prescription files, customer relationships, pharmacy licenses and trade names. although we believe our estimates of fair value are reasonable, actual financial results could differ from those estimates due to the inherent uncertainty involved in making such estimates. changes in assumptions concerning future financial results or other underlying assumptions could have a significant impact on either the fair value of the reporting units, the amount of any goodwill impairment charge, or both.
we also compared the sum of the estimated fair values of the reporting units to the company's total value as implied by the market value of the company's equity and debt securities. this comparison indicated that, in total, our assumptions and estimates were reasonable. however, future declines in the overall market value of the company's equity and debt securities may indicate that the fair value of one or more reporting units has declined below its carrying value.
one measure of the sensitivity of the amount of goodwill impairment charges to key assumptions is the amount by which each reporting unit "passed" (fair value exceeds the carrying amount) or "failed" (the carrying amount exceeds fair value) the first step of the goodwill impairment test. our reporting units' fair values exceeded their carrying amounts ranging from approximately 12% to more than 130%. see note 9, goodwill and other intangible assets, to the consolidated financial statements for additional information.
- 43 -
indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested by comparing the estimated fair value of the asset to its carrying value. if the carrying value of the asset exceeds its estimated fair value, an impairment loss is recognized and the asset is written down to its estimated fair value.
our indefinite-lived intangible asset fair value is estimated by discounting the hypothetical royalty payments to their present value over the estimated economic life of the asset. these estimates can be affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, general economic conditions, availability of market information as well as our profitability.
based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine impairment.
allowance for doubtful accounts - the provision for bad debt is based on estimates of recoverability using both historical write-off percentages and specifically identified receivables. based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine the allowance.
vendor allowances - vendor allowances are principally received as a result of purchases, sales or promotion of vendors' products. allowances are generally recorded as a reduction of inventory and are recognized as a reduction of cost of sales when the related merchandise is sold. those allowances received for promoting vendors' products are offset against advertising expense and result in a reduction of selling, general and administrative expenses to the extent of advertising incurred, with the excess treated as a reduction of inventory costs. based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine vendor allowances.
asset impairments - the impairment of long-lived assets is assessed based upon both qualitative and quantitative factors, including years of operation and expected future cash flows, and tested for impairment annually or whenever events or circumstances indicate that a certain asset may be impaired. if the future cash flows reveal that the carrying value of the asset group may not be recoverable, an impairment charge is immediately recorded. based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine asset impairments.
liability for closed locations - the liability is based on the present value of future rent obligations and other related costs (net of estimated sublease rent) to the first lease option date. based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine the liability.
cost of sales and inventory - drugstore cost of sales in the retail pharmacy usa segment is derived based on point-of-sale scanning information with an estimate for shrinkage and adjusted based on periodic inventory counts. inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market determined by the last-in, first-out ("lifo") method for the retail pharmacy usa segment and on a first-in first-out ("fifo") basis for inventory in the retail pharmacy international and pharmaceutical wholesale segments except for retail inventory in the retail pharmacy international segment, which is valued using the retail method. based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine cost of sales or inventory.
equity method investments - we use the equity method to account for investments in companies if the investment provides the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over operating and financial policies of the investee. our proportionate share of the net income or loss of these companies is included in consolidated net earnings. judgment regarding the level of influence over each equity method investment includes considering key factors such as our ownership interest, representation on the board of directors, participation in policy-making decisions and material purchase and sale transactions. based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine the amounts recorded for equity method investments.
- 44 -
pension and postretirement benefits - we have various defined benefit pension plans that cover some of our foreign employees. we also have postretirement healthcare plans that cover qualifying domestic employees. eligibility and the level of benefits for these plans varies depending on participants' status, date of hire and or length of service. our pension and postretirement expenses and valuations are dependent on assumptions used by our actuaries in calculating those amounts. these assumptions include discount rates, healthcare cost trends, long-term rate of return on plan assets, retirement rates, mortality rates and other factors. in determining our long-term rate of return on plan assets assumption, we consider both the historical performance of the investment portfolio as well as the long-term market return expectations based on the investment mix of the portfolio.
our policy is to fund our pension plans in accordance with applicable regulations. our postretirement healthcare plans are not funded. based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine pension and postretirement benefits.
income taxes - we are subject to routine income tax audits that occur periodically in the normal course of business. u.s. federal, state, local and foreign tax authorities raise questions regarding our tax filing positions, including the timing and amount of deductions and the allocation of income among various tax jurisdictions. in evaluating the tax benefits associated with our various tax filing positions, we record a tax benefit for uncertain tax positions using the highest cumulative tax benefit that is more likely than not to be realized. adjustments are made to our liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the period in which we determine the issue is effectively settled with the tax authorities, the statute of limitations expires for the return containing the tax position or when more information becomes available. our liability for unrecognized tax benefits, including accrued penalties and interest, is primarily included in other long-term liabilities and current income taxes on our consolidated balance sheets and in income tax provision in our consolidated statements of earnings.
in determining our provision for income taxes, we use income, permanent differences between book and tax income, and enacted statutory income tax rates. the provision for income taxes also reflects our assessment of the ultimate outcome of tax audits in addition to any foreign-based income deemed to be taxable in the united states. discrete events such as audit settlements or changes in tax laws are recognized in the period in which they occur. based on current knowledge, we do not believe there is a reasonable likelihood that there will be a material change in the estimates or assumptions used to determine the amounts recorded for income taxes.
contractual obligations and commitments the following table lists our contractual obligations and commitments at august 31, 2015 (in millions):
payments due by period

total              less than             1-3 years              3-5 years                over 5
1 year                                                              years operating leases(1)                                                 $37,970                 $3,141                $5,952                 $5,252               $23,625
purchase obligations(2):                                              3,455                  2,836                   552                     66                     1
open inventory purchase orders                                        2,114                  2,108                     6                      -                     -
real estate development                                                 543                    325                   188                     30                     -
other corporate obligations                                             798                    403                   358                     36                     1
short-term borrowings and long-term debt*                            14,444                  1,070                   754                  3,733                 8,887
interest payment on short-term borrowings and long-term debt          6,408                    330                   643                  2,718                 2,717
insurance*                                                              567                    157                   178                     76                   156
retirement benefit obligations                                        1,400                     98                   121                    180                 1,001
closed location obligations*                                            446                     78                   100                     63                   205
capital lease obligations*(1)                                         1,198                     69                   127                    121                   881
finance lease obligations                                             1,324                     18                    36                     36                 1,234
other liabilities reflected on the balance sheet*(3)                  1,266                    231                   307                    206                   522
total                                                               $71,933                $10,864                $9,322                $12,517               $39,230
- 45 -
*   recorded on balance sheet.

(1)   amounts for operating leases and capital leases do not include certain operating expenses under these leases such as common area maintenance, insurance and real estate taxes. these expenses were $437 million for the fiscal year ended august 31, 2015.

(2)   purchase obligations include agreements to purchase goods or services that are enforceable and legally binding and that specify all significant terms, including open purchase orders.

(3)   includes $297 million ($73 million in less than 1 year, $149 million in 1-3 years, $75 million in 3-5 years and none over 5 years) of unrecognized tax benefits recorded under accounting standards codification topic 740, income taxes.

the information in the foregoing table is presented as of august 31, 2015 and accordingly does not reflect obligations under agreements we entered into after that date, including the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby described under "recent development" above.
off-balance sheet arrangements we do not have any unconsolidated special purpose entities and, except as described herein, we do not have significant exposure to any off-balance sheet arrangements. the term "off-balance sheet arrangement" generally means any transaction, agreement or other contractual arrangement to which an entity unconsolidated with us is a party, under which we have: (i) any obligation arising under a guarantee contract, derivative instrument or variable interest; or (ii) a retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to such entity or similar arrangement that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support for such assets.
at august 31, 2015, we have issued $482 million in letters of credit, primarily related to insurance obligations. we also had $10 million of guarantees to various suppliers outstanding at august 31, 2015. the company remains secondarily liable on 71 leases. the maximum potential undiscounted future payments related to these leases was $351 million at august 31, 2015.
recent accounting pronouncements in august 2015, the financial accounting standards board (fasb) issued accounting standards update (asu) 2015-15, interest - imputation of interest (subtopic 835-30). this asu provides additional guidance on asu 2015-03, interest - imputation of interest. these asus require debt issuance costs to be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the debt liability, consistent with debt discounts or premiums and further specify debt issuance costs as part of line-of-credit arrangements should be treated in the manner described above. recognition and measurement guidance for debt issuance costs are not affected. these asus are effective for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2015 (fiscal 2017). as permitted, the company early adopted asu 2015-03 beginning in the third quarter of fiscal 2015. the impact of this asu reduced non-current assets and long-term debt by $20 million at august 31, 2014, respectively. this asu has no impact on the statement of earnings or statement of cash flows. the additional guidance provided in asu 2015-15 had no material financial statement impact.
in august 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-14, revenue from contracts with customers (topic 606), an update to asu 2014-09. this asu amends asu 2014-09 to defer the effective date by one year for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2017 (fiscal 2019). early adoption is permitted for annual reporting periods beginning after december 15, 2016 (fiscal 2018). asu 2014-09 provides a new revenue recognition standard with a five-step analysis of transactions to determine when and how revenue is recognized. the core principle is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. the company is evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance.
in july 2015, the fasb issued asu 2015-11, inventory (topic 330). this asu simplifies current accounting treatments by requiring entities to measure most inventories at "the lower of cost and net realizable value" rather than using lower of cost or market. this guidance does not apply to inventories measured using last-in, first-out (lifo) method or the retail inventory method (rim). this asu is effective prospectively for annual periods beginning after december 15, 2016 and interim periods thereafter (fiscal 2018) with early adoption permitted. upon transition, entities must disclose the accounting change. the company is evaluating the effect of adopting this new accounting guidance but does not expect adoption will have a material impact on the company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
- 46 -
in november 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-17, pushdown accounting. this asu provides companies with the option to apply pushdown accounting in its separate financial statements upon occurrence of an event in which an acquirer obtains control of the acquired entity. the election to apply pushdown accounting can be made either in the period in which the change of control occurred, or in a subsequent period. this asu is effective as of november 18, 2014. the adoption did not have a material impact on the company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.
in april 2014, the fasb issued asu 2014-08, reporting discontinued operations and disclosures of disposals of components of an entity. this asu raises the threshold for a disposal to qualify as discontinued operations and requires new disclosures for individually material disposal transactions that do not meet the definition of a discontinued operation. under the new standard, companies report discontinued operations when they have a disposal that represents a strategic shift that has or will have a major impact on operations or financial results. this update will be applied prospectively and is effective for annual periods, and interim periods within those years, beginning after december 15, 2014 (fiscal 2016). early adoption is permitted provided the disposal was not previously disclosed. this update will not have a material impact on the company's reported results of operations and financial position. the impact is non-cash in nature and will not affect the company's cash position.
cautionary note regarding forward-looking statements this report and other documents that we file or furnish with the sec contain forward-looking statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about our future performance, our business, our beliefs and our management's assumptions. in addition, we, or others on our behalf, may make forward-looking statements in press releases or written statements, on the company's website or in our communications and discussions with investors and analysts in the normal course of business through meetings, webcasts, phone calls, conference calls and other communications. some of such forward-looking statements may be based on certain data and forecasts relating to our business and industry that we have obtained from internal surveys, market research, publicly available information and industry publications. industry publications, surveys and market research generally state that the information they provide has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but that the accuracy and completeness of such information is not guaranteed. statements that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements regarding our future financial and operating performance, as well as forward-looking statements concerning the merger agreement with rite aid and the transactions contemplated thereby and their possible effects, our integration of alliance boots, corporate efficiency initiatives, our commercial agreement with amerisourcebergen, the arrangements and transactions contemplated by our framework agreement with amerisourcebergen and their possible effects, estimates of the impact of developments on our earnings, earnings per share and other financial and operating metrics, cough/cold and flu season, prescription volume, pharmacy sales trends, prescription margins, generic prescription drug inflation, number and location of new store openings, network participation, vendor, payer and customer relationships and terms, possible new contracts or contract extensions, competition, economic and business conditions, outcomes of litigation and regulatory matters, the level of capital expenditures, industry trends, demographic trends, growth strategies, financial results, cost reduction initiatives, impairment or other charges, acquisition and joint venture synergies, competitive strengths and changes in legislation or regulations. words such as "expect," "likely," "outlook," "forecast," "preliminary," "would," "could," "should," "can," "will," "project," "intend," "plan," "goal," "guidance," "target," "continue," "sustain," "synergy," "on track," "headwind," "tailwind," "believe," "seek," "estimate," "anticipate," "may," "possible," "assume," variations of such words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements, which are made pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the private securities litigation reform act of 1995.
these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to vary materially from those indicated, including, but not limited to, those relating to the impact of private and public third-party payers' efforts to reduce prescription drug reimbursements, the impact of generic prescription drug inflation, the timing and magnitude of the impact of branded to generic drug conversions, our ability to realize anticipated synergies and achieve anticipated financial, tax and operating results in the amounts and at the times anticipated, supply arrangements including our commercial agreement with amerisourcebergen, the arrangements and transactions contemplated by our framework agreement with amerisourcebergen and their possible effects, the risks associated with equity investments in amerisourcebergen including whether the warrants to invest in amerisourcebergen will be exercised and the ramifications thereof, the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination, cross-termination or modification of any of our contractual obligations, the amount of costs, fees, expenses and charges incurred in connection with strategic transactions, whether the actual costs associated with restructuring activities will exceed estimates, our ability to realize expected savings and benefits from cost-savings initiatives, restructuring activities and acquisitions in the amounts and at the times anticipated, the timing and amount of any impairment or other charges, changes in management's assumptions, the risks associated with governance and control matters, the ability to retain key personnel, changes in economic and business conditions generally or in the markets in which we participate, changes in financial markets, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, the risks associated with international business operations, the risk of unexpected costs, liabilities or delays, changes in vendor, customer and payer relationships and terms, including changes in network participation and reimbursement terms, risks of inflation in the cost of goods, risks associated with the operation and growth of our customer loyalty programs, competition, risks associated with new business areas and activities, risks associated with acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures and strategic investments, including those relating to our ability to satisfy the closing conditions and consummate the pending acquisition of rite aid and related financing matters on a timely basis or at all, the risks associated with the integration of complex businesses, subsequent adjustments to preliminary purchase accounting determinations, outcomes of legal and regulatory matters, including with respect to regulatory review and actions in connection with the pending acquisition of rite aid, and changes in legislation, regulations or interpretations thereof. these and other risks, assumptions and uncertainties are described in item la (risk factors) above and in other documents that we file or furnish with the sec. should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those indicated or anticipated by such forward-looking statements. accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. except to the extent required by law, we do not undertake, and expressly disclaim, any duty or obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement after the date the statement is made, whether as a result of new information, future events, changes in assumptions or otherwise.
- 47 -
