item 1a.   risk factors the risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the u.s. and globally.
strategic risks general or macro-economic factors, both domestically and internationally, may materially adversely affect our financial performance.
general economic conditions, globally or in one or more of the markets we serve, may adversely affect our financial performance. higher interest rates, lower or higher prices of petroleum products, including crude oil, natural gas, gasoline, and diesel fuel, higher costs for electricity and other energy, weakness in the housing market, inflation, deflation, increased costs of essential services, such as medical care and utilities, higher levels of unemployment, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, higher consumer debt levels, changes in consumer spending and shopping patterns, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, higher tax rates, imposition of new taxes and surcharges, other changes in tax laws, other regulatory changes, overall economic slowdown and other economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for the products and services we sell through our business, change the mix of products we sell to one with a lower average gross margin, cause a slowdown in discretionary purchases of goods, otherwise adversely affect our net sales and result in slower inventory turnover and greater markdowns on inventory.
higher levels of unemployment, inflation, deflation, decreases in consumer disposable income, unavailability of consumer credit, changes in consumer spending and shopping patterns, changes in tax and other laws, higher fuel and other energy costs, weakness in the local housing market, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, currency devaluations and other adverse developments in the economies of the other countries in which we operate may adversely affect consumer demand for our merchandise in those countries, especially those countries in which average incomes are significantly lower than average incomes in the u.s. these conditions may adversely affect our net sales, gross margins, cost of sales, inventory turnover and markdowns or otherwise adversely affect our operations and consolidated operating results.
higher interest rates, lower or higher prices of petroleum products, including crude oil, natural gas, gasoline, and diesel fuel, higher costs for electricity and other energy, higher transportation costs, inflation, higher commodity prices, higher costs of labor, insurance and healthcare, currency exchange rate fluctuations, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, changes in healthcare laws, the imposition of measures that create barriers to or increase the costs associated with international trade, changes in other laws and regulations and other economic factors in the u.s. and other countries in which we have operations can increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our domestic and international operations and our operating results. the economic factors that affect our operations also affect the operations and economic viability of our suppliers from whom we purchase goods, a factor that can result in an increase in the cost to us of the goods we sell to our customers or, in more extreme cases, could result in certain suppliers not producing goods in the volume typically available to us for sale.
we may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends or preferences, whether involving physical retail, digital retail or the integration of physical and digital retail, which could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.
it is difficult to predict consistently and successfully the products and services our customers will demand. the success of our business depends in part on how accurately we predict consumer demand, availability of merchandise, the related impact on the demand for existing products and the competitive environment, whether for customers purchasing products at our stores and clubs, through our digital retail businesses or through the combination of both retail offerings. a critical piece of identifying consumer preferences involves price transparency, assortment of products, customer experience, convenience and the speed and cost of shipping. these factors are of primary importance to customers and they continue to increase in importance, particularly as a result of digital tools and social media available to consumers and the choices available to consumers for purchasing products online, at physical locations or through a combination of both retail offerings. failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including the key factors described above) and spending patterns, whether for our physical retail offerings, digital retail offerings or the integration of physical retail and digital retail, could negatively affect our relationship with our customers, the demand for our products and services and our market share.
17
we face strong competition from other retailers and wholesale club operators (whether through physical retail, digital retail or through the integration of both areas), which could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the retail business is highly competitive. each of our segments competes for customers, employees, store and club sites, products and services and in other important aspects of its business with many other local, regional, national and global retailers and wholesale club operators, as well as other national and international internet-based retailers and retail intermediaries. our walmart u.s. segment competes with retailers operating discount, department, drug, dollar, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores and hypermarkets, as well as e-commerce and catalog businesses. our sam's club segment competes with other wholesale club operators, as well as discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers and general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, gasoline stations, as well as e-commerce retailers, wholesalers and catalog businesses.
internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department, drug, dollar stores, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter-type stores, hypermarkets, wholesale clubs, home-improvement stores, specialty electronics stores, apparel stores, wholesale clubs, cash & carry operations, convenience stores and e-commerce and catalog businesses. we compete with such retailers, wholesale club operators and e-commerce retailers in a variety of ways, including the prices at which we sell our merchandise, the merchandise selection and availability, services offered to customers, location, store hours, in-store amenities, the shopping convenience and overall shopping experience we offer, the attractiveness and ease of use of our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, cost and speed of and options for delivery to our customers of the merchandise they purchase from us online, through mobile commerce applications and the integration of our physical locations with our digital retail operations.
where necessary, to compete effectively with competitors who price merchandise at points lower than the prices we set under our edlp philosophy, we will lower our prices on goods for sale. our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could materially adversely affect our financial performance. see "item 1. business" above for additional discussion of our competitive situation in each of our reportable segments.
although the retail industry as a whole is highly fragmented, certain segments of the retail industry may undergo consolidation from time to time, which could result in increased competition and significantly alter the dynamics of the retail marketplace. such consolidation may result in competitors with greatly improved financial resources, improved access to merchandise, greater market penetration than they previously enjoyed and other improvements in their competitive positions. such business combinations could result in the provision of a wider variety of products and services at competitive prices by such consolidated companies, which could adversely affect our financial performance.
consumers are increasingly embracing shopping online and through mobile commerce applications. as a result, a greater portion of total consumer expenditures with all retailers and wholesale clubs could occur online and through mobile commerce applications. if we fail to maintain or grow our overall market position through the integration of our physical retail presence and digital retail, our net sales and financial performance could be adversely affected. in addition, a greater concentration of retail and wholesale club sales in online and mobile commerce sales could result in a reduction in the amount of traffic we have in our stores and clubs, which would, in turn, reduce the opportunities for cross-store or cross-club sales of merchandise that such in-store and in-club traffic creates and could reduce our sales within our stores and materially adversely affect the financial performance of the physical side of our segments' overall operations.
operational risks natural disasters, changes in climate, and geo-political events could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, weather conditions such as major or extended winter storms, droughts and tornadoes, whether as a result of climate change or otherwise, severe changes in climate and geo-political events, such as civil unrest or terrorist attacks in a country in which we operate or in which our suppliers are located could adversely affect our operations and financial performance. such events could result in physical damage to, or the complete loss of, one or more of our properties, the closure of one or more stores, clubs and distribution facilities, the lack of an adequate work force in a market, the inability of customers and our associates to reach or have transportation to our stores and clubs directly affected by such events, the evacuation of the populace from areas in which our stores, clubs and distribution facilities are located, the unavailability of our retail websites and mobile commerce applications to our customers, changes in the purchasing patterns of consumers and in consumers' disposable income, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, the disruption or delay in the delivery of goods to our distribution facilities or stores within a country in which we are operating, the reduction in the availability of products in our stores, the disruption of utility services to our stores and our facilities, and disruption in our communications with our stores. these events and their impacts could otherwise disrupt and adversely affect our operations in the areas in which these types of events occur, such as superstorm sandy in the u.s. in 2012, or numerous winter storm systems in the u.s. in 2013, 2014 and 2015, and could adversely affect our financial performance.
18
in light of the substantial premiums payable for insurance coverage for losses caused by certain natural disasters, such as hurricanes, cyclones, typhoons, tropical storms, earthquakes, floods and tsunamis in the current insurance market, as well as the limitations on available coverage for such losses, we have chosen to be primarily self-insured with respect to such losses. although we maintain certain specific coverages for losses from physical damages in excess of certain amounts to guard against catastrophic losses suffered from such causes, we still bear the risk of losses that would be incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any stores, clubs and distribution facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption caused by any such events below catastrophic levels of coverage, as well as in the event of a catastrophe, in excess of the aggregate limits of applicable coverages. significant losses caused by such events could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
the products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. we expect all of our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor, safety and environmental laws, and to otherwise meet our required supplier standards of conduct. our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the u.s.
political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers and their manufacturers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet certain of our supplier standards (including our responsible sourcing standards), labor problems experienced by our suppliers and their manufacturers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise safety and quality issues, disruption in the transportation of merchandise from the suppliers and manufacturers to our stores, clubs, and other facilities, including as a result of labor slowdowns at any port at which a material amount of merchandise we purchase enters into the u.s., currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, transport security, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control.
in addition, the u.s.'s foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. these and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our financial performance.
if the products we sell are not safe or otherwise fail to meet our customers' expectations, we could lose customers, incur liability for any injuries suffered by our customers using or consuming a product we sell or otherwise experience material adverse effects to our financial performance.
our customers count on us to provide them with safe products. concerns regarding the safety of food and non-food products that we source from our suppliers or that we prepare and then sell could cause customers to avoid purchasing certain products from us, or to seek alternative sources of supply for all of their food and non-food needs, even if the basis for the concern is outside of our control. any lost confidence on the part of our customers would be difficult and costly to reestablish. as such, any issue regarding the safety of any food and non-food items we sell, regardless of the cause, could adversely affect our financial performance.
we rely extensively on information systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. disruptions in both our primary and secondary (back-up) systems could harm our ability to conduct our operations.
although we have independent, redundant and physically separate primary and secondary information systems, given the number of individual transactions we have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical information systems. our information systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, worms, other malicious computer programs, denial-of-service attacks, security breaches (through cyberattacks from cyber-attackers and sophisticated organizations), catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, earthquakes and hurricanes, and usage errors by our associates. if our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. any material interruption in both our information systems and back-up systems may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. in addition, we are pursuing complex initiatives to transform our information technology processes and systems, which will include, for many of our information systems, establishing common processes across our lines of business. the risk of system disruption is increased when significant system changes are undertaken, although we believe that our change management process will mitigate this risk. if we fail to integrate our information systems and processes, we may fail to realize the cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives.
19
if the technology-based systems that give our customers the ability to shop with us online do not function effectively, our operating results, as well as our ability to grow our e-commerce business globally, could be materially adversely affected.
many of our customers shop with us over our e-commerce websites and mobile commerce applications, including walmart.com and samsclub.com in the u.s. and our retail websites in 10 other countries, which are a part of our multi-channel sales strategy. increasingly, customers are using computers, tablets, and smart phones to shop online and through mobile commerce applications with us and with our competitors and to do comparison shopping. we are increasingly using social media to interact with our customers and as a means to enhance their shopping experience. as a part of our multi-channel sales strategy, we offer "walmart pickup" and "club pickup" and in a growing number of locations, "online grocery" programs under which many products available for purchase online can be shipped to and picked up by the customer at his or her local walmart store or sam's club, which provides additional customer traffic at such stores and clubs. multi-channel retailing is a rapidly evolving part of the retail industry and of our operations in the u.s. and in a number of markets in which our walmart international segment operates.
we must anticipate and meet our customers' changing expectations while adjusting for new developments and technology investments by our competitors through focusing on the building and delivery of a seamless shopping experience across all channels by each operating segment. any failure on our part to provide attractive, user-friendly e-commerce platforms that offer a wide assortment of merchandise at competitive prices and with low cost and rapid delivery options and that continually meet the changing expectations of online shoppers and developments in online and mobile commerce application merchandising and related technology could place us at a competitive disadvantage, result in the loss of e-commerce and other sales, harm our reputation with customers, have a material adverse impact on the growth of our e-commerce business globally and could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.
any failure to maintain the security of the information relating to our company, customers, members, associates and vendors that we hold, whether as a result of cybersecurity attacks on our information systems or otherwise, could damage our reputation with customers, members, associates, vendors and others, could cause us to incur substantial additional costs and to become subject to litigation, and could materially adversely affect our operating results.
as do most retailers, we receive and store in our digital information systems certain personal information about our customers and members, and we receive and store personal information concerning our associates and vendors. we also utilize third-party service providers for a variety of reasons, including, without limitation, encryption and authentication technology, content delivery to customers, back-office support, and other functions. in addition, our online operations at www.walmart.com, www.samsclub.com and our websites in certain of our foreign markets depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. each year, cyber-attackers make numerous attempts to access the information stored in our information systems. we maintain substantial security measures to protect, and to prevent unauthorized access to, such information and have security processes, protocols and standards that are applicable to our third-party service providers to protect information from our systems to which they have access to under their engagements with us.
however, we or our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate one or more of the rapidly evolving and increasingly sophisticated means by which cyber-attackers may attempt to defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and breach our or our third-party service providers' information systems. during fiscal 2016, we were notified that a third party service provider that hosts the online photo center for walmart canada suffered a security breach that compromised information of users of that company's site, including some walmart canada customers, which we believe has not had a material impact on walmart canada or the company. walmart canada discontinued use of this third party service provider. sam's club in the united states also used the same third party service provider to host its online photo center through a different system than the one used by walmart canada. after the breach in canada, sam's club suspended the operation of the online photo center until a security review could be completed by the third party service provider. once the security review was complete and new technology with enhanced security measures was implemented by the third party service provider, along with a determination that the information of sam's club members was not compromised by the security breach, sam's club resumed the operation of the online photo center through the same third party service provider.
cyber threats are rapidly evolving and are becoming increasingly sophisticated. as cyber threats evolve and become more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber threats might defeat our security measures or those of our third-party service providers in the future like the incident referenced above and obtain the personal information of customers, members, associates and vendors that we hold or to which our third-party service providers have access, and we or our third-party service providers may not discover any security breach and loss of information for a significant period of time after the security breach occurs. moreover, associate error or malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularities may result in a defeat of our or our third-party service providers' security measures and breach our or our third-party service providers' information systems (whether digital or otherwise).
20
any breach of our security measures or those of our third-party service providers and loss of our confidential information, which could be undetected for a period of time, or any failure by us to comply with applicable privacy and information security laws and regulations could cause us to incur significant costs to protect any customers and members whose personal data was compromised and to restore customer and member confidence in us and to make changes to our information systems and administrative processes to address security issues and compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
in addition, such events could materially adversely affect our reputation with our customers, members, associates, vendors and shareholders, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, could result in the release to the public of confidential information about our operations and financial condition and performance and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties, fines, fees or liabilities, which may not be covered by our insurance policies. moreover, a security breach could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the security breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures that we employ to guard such important personal information against cyberattacks and other attempts to access such information and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our digital retail operations.
we accept payments using a variety of methods, including cash, checks, credit and debit cards, our private label cards and gift cards, and we may offer new payment options over time, which may have information security risk implications. by accepting debit and credit cards as a retailer for payment, we are subject to the payment card industry data security standard ("pci dss"), issued by the payment card industry security standards council. pci dss contains compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. the payment card industry set october 1, 2015 as the date on which it will shift liability for certain transactions to retailers who are not able to accept europay, mastercard, visa (emv) chip card credit and debit transactions. while we already accept many emv cards, if we are unable to fully implement emv as planned, we may incur increased costs associated with the liability shift. by accepting debit cards for payment, we are also subject to compliance with the american national standards institute encryption standards and payment network security operating guidelines. even though we comply with these guidelines and standards and other information security measures, we cannot be certain that the security measures we maintain to protect all of our information technology systems are able to prevent, contain or detect any cyberattacks, cyber terrorism, or security breaches from known malware or malware that may be developed in the future. to the extent that any disruption results in the loss, damage or misappropriation of information, we may be materially adversely affected by claims from customers, financial institutions, regulatory authorities, payment card networks and others. in addition, the cost of complying with stricter privacy and information security laws and standards could be significant to us.
our failure to attract and retain qualified associates, increases in wage and benefit costs, changes in laws and other labor issues could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
our ability to continue to conduct and expand our operations depends on our ability to attract and retain a large and growing number of qualified associates globally. our ability to meet our labor needs, including our ability to find qualified personnel to fill positions that become vacant at our existing stores, clubs and distribution centers, while controlling our associate wage and related labor costs, is generally subject to numerous external factors, including the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force of the markets in which we are located, unemployment levels within those markets, prevailing wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and adoption of new or revised employment and labor laws and regulations. if we are unable to locate, to attract or to retain qualified personnel, the quality of service we provide to our customers may decrease and our financial performance may be adversely affected.
the wage increases for over 500,000 associates in our operations in the u.s. and investment in other initiatives for our associates in the u.s. that we announced in february 2015, and related wage increases for 1.2 million associates aggregating $1.5 billion in the year ending january 31, 2017 ("fiscal 2017") will increase our wage and other labor expenses significantly. if we cannot offset the increases in our wage expenses resulting from those wage increases by increasing our gross profit, achieving decreases in our operating, selling, general and administrative expense or a combination of both in the year ending january 31, 2018 and thereafter, our consolidated operating income and our consolidated income from continuing operations could continue to be less than our consolidated operating income and consolidated income from continuing operations for our fiscal years prior to fiscal 2017. in addition, if our costs of labor or related costs increase even more significantly for other reasons or if new or revised labor laws, rules or regulations or healthcare laws are adopted or implemented that further increase our labor costs, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected.
21
we may face impediments to our expansion of physical retail in the u.s., which may materially adversely affect our financial performance.
our expansion strategy in the u.s. depends upon our ability to execute our retail concepts successfully in new markets within the u.s. and upon our ability to increase the number of stores in markets in which we currently have operations. our ability to open additional supercenters, discount stores, neighborhood markets, other store formats, and sam's clubs depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. local real estate, land use, zoning, and other regulations restricting the construction of buildings of the type in which we operate our various formats, as well as local community action opposed to the location of specific stores at specific sites and the adoption of certain local laws restricting our operations, may affect our ability to open new stores and clubs, to convert discount stores into supercenters or to relocate or expand existing units in certain cities and states, including in market areas in which we have no existing operations.
increased real estate, construction and development costs could limit our growth opportunities and our ability to convert our discount stores into supercenters. moreover, our expansion in our existing local market areas may be limited if the opening of new stores or clubs would result in an unacceptable level of cannibalization of the sales of existing stores or clubs. if we are unable to open new supercenters, discount stores, neighborhood markets, other small formats or sam's clubs or continue to convert discount stores into supercenters, our financial performance, such as net sales and operating income growth, could be materially adversely affected. in addition, if consumers in the markets into which we expand or in which we build stores of a new format are not receptive to our retail concepts or are otherwise not receptive to our presence in a market, our financial performance could be adversely affected.
impediments to the expansion of our walmart international operations could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
our business strategy for our walmart international segment includes expansion by selective acquisitions and strategic alliances that add new stores and markets to our existing walmart international business, as well as opening new units in the countries in which we have existing operations. in the countries in which we have existing operations, new units may be opened in the formats already existing in those countries or may be opened in newly introduced formats, such as supercenters or sam's clubs, not previously operated in those markets. as in the u.s., our ability to open new stores or to expand or relocate existing stores in a market served by our walmart international segment depends in large measure upon our ability to locate, hire and retain qualified personnel and our ability to acquire new store sites on acceptable terms. local laws can affect our ability to acquire attractive pre-existing buildings in which to locate units or sites on which to build new units or to expand existing units. in addition, access to local suppliers of certain types of goods may limit our ability to add new units or to expand product selections in existing units in certain markets, especially in those markets in which consumers desire to purchase locally produced goods.
moreover, cultural differences in some markets into which we expand or into which we introduce new retail concepts may result in the consumers in those markets not being as receptive to our retail concepts as we anticipate those consumers will be and may make an effective response to such issues more difficult to achieve. economic, business and legal environments in foreign markets may be such that we are unable to expand our operations and increase our net sales in those markets as we may want to do and could result in the closure of our existing units in such markets, which closures impede the growth of our international operations. finally, some countries have foreign investment laws that prohibit us or limit us from holding a controlling interest in retail operations in those countries, making our entry into those markets, which may present attractive growth opportunities, more difficult, if not impossible. if we cannot effectively continue to expand our walmart international segment, our ability to grow our business could be adversely affected.
we may be unable to continue to identify suitable acquisition candidates at acceptable prices and may not be successful in completing the acquisition of any such candidate identified. although we ultimately believe we will be able to successfully integrate any newly acquired operations into our existing operations, no certainty exists that future acquisitions or alliances will be successfully integrated into our operations or can be successfully integrated in a reasonable time. our failure to identify appropriate candidates for acquisition or alliance or to integrate effectively future acquisitions and alliances into our existing operations could adversely affect the growth of our walmart international segment and our future financial performance.
financial risks fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may materially adversely affect our financial performance and our reported results of operations.
our operations in countries other than the u.s. are conducted primarily in the local currencies of those countries. our consolidated financial statements are denominated in u.s. dollars, and to prepare those financial statements we must translate the amounts of the assets, liabilities, net sales, other revenues and expenses of our operations outside of the u.s. from local currencies into u.s. dollars using exchange rates for the current period. in recent years, fluctuations in currency exchange rates that were unfavorable to us coupled with such translations have had a material adverse effect on our reported results of
22
operations. as a result of such translations, fluctuations in currency exchange rates from period-to-period that are unfavorable to us may also result in our consolidated financial statements reflecting significant adverse period-over-period changes in our financial performance or reflecting a period-over-period improvement in our financial performance that is not as robust as it would be without such fluctuations in the currency exchange rates. such unfavorable currency exchange rate fluctuations will adversely affect the reported performance of our walmart international operating segment and have a corresponding adverse effect on our reported consolidated results of operations.
we may pay for products we purchase for sale in our stores and clubs around the world with a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods will be sold. when we must acquire the currency to pay for such products and the exchange rates for the payment currency fluctuate in a manner unfavorable to us, our cost of sales may increase and we may be unable or unwilling to change the prices at which we sell those goods to address that increase in our costs, with a corresponding adverse effect on our gross profit. consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.
failure to meet market expectations for our financial performance could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.
we believe that the price of our stock generally reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our comparable store and club sales growth rates, e-commerce growth rates, gross margin, earnings and earnings per share or new store and club openings could cause the market price of our stock to decline, as could changes in our dividend or stock repurchase programs or policies.
regulatory, compliance, reputational and other risks our operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic risks and conditions specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could materially adversely affect our business or financial performance.
we are currently engaged in the operation of retail through our wholly-owned subsidiaries operating in argentina, brazil, canada, chile, china, india, japan and the united kingdom; our majority-owned subsidiaries operating in africa, central america and mexico; and our joint ventures and other controlled subsidiaries in china in addition to our u.s. operations. during fiscal 2016, our walmart international operations generated approximately 26% of our consolidated net sales. our divisions also source goods and services from other countries. the future expansion of our operations in countries outside the u.s. could result in our international operations accounting for a larger portion of our net sales in future years. our future operating results in these countries or in other countries or regions throughout the world could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, most of which are beyond our control. these factors include political conditions, including political instability, local and global economic conditions, legal and regulatory constraints, local product safety and environmental laws, tax regulations, local labor laws, anti-money laundering laws and regulations, trade policies, currency regulations, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future.
in particular, brazilian federal, state and local laws are complex and subject to varying interpretations. although the company believes it complies with those laws, the company's subsidiaries in brazil are party to a large number of labor claims and non-income tax assessments, which have arisen during the normal course of business in brazil. these matters are subject to inherent uncertainties and if decided adversely to the company, could materially adversely affect our financial performance.
moreover, the economies of some of the countries in which we have operations have in the past suffered from high rates of inflation and currency devaluations, which, if they occurred again, could adversely affect our financial performance. other factors which may impact our international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies both of the u.s. and of other countries, laws, regulations and other activities of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having numerous facilities located in countries which have historically been less stable than the u.s. additional risks inherent in our international operations generally include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights in countries other than the u.s. the various risks inherent in doing business in the u.s. generally also exist when doing business outside of the u.s., and may be exaggerated by the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in culture, laws and regulations.
in foreign countries in which we have operations, a risk exists that our associates, contractors or agents could, in contravention of our policies, engage in business practices prohibited by u.s. laws and regulations applicable to us, such as the foreign corrupt practices act and the laws and regulations of other countries such as the uk bribery act. we maintain policies prohibiting such business practices and have in place enhanced global anti-corruption compliance programs designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations. nevertheless, we remain subject to the risk that one or more of our associates, contractors or agents, including those based in or from countries where practices that violate such u.s. laws and regulations or the laws and regulations of other countries may be customary, will engage in business practices that are prohibited by our
23
policies, circumvent our compliance programs and, by doing so, violate such laws and regulations. any such violations, even if prohibited by our internal policies, could adversely affect our business or financial performance and our reputation.
we are also subject to income taxes and other taxes in both the u.s. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we currently operate or have historically operated. the determination of our worldwide provision for income taxes and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities requires judgment and estimation. our income taxes could be materially adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in jurisdictions that have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated in jurisdictions that have higher statutory tax rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws, regulations, or accounting principles.
we are subject to regular review and audit by both domestic and foreign tax authorities as well as subject to the prospective and retrospective effects of changing tax regulations and legislation. although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome may materially differ from the tax amounts recorded in our consolidated financial statements and may materially affect our income tax provision, net income, or cash flows in the period or periods for which such determination and settlement is made.
we are subject to certain legal proceedings that may materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity.
we are involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. in particular, we are currently a defendant in a number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state wage and hour laws, as well as a number of cases containing class-action allegations in which the plaintiffs have brought claims under federal and state consumer laws.
in addition, asda stores, ltd. ("asda"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the company, has been named as a defendant in over 7,000 "equal value" claims that are pending in the manchester employment tribunal (the "employment tribunal") in the united kingdom. the claimants, who are current and former asda store employees, allege that the work performed by female employees in asda's retail stores is of equal value in terms of, among other things, the demands of their jobs to that of male employees working in asda's warehouses and distribution facilities, and that the disparity in pay between these different job positions is not objectively justified. the claimants are seeking: (i) back pay consisting of the difference between the wage rate paid in the stores and the rate paid in the warehouses and distribution facilities for the period of their employment up to a maximum of six years under the statute of limitations; and (ii) an increase in the store rate prospectively, to match that paid in the warehouses and the distribution facilities. on january 30, 2015, the employment tribunal held a case management conference in order to set a schedule for addressing jurisdictional challenges and other issues involved in the first phase of the litigation. at this time, it is undetermined: (i) how many of these claims may ultimately be filed; or (ii) whether the employment tribunal will decide to hear each claim individually or to consolidate them into groups of similar claims and proceed with the trial of "test cases." determinations made in such test cases, if any, might be asserted as binding in subsequent trials of claims within that group and any subsequent claims involving the same issues. moreover, a determination as to the appropriate rate of pay for a particular store position might be asserted as the basis for additional claims for back pay or wage increases by other store associates who perform, or who have performed, like work in that position.
on march 23, 2015, asda asked the employment tribunal to stay all proceedings, contending that the high court, which is the superior first instance civil court in the uk that is headquartered in the royal courts of justice in the city of london, is the more convenient and appropriate forum to hear these claims. on march 23, 2015, asda also asked the employment tribunal to "strike out" substantially all of the claims for failing to comply with employment tribunal rules. following argument and appellate proceedings, the claims have remained in the employment tribunal. the issue of stay, strike out, and the scope of employment tribunal rules are the subject of further appellate proceedings. we discuss this case and other litigation to which we are party below under the caption "item 3. legal proceedings" and in note 10 in the "notes to our consolidated financial statements," which are part of our annual report to shareholders, which are incorporated by reference in this annual report on form 10-k and are included as an exhibit to this annual report on form 10-k.
24
we could be subject to liability, penalties and other sanctions and other adverse consequences arising out of our on-going fcpa matter.
the audit committee of our board of directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, is conducting an internal investigation into, among other things, alleged violations of the foreign corrupt practices act ("fcpa") and other alleged crimes or misconduct in connection with certain of our foreign subsidiaries, including wal-mart de méxico, s.a.b. de c.v., or walmex, and whether we appropriately handled prior allegations of such violations and/or misconduct. we are also conducting a voluntary global review of our policies, practices and internal controls for fcpa compliance and strengthening our global anti-corruption compliance programs. since the implementation of the global review and enhanced anti-corruption compliance programs, the audit committee and we have identified or been made aware of additional allegations regarding potential violations of the fcpa. inquiries or investigations regarding allegations of potential fcpa violations have been commenced in a number of foreign markets in which we operate, including, but not limited to, brazil, china and india. in november 2011, we voluntarily disclosed our investigative activity to the u.s. department of justice (the "doj") and the sec, and we have been informed by the doj and the sec that we are the subject of their respective investigations into possible violations of the fcpa. a number of federal and local government agencies in mexico have also initiated investigations of these matters. furthermore, lawsuits relating to the matters under investigation have been filed by several of our shareholders against us, certain of our current and former directors and officers and certain of walmex's current and former officers.
we could be exposed to a variety of negative consequences as a result of these matters. one or more enforcement actions could be instituted in respect of the matters that are the subject of some or all of the on-going government investigations, and such actions, if brought, may result in judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, cease and desist orders, debarment or other relief, criminal convictions and/or penalties. the existing and any additional shareholder lawsuits may result in judgments against us and our current and former directors and officers named in those proceedings. we cannot predict at this time the outcome or impact of the government investigations, the shareholder lawsuits, or our own internal investigations and review. moreover, we expect to continue to incur costs (incremental to the $126 million of costs incurred in fiscal 2016 and the costs incurred in prior years) in conducting our on-going review and investigations and in responding to requests for information or subpoenas seeking documents, testimony and other information in connection with the government investigations and in defending the existing and any additional shareholder lawsuits and any governmental proceedings that are instituted against us or any of our current or former officers. these matters may require the involvement of certain members of our senior management that could impinge on the time they have available to devote to other matters relating to our business. we also expect that there will be ongoing media and governmental interest, including additional news articles from media publications on these matters that could impact the perception of our role as a corporate citizen among certain audiences. our process of assessing and responding to the governmental investigations and the shareholder lawsuits continues. while we believe that it is probable that we will incur a loss from these matters, given the on-going nature and complexity of the review, inquiries and investigations, we cannot reasonably estimate any loss or range of loss that may arise from these matters. although we do not presently believe that these matters will have a material adverse effect on our business, given the inherent uncertainties in such situations, we can provide no assurance that these matters will not be material to our business in the future.
item 7.   management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations the information required by this item is incorporated by reference to all information under the caption "management's discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations" included in our annual report to shareholders. such information is included in exhibit 13 to this annual report on form 10-k.
